 President, as the Senate considers S.1664, the Immigration Control and Fiscal Responsibility Act, I want to take this opportunity to explore and comment on a number of the key issues.  Immigration reform has always been a controversial issue for our immigrant based society. As our Nation continues to develop and grow, it is appropriate for the Senate to debate these issues. Therefore, I want to complement the members of the Judiciary Committee, both the majority and the minority, who have labored to bring this bill to the floor.  The bill does do much to address the problems associated with illegal immigration. I support the bill's provisions to add several thousand new border patrol agents between now and the year 2001. Additionally, I support the language to add new INS investigators to enforce alien smuggling and employment laws. Illegal immigration along our Southern border is a serious and costly problem. We have a responsibility to meet the needs of our Southern States and to ease the financial burdens associated with illegal immigration.  It is important to note that many of the bill's provisions dealing with illegal immigration are similar, and in some cases identical, to legislation proposed by President Clinton. Despite the ongoing problems with illegal immigration, the Clinton administration has waged an unprecedented campaign against illegal immigration. The administration has increased the number of Border Patrol agents by 40 percent since 1993. The administration is on target to meet its goal of 7,000 Border Patrol agents, trained and deployed, by the end of fiscal year 1998. I commend the administration for committing the financial resources and political capital to fight illegal immigration.  Despite laudable attempts to combat illegal immigration, this legislation threatens to become a punitive vehicle aimed directly at children and families. My objections are numerous; I will detail a few today. If the Senate chooses to follow our House colleagues down the road of punishing children and families as well as abandoning our historical and cultural acceptance of legal immigrants, I will oppose the legislation.  My objections begin with any effort to combine legal immigration restrictions and cutbacks with S. 1664, the bill before the Senate to curb illegal immigration. The effort to combine the two issues will doom passage of illegal immigration reform this year.  Legal immigrants have long been a source of strength for our Nation. My own family has an immigration story to tell. My husband's family immigrated to Washington State from Norway and settled in the Ballard section of Seattle. Even today, the Ballard community remains the focal point for Scandinavian culture in Seattle. Flags from Norway dot most of the storefronts, school children can learn to speak Norwegian and summer festivals highlight our shared cultural heritage. My husband's family came to Seattle as the shipping and fishing industries first began to shape the Pacific Northwest economy. Today, these industries generate thousands of jobs for Washingtonians and more than $1 billion in annual economic activity.  Just as early immigrants boosted the growth of the shipping and fisheries industries, today's immigrants are instrumental to the growth of Washington's high-technology sector. My Washington State colleague, Senator Slade Gorton, and I wrote to Chairman Simpson in late November to express our opposition to language that would severely restrict the ability of the high-technology industry to access global talent when necessary to facilitate economic growth in the United States. Tens of thousands of Washington State residents are employed in the high-technology industry at high-skill, high-wage jobs. Senator Gorton and I both believe in the historic record of the United States in attracting and keeping the best international talent and harnessing this talent for the benefit of all residents of our State and our country.  I also want to take a moment to express my strong personal and moral objection to any amendment to deny educational benefits to any child. This in my mind is perhaps the most troubling language associated with this bill. I simply cannot understand this attempt to punish innocent children as well as turn our classrooms into interrogation rooms, and our teachers into INS agents. This language is veto bait; boththe Secretary of Education and the Attorney General have indicated this language will generate veto recommendations for the President.  The U.S. Supreme Court in Plyler versus Doe ruled that States may not, consistent with the 14th amendment, deny undocumented children the same free public education they provide to other children living in the State.  The language barring children from school is mean-spirited. I am saddened the House of Representatives chose to include this language in its version of illegal immigration reform. I implore on the Senate, please reject this cruel attack on innocent children. The language is in reality a massive unfunded mandate upon our schools and upon the State and local government entities that will be forced to pay costs associated with these barred children in the community on a daily basis.  This legislation proposes to allow States to base a legal immigrant's eligibility for a host of public assistance programs on their income, and that of their sponsor. I am particularly concerned about this legislation's impact on children.  Here are just some of the services children now have access to that States could deny them under this proposal: Maternal and Child Health Services, Preventive Health and Health Services, public health assistance for immunizations and testing and treatment to prevent the spread of communicable diseases, services from Community Health Centers, Child Care and Development Block Grant services, Child Nutrition Act Programs, including Women and Infant Children [WIC], and Head Start.  All these programs help children. All could be denied to certain, legal immigrant children. I would like to remind the proponents that children's needs are not different, just because their paperwork is different. And what could be more noble or of greater benefit to the Nation than giving a child--any child--every opportunity to succeed in life?  Mr. President, I remain committed to combating the problems associated with illegal immigration, particularly in the Southern States where our problems are most severe. It remains my hope that this legislation will not lose focus on this objective.  Therefore, Mr. President, I intend to vote in favor of S. 1664. I do so with reservations, however, because the Senate rejected a number of very good amendments, which, if adopted, I believe would have strengthened this bill. As it stands, this bill will achieve some needed reforms in immigration policy. However, I feel it dances a bit too close to the line in terms of humanitarian treatment of individual people.  I can say with confidence that if the Senate bill is altered in any way to reflect the House-passed bill during conference, I will not support it. Specifically, I cannot in good conscience support any provisions that would deny basic human services, such as education and health care, to children. Likewise, I cannot support any conference report that places new onerous restrictions on legal immigration. I do not believe this would be in the interest of the Nation's economy or culture.  By sticking close to the Senate mark, a conference committee on illegal immigration reform can show the American people that Congress is occasionally capable of putting aside fundamental differences and crafting consensus legislation that serves the public interest. I sincerely hope this happens.  