 President, I rise to make a few remarks about the foreign operations legislation for fiscal year 1997. Let me begin by complementing both Chairman McConnell and Senator Leahy for bringing this bill to the floor today. As a member of the subcommittee, I appreciate the lengths to which both of these Senators have gone to accommodate me and the citizens of Washington State.  This is important legislation; issues including the Middle East peace process, the growth of democracy in the former Soviet Union, efforts to combat disease and starvation around the globe, international family planning and job-creating export assistance financing are all part of this bill. Few pieces of legislation address so many issues of importance to this country--economic issues, national security issues and others associated with our role as the world's lone superpower. Importantly, this is all accomplished for an investment that represents less than 1 percent of the Federal budget.  I am particularly pleased that the Appropriations Committee fully funded our assistance program to Russia to foster the growth of democracy and build important new markets for United States goods and services. My home State of Washington is actively involved in Russia, particularly the Russian Far East. Educational, cultural, health and athletic exchanges, numerous sister city relationships, the West Coast Working group of the Gore-Chernomyrdin Commission, and of course, international trade and commerce with Russia have all captivated the citizens of Washington State. Washington State has demonstrated a commitment to developing and expanding ties with the Russian Far East by locating a state office in Vladivostock.  I have already mentioned that this bill addresses many national interests of concern to the United States. Any of which could be explored in greater detail today here on the floor of the Senate. I want to take a few moments to focus on the provisions of this bill that promote exports from the United States--the job creators of this legislation--and specifically, the Export-Import Bank of the United States.  This legislation provides nearly $770 million to the Export-Import Bank of the United States for fiscal year 1997. Ex-Im is the great equalizer for U.S. firms seeking to export abroad in a competitive global marketplace. A marketplace where our international competitors are spending vastly greater sums of money in support of their exporters. For example, in 1994, Japan provided export financing to nearly 40 percent of all that nation's trade deals. In the same time period, Canada financed almost 20 percent of its exports.U.S. export financing through the Ex-Im bank equaled 3.3 percent--a figure significantly below virtually all of our trade partners.  It is estimated that the fiscal year 1997 appropriation will support between $15 and $18 billion in exports. Think about it, the Export-Import Bank will leverage its $770 million appropriation to generate $15-$18 billion in economic activity--job creating economic activity--right here in the United States in the next year. For several pennies, the American taxpayer, through Ex-Im, will support nearly 500,000 American jobs. And export-related jobs have shown to pay approximately 13-percent more than nonexport jobs. The Ex-Im Bank is sustaining and creating family wage jobs all across this country.  In my own State of Washington, the Ex-Im Bank is having a significant impact on trade promotion and job creation. Many identify the Boeing Co. with the Export-Import Bank. While the relationship between the bank and the aerospace industry is often overstated, it is important to note that approximately 2,000 small businesses in Washington State do contracting work for the Boeing Co. So when Ex-Im helps the United States commercial aircraft industry develop new markets for aircraft in Poland and Lithuania, Ex-Im supports jobs at small businesses across my State.  There are numerous examples of the Export-Import Bank aiding Washington State businesses seeking to export abroad. With Ex-Im assistance, Pacific Propeller, a propeller manufacturer and overhauler, located in Kent, WA secured $7.5 million of important work in Indonesia. Connelly Skis exported its recreational equipment including the new ``Big Easy'' water ski to Belgium, Columbia, South Africa, and Jamaica. And the Lamb Weston Corp. shipped Washington State french fries to Argentina, Chile, Guatemala, and Aruba. This was all done with assistance from Ex-Im--all of these export deals may not have occurred without Ex-Im assistance. Clearly, the Export-Import Bank of the United States is a major contributor to my State's efforts to compete and succeed in international trade. Few recognize the benefits of this small appropriation to the Export-Import Bank, many work and prosper due to this agencies important work.  Ex-Im is the lender of last resort; meaning the bank finances only deals that will not go through without assistance. The bank supports U.S. exporters when foreign governments offer subsidized financing to competitors, when private financing is unavailable or when small businesses are unable to locate commercial banks willing to provide financing. Importantly, the Ex-Im bank is a vital tool for small businesses seeking to export. Support for small businesses represented almost 80 percent of all Export-Import Bank transactions during fiscal year 1995.  I do have several reservations about the language in the bill which addresses an outstanding controversy regarding the Bank's provision of so-called retention bonuses. The bill restricts funding for the salary and expenses of the chairman and president of the Bank until Mr. Kamarck is confirmed by the regular process of the Senate. A full Senate hearing is, after all, the best forum to question Mr. Kamarck's actions and his nomination to lead the Bank. I urge the Senate to proceed immediately with a hearing for Mr. Kamarck.  Additionally, this legislation cuts administrative expenses for the Export-Import Bank by nearly $7 million. This punitive action is another expression of congressional frustration over the retention bonus issue. My concern is that in our zeal to protest previous Bank actions, we will actually be harming the Bank's ability to help America's exporters. I hope my colleagues in the Congress and the administration will come together to address outstanding Bank issues prior to this bill becoming law.  This legislation also provides important funding for the Overseas Private Investment Corporation [OPIC] and the Trade and Development Agency [TDA]. Both of these entities are also important components in the U.S. Government's trade promotion arsenal.  Mr. President, in my mind, the trade and export promotion provisions of this legislation represent a partnership with states across the country. In Washington State, by virtue of our location and history, we enjoy important cultural and economic ties with virtually every corner of the world. Despite an activist statewide commitment to international trade, Washington State needs the backing of the Federal Government to counter the resources of the Japanese and German Governments and those of our other international trade partners. For a minuscule investment, agencies like the Export-Import Bank, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation and the Trade and Development Agency all provide needed support--financial and consultative--to U.S. exporters.  