 President.  Again, the amendment that I have sent to the desk simply strikes the provisions that are related to the Summer Food Program. As all of the Members of the Senate know, we debated the school lunch issue over the last year and a half. Understand, the consensus across this country is people believe we do need to make sure that our children get adequate nutrition. The Summer Food Program is the same argument.  The Senate bill that is before us makes an 11-percent cut to the reimbursement rate for lunches provided in the Summer Food Program. This reduction is a 23-cent cut on each lunch that is provided. It will reduce the amount of money that is provided for these lunches from $2.16 to $1.93. That is a substantial cut, Mr. President, and will have a dramatic impact on the programs offered across this country that assure each one of the children of those programs get adequate nutrition.  We have heard the arguments many times over the last year how important it is that a child get proper nutrition and, without that nutrition, is unable to learn. That is exactly what these cuts will do. They will dramatically impact the ability of our kids to have a nutritious meal in these summer programs.  It also will mean many of these summer programs will not survive. If they have to charge the people in these programs an additional $20 or $30 a month in order to make up the difference, it will mean that many of these programs will be lost, particularly in our rural areas where costs are substantial and it is very difficult for parents to come up with adequate money for these programs to begin with.  Estimates vary by State, but a recent report concluded that this cut that is being proposed in this welfare bill will result in a 30- to 35-percent drop in the number of sponsors, most of them in our rural districts. It will result in a 20-percent cut in the number of children who are able to participate, and many of the larger sponsors are going to have to drop their smaller sites.  I think it is very critical that this Senate go on record saying that we understand the nutrition needs of young children in this country today, and I urge my colleagues, hopefully by voice vote, to accept this reasonable amendment to assure that young children in this country do get the proper nutrition in the Summer Food Program that is in the welfare bill.  