 President, I rise to discuss briefly the fiscal year 1997 Legislative Branch Appropriations Act. This afternoon, the Committee on Appropriations reported the bill unanimously, and I expect it to reach the floor prior to the August recess.  Mr. President, I would like to commend the chairman, Senator Mack, for putting together a solid bill. His leadership on legislative branch issues has been terrific, and I have been excited to work with him on a bipartisan basis to manage the operations of Congress in a responsive--and responsible--way. He was bold last year, and it paid off. We have been able to reduce our spending by over $200 million--about 10 percent--in the past year.  This year, we continue the effort to streamline by reducing our internal budget by nearly $20 million in fiscal year 1997. We have taken testimony from legislative branch agencies affirming that they, under the funding levels in the bill, can maintain a high level of quality services to Members. Senators in turn should be able to provide responsive, high quality service to their constituents.  I would like to highlight one provision in the bill for Members of the Senate. With the enthusiastic support of Chairman Mack, I have included language that will enable the Sergeant at Arms to transfer excess or surplus computer equipment to schools.  In the past, the Senate sold its computers to employees at bargain prices. Fortunately, this practice has been terminated, and I commend the Sergeant at Arms for doing so. For the past couple years, our computers have simply been transferred to GSA for disposal through the normal surplus process.  I think Senators should be aware that the Senate disposes of over 1,500computers every year. Over the past 3 years, nearly 5,000 computers have been let go. For the most part, these are IBM-compatible, 386, 16-megahertz machines. They are a generation old, but they could be very useful to schools, especially in rural areas, that may not have a big budget to buy fancy new computers.  I am fortunate to represent Washington State, which is very aggressive in trying to put computers in the classroom. Our companies have been generous in donating software and hardware, and people are excited about giving kids skills that will help them get an edge in life.  But not every school district is moving aggressively on computers. Many don't even know how to go about it, and cannot afford it. I am certain that every Senator is aware of how fast technology is evolving in our economy. I really believe that, in the future, a child's ability to compete in the work force will be measured in part by his or her familiarity with computers. In my view, the earlier they start, the better.  The Senate will debate the broad role of Government in education technology, and I look forward to having that debate. For now there is a small, and I think constructive, role for the Senate to play. We can use the bully pulpit. We can lead by example. We can help children by giving our computers to schools that want or need them. By doing this, we can help some kids, and we can show the country we think bringing technology to the classroom is a high priority.  Here is how it will work: the Sergeant at Arms will make sure that any excess or surplus computers are in good working order. Then he will make them available to interested schools at the lowest possible cost to both the Senate and the schools. Most likely, he will transfer these computers to the General Services Administration. GSA, in turn, will provide information to schools through its regional offices about available inventory. The equipment eligible for transfer will include computers, keyboards, monitors, printers, modems, and other peripheral hardware as described in the bill.  I envision schools being able to obtain this equipment on a first-come, first-served basis, for the cost of shipping and handling from GSA regional offices. The language provides the Sergeant at Arms with flexibility to determine the best way to complete the transfers.  Earlier this year, President Clinton issued an executive order stating that the GSA should document surplus computers in Federal agencies. And in May, I offered a sense-of-the-Senate resolution expressing the view that the Senate should also inventory its computers and create a process of getting Government computers into schools and other educational organizations. The language in the bill before us sets out a specific process so the Senate can play a role in this important effort.  Mr. President, I think this is a useful change in policy. I am grateful the committee has acted today in a manner consistent with my amendment as adopted last May. And, I welcome the support of Senator Leahy, who has taken an active and enthusiastic interest in this issue. He has been a big help. Again, I appreciate the help of Chairman Mack on this, and I look forward to working with him and the Sergeant at Arms to make this work. 