 President, I rise today to gratefully express my relief that finally, 7 months into the current fiscal year, we are debating the bill that will put this year's budget to bed. And I am pleased to be able to support this bill based on changes that have been made over the past few days.  This agreement did not come easy, and it comes nearly too late for many people. It's unfortunate that it took two Government shut-downs, innumerable furloughs, and needlessly bitter partisan disputes, before we reached the path of resolution: serious bipartisan negotiations.  I do not think many families would make their budgets this way, 6 months late. I know I would not. But I am glad we've reached an agreement nonetheless.  I said to all my colleagues and the people of Washington State early last year there is a right way, and a wrong way, to balance the Federal budget. The wrong way would be to use quick and dirty gimmicks, paper tigers like the constitutional amendment or the line item veto.  I said the right way is to go through the budget line-by-line, program-by-program, and make the tough choices necessary to balance the books. Well, that is what happened on this bill. It reflects tough decisions, and strong, clearly-set priorities of both political parties.  The final agreement saves the taxpayers another $23 billion under last year's budget, and I think that's a good thing. But it also redirects funds to support important education programs, health programs, and environmental programs. In other words, we achieved a rare balance between spending cuts and spending increases that is good for the people.  I want to talk briefly about each of these three areas, environmental priorities, education priorities, and public health priorities.  Mr. President, I am so pleased with the progress the administration made in stripping this bill of almost all environmental riders. I believe this cleaner bill represents a victory for all of us who care about the health of our environment and protection of natural resources. Two provisions I spoke against on the floor 3 days ago have been dropped: those affecting the Columbia Basin Ecosystem Project and those addressing the timber salvage provisions.  Now, the Columbia Basin Ecosystem Project can go forward, providing resource managers with comprehensive, scientific information about how best to protect the land, restore riparian habitat, and sustainably use our natural resources. This offers us one of our first opportunities to get ahead of the curve, and proactively address resource management before it we face a debilitating crisis. I appreciate my Senate colleagues agreeing to allow this project to move forward.  Likewise, I appreciate Senator Hatfield dropping the salvage provisions. I know there was legitimate disagreement between the chairman and the President about whether these provisions would help or hinder the administration's ability to alter current timber contracts to protect old growth forests. This has been such a contentious, divisive issue that finding the right course of action in this atmosphere has been nearly impossible. I wish this Senate had chosen simply to repeal the entire timber salvage rider and replace it with the long-term salvage program I had advocated in my amendment.  Overall, the Interior portion of this bill is balanced and fair. The President's Forest Plan is well-funded, the Elwha Dam has initial acquisition funds, Native American programs have been sufficiently funded, some important land acquisitions have been made, and many vital programs remain intact. I am very sorry the Lummi People are still being coerced about water rights on their reservation and wish we could have made more progress on this provision.  Now on to education. Mr. President, my greatest concerns in this budget were the deep and painful cuts to programs that support America's young people. When we began this debate, we were faced with a proposal that would have slashed nearly $4 billion away from the education of our next generation. Had these cuts been enacted, we would have faced the largest setback to education in our Nation's history.  Thankfully, for children in Washington State and the millions of young people who can not be heard through the vote, rational and thoughtful leadership prevailed. The add backs to education and training represent a commitment to programs that provide opportunity and hope.  We have restored $333 million for dislocated worker retraining that puts my State's timber workers back into the work force. We have added back $137 million Head Start dollars that insure our kids begin school ready to learn. We have restored $635 million for summer youth jobs for our young people that provide many of our most disadvantaged kids with the opportunity to give back to their communities. We have also saved the Safe and Drug Free Schools Program with $200 million that works proactively to take the fear out of our classrooms. Finally, the School-to-Work Program, which has been proven effective in the State of Washington received an additional $182 million. These programs, along with $814 million new Title I dollars that provide our schools with the essentials of learning, will immeasurably benefit our kids and our Nation's future.  I also want to talk about how AIDS research, prevention, and treatment issues have been handled by this Congress. Today's agreement has been a long-time coming. Finally, we have the opportunity to vote and pass a spending measure that will give help and peace of mind to many who need it most. Of course, we can always do more and there is always room for improvement. But, after months of debate and disagreement, we have come up with a plan that I can vote for. I recognize the need to cut spending and allocate Federal resources with strict scrutiny.  But, these decisions cannot be made at the expense of our most vulnerable citizens.  Programs like the Ryan White CARE Act receive a much needed increase. This bill raises funding for programs which care for those living with HIV/AIDS by $106 million over last year. These are critical dollars for: emergency care for particularly hard-hit cities like Seattle; comprehensive care for all our States to cope with the epidemic; early intervention services to save money down the road; and funds for Pediatric AIDS demonstration projects.  The AIDS Education Training Center program, which I fought so hard to protect last fall, and which I fought hard for throughout this process, will be maintained. This critical program provides information to health care professionals about HIV and keeps them up-to-date on the latest in treatment for those living with HIV and AIDS. We must make sure that information and public awareness are kept at an all-time high, and I congratulate my colleagues for having the good sense to recognize the importance of the AETC program.  I also want to briefly express my relief that the blatantly discriminatory policy of discharging HIV-infected service members is repealed in this bill. This proposal was closed-minded, unfounded, and offensive to our men and women in uniform who have chosen to serve our country. The Dornan-provision sent the wrong message; it said that Congress bases decisions on ignorance, fear and hate. I want no part of sending that message, and today we have the chance to right a terrible wrong.  Finally, Mr. President, while I am pleased with many of the changes that were made to this bill, I am deeply disappointed that Senator Hatfield's language on International Family Planning was not maintained. Like many issues in this Congress, the Senate has taken a different approach than our counterparts in the House with respect to International Family Planning assistance. Throughout the debate on this issue, the Senate has continually supported funding for this program, and I have spoken many times in favor of our efforts to continue providing these services.  As it stands now, none of the appropriated funds can be spent until July 1. After that, money can only be spent on a month-to-month basis at a rate of 6.7 percent a month until the new fiscal year begins on October 1. The result is funding for U.S. population assistance will be reduced by about 85 percentfrom last year's level. This is a disastrous situation that will severely hamper this program.  As a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Foreign Operations, I will work this year to try to restore these funds in fiscal year 1997. The millions of couples who rely on these valuable services are counting on this assistance.  Mr. President, I am glad we have finished the fiscal year 1996 budget. It's the people's business, and it's our responsibility to conduct. While the process over the past several months has been dominated by partisanship and dispute, the past few weeks have demonstrated that if reasonable leaders get together, they can usually resolve their differences and reach agreements that serve the public interest.  I sincerely hope this example sets a new tone that will carry into the fiscal year 1997 budget process. We have a short year, only a few months left to complete work on 13 new budget bills, before the political season completely overtakes Congress. I think it is in everyone's interest that we remain at the table and complete our next set of tasks with good humor and discipline.  