 President, I rise today in strong support of the transportation appropriations bill. I want to applaud Senators Hatfield and Lautenberg for their strong leadership over an area of increased competition for fewer dollars.  This legislation though, is bittersweet, as it marks the final transportation bill for Chairman Hatfield. My neighbor to the south has been a compassionate champion for our Nation's infrastructure. The loss to this body and the Pacific Northwest will be felt for a very long time.  The State of Washington has witnessed tremendous growth over the last decade, accompanied by traffic congestion on roads that have not kept pace with this region's large influx of residents. I am pleased that this bill seeks to accommodate much of that growth within the Puget Sound region.  The committee has included funds which support a commuter rail service between the cities of Everett, Seattle, and Tacoma. This line would form the foundation for a larger regional transit service in the Puget Sound that is set for a vote this November. This commuter service would operate trains on existing track between the most heavily populated centers of Washington State.  The committee also included funding to aid commuters traveling from suburban cities to downtown Seattle. These funds will enable King County Metro to connect the cities of Kenmore, Redmond, Renton, Tukwila, and Auburn with Seattle, through smaller neighborhood buses that meet larger commuter buses heading into the city.  Further, I am thrilled that the bill has included funds that support a comprehensive transportation solution to congestion around the Kingdome and new baseball stadium. Together with King County, the city of Seattle, the Washington State Department of Transportation, the Port of Seattle, the Baseball Stadium Public Facilities District and Burlington Northern-Santa Fe Railroad, these dollars will create a transit center facilitating access for both transit and pedestrians through the area.  Last, Mr. President, I wanted to commend the committee for allowing Wenatchee to finish construction on the Chelan-Douglas Multimodal Center. The city of Wenatchee and Link Transit Systems have been working on the Multimodal Transportation Center project for 3 years. These funds will finish construction on the project and improve pedestrian and bicycle access.  All of these projects utilize several different modes of transportation to more quickly and efficiently move our growing population. I appreciate the committee's hard work in light of difficult budget choices and urge my colleagues' support of this critical appropriations bill.  