 President, I rise to speak in favor of the Lautenberg amendment to the Treasury-postal appropriations bill, taking guns away from individuals convicted of domestic violence. I am a cosponsor of his original bill, and want to congratulate Senator Lautenberg on offering this important legislation in the form of an amendment today.  Just getting the gun out of the home would make the difference in so many of these horrible stories we hear about domestic violence, in the news, or from people on the street. I don't know how many people on the floor of the Senate have heard the cries of a family in crisis; I don't know if you have ever had to dial 911 out of worry for a neighbor. But, I have.  If this amendment makes a difference for one victim of domestic violence, it will have done its job.  One woman I know told me the story of her abusive ex-husband. He was physically abusive, and had been convicted of misdemeanors. What is more, he knew he was prone to violence against his family, and did not trust himself. He purposely separated the gun and the bullets at two different ends of their house, so he would not be able to shoot her in the heat of the moment.  But the measures he took were not quite enough, when he came home one night, drunk, and yelling that the house wasn't clean enough for him. Because he was able to find the bullets, find the gun, load it, and point it at his wife. That she is alive today is a miracle.  This man was not the sort of law-abiding citizen we so frequently hear about from the NRA. He had a record. He did not even trust himself. This man should not have had a gun.  If he did not have a gun, the man in the story may have used some other weapon. But we know from the research that nearly 65 percent of all murder victims known to have been killed by intimates were shot to death. We have seen that firearms-associated family and intimate assaults are 12 times more likely to be fatal than those not associated with firearms. A California study showed when a domestic violence incident is fatal, 68 percent of the time the homicide was done with a firearm.  Again, the gun is the key ingredient most likely to turn a domestic violence incident into a homicide. But the people this amendment would take guns away from--these people have already broken the law, and in a very relevant way. In the face of the reality of domestic violence and the role guns play in homicides in such situations, the Senate cannot allow convicted abusers to have guns.  Unfortunately, this amendment will not make life better for many women who are abused, even when guns are present in the home. We know that most domestic violence is not even reported, and of the cases that are reported, many do not lead to a conviction. This is a problem associated with the horrible effects of victimization, and has a different set of solutions.  But, for thousands of women and men in this country, this amendment would mean immediate results. To get the gun out of the home will mean the difference between life and death. I urge the Senate to pass the Lautenberg amendment.  