 President, and I thank the Senator from Massachusetts.  Mr. President, I rise today to support the efforts by the Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, and others, in telling us to slow down and take a look at what we are doing in our rush to get out of town.  To me this is an issue of fairness. I have listened carefully to the debate over the last 4 days. It is an issue of fairness for thousands of working families across this country, whether or not they will have the right to make sure that they can pay for their families' food on the table, send their children to college, to have working conditions that are fair and reached in fair agreement.  I know we all want to leave town. We want to leave quickly. Everyone wants to get home. But let us not leave a legacy of giving special treatment to one company and leaving thousands of workers for many years to come without fair treatment in their employment.  I thank the President.  I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for yielding the time.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I will use my remaining time.  Mr. President, I hope we will invoke cloture and pass this important legislation.  This conference report is the product of 2 long years of hard work and negotiations. All was done in the open. And over that period, Chairman Pressler, ranking member Hollings, Senator Ford, Senator Stevens, and I have heard from countless interests. We all worked hard to balance the competing views. I believe this bill represents a thoughtful, balanced approach to this subject.  I will not repeat all that this bill would do. The conference report was not only read. But we have now debated it for over 3 days.  Mr. President, soon the Senate will vote on whether or not to invoke cloture on the FAA Reauthorization Act. I want to emphasize the importance of this vote.  A vote for cloture is a vote for airport and airline safety, for airport security, for airport construction, and for jobs. Make no mistake. This is much, much more than a vote about one provision in the bill. We must invoke cloture on this bill. It must be passed.  Mr. President, I know that some of my colleagues, especially those on the other side of the aisle, have already left town and don't want to return. While I sympathize with their plight, I want the Record to note that not voting on this very important legislation because of vacation plans, or campaign activities, is not a valid excuse. Vacations and campaigns can wait. They cannot and should not take precedence over the safety of the flying public.  We have all missed votes. But this is not just any vote. This is the last issue this Congress will deal with. This is an issue involving the safety of air travel in this country. This is an issue of job creation. This is an issue of helping the families who have lost loved ones in air disasters. This is an issue of improving our airports.  Simply, this is an issue that cannot be delayed until next year.  Mr. President, according to experts at the Finance Committee, the Joint Committee on Taxation, and the Congressional Budget Office, money cannot be spent on these needs unless this bill is enacted into law. We cannot wait until next year. Such a wait may result in months upon months of delay.  For the safety of the flying public, I appeal to my colleagues to support cloture and to support this bill.  I want to note that this debate should be a debate about aviation issues. It is not a partisan debate. It is certainly not a debate about one company. Those charges that this bill contains a special interest provision is simply spurious.  Yesterday, and today, the senior Senator from Massachusetts displayed a poster on the floor of this Senate entitled ``Republican Attacks on the Middle Class.'' Mr. President, this is not a partisan debate. Democrats and Republicans are all equally responsible for this bill.  Mr. President, the Senate will soon vote on whether or not to invoke cloture on the FAA reauthorization bill. I want to emphasize to my colleagues the importance of this vote. A vote for cloture is not, as the Senator from Massachusetts would have you believe, a vote against labor. A vote for cloture on this bill is an affirmative vote. It is a vote for airplane safety, for airport security, and for much-needed airport construction. It is a vote for jobs--many thousands of jobs.  The Senator from Massachusetts would like to use this bill in yet another attempt to turn the upcoming election into class warfare--using one small provision in this bill to accuse Republicans who support this critically important legislation of abandoning working men and women. Yet, as we all know, the provision which the Senator finds so objectionable was sponsored by a Democrat Member of the Senate, and enjoys the support of a number of other Senators from the other side of the aisle.  Mr. President, the election will be here soon enough.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 3 minutes of leader time.  