 President, this Farm Bill Conference Report represents a bold new direction for the future of this Nation's agricultural policy. A direction I do not support. The removal of the safety net for our farmers will prove itself to be a mistake, I think. Undermining the safety net is easy now since prices are relatively high, but when prices drop, and we all know they will, I fear this farm bill may come back to haunt us. In fact, it may well come back regardless of prices. It may come back because of the so-called market-transition payments: guaranteed payments to farmers regardless of market conditions or production. I am truly afraid that the American public will not view these payments as a safety net to maintain a safe and stable food supply. They will view the payments as a give-away. Those of us who understand the importance of farm programs know better than to undermine farm support structures in this way. That is why we think the payments should continue to be tied to production and the marketplace.  Many have expressed the sentiment that after the 7 years of Freedom to Farm, we will continue to maintain some kind of farm program. While the preservation of permanent agricultural law in the conference report provides some assurance that this will be the case, I am not so confident. The proponents of ``Freedom to Farm'' have made it explicitly clear that they view the market transition payments as a transition to nothing. Moreover, I am also concerned that public outcry over these direct payments will force us to revisit the farm bill sooner than 7 years. If this occurs, I am not at all convinced that Congress will seek to rectify the situation by reinstating a more traditional safety net, they may well decide just to end the payments, period.  Which just goes to the point: we had the opportunity to appropriately address national agricultural policy and we failed. Instead, we chose to let budget priorities drive farm policy. By putting forward policies that could not even make it out of committee, we undermined the process and the result is far from satisfactory. Congress has let our farmers down. The farm bill has traditionally been bipartisan with considerable time provided for debate and discussion. Congress sought to provide all parties a chance to provide their input. That tradition has ended with this bill. Take the dairy provisions for example. There is still a considerable amount of disagreement over these provisions, a compromise has not been achieved.  Despite all this, our farmers do need certainty for the 1996 season. I spoke with the wheat growers in my State of Washington yesterday. While they share many of my concerns with this farm bill, they told me they need something for this season. It would be unfair to hold the farmers of America hostage to our disagreements. While in the long term, I have serious concerns about the future of our farms under this bill, in the short term, they need to know what to plant for. I therefore will support this conference report, with serious reservations, in order for my farmers to have the certainty they need this season. I am committed to protecting the ability of our farmers to continue producing a safe and stable food supply for this Nation and the world. I will be watching the impacts of ``Freedom to Farm'' on our Nation's farms closely as the program, or lack of program, moves forward.  