 President, I rise today to express my unqualified support for ratification of the START II Treaty. I am happy that the Senate is finally considering this measure and believe the implementation of this treaty is another step on the road to eliminating the most destabilizing strategic weapons.  In January 1993, President George Bush and President Boris Yeltsin signed the treaty between the United States and the Russian Federation on further reduction and limitation of strategic arms. Their determination and cooperation helped build upon the progress that was achieved from the START I Treaty. The result of START II will mean greater reductions in strategic nuclear forces.  Ratification of this treaty today is critical, as it continues a process begun by START I. This treaty will help enhance U.S. and international security and substantially reduce the number of strategic warheads currently deployed by both countries. In early December, I joined a number of my Senate colleagues in sending a letter to the majority leader urging that both START II and the Chemicals Weapons Convention [CWC] be brought before the Senate for action. Shortly thereafter, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted unanimously to approve ratification of START II. This issue has bipartisan support. Today we have an opportunity to act on that.  Mr. President, this treaty has many important provisions. It will eliminate around 4,000 strategic nuclear weapons from the arsenal of the former Soviet Union. Specifically, it will eliminate all Russian heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles [ICBM's], and all multiple-warhead ICBM's. Eliminating these weapons would greatly reduce the threat of first strike in the event of renewed hostilities with the former Soviet Union. By eliminating this capability, United States-Russian strategic relations will be strengthened.  Another important aspect of START II is that it strengthens our ability to verify information, conduct on-site inspections, and deter possible violations of the treaty. This will help ensure compliance and allow monitoring of the progress being made to reduce these weapons. Under this treaty, reduction of arms will take place over a 5- to 7-year period. When these reductions are completed, the United States and Russia will each be limited to between 3,000 and 3,500 deployed strategic warheads. It is my hope that ratification of this treaty today will help encourage Russia to complete its own START II ratification efforts.  Mr. President, since the end of the cold war, our world has undergone a tremendous transformation. There is less fear and worry about nuclear war. We have made substantial efforts to reduce nuclear weapons. President Clinton has made nonproliferation and arms reduction a major priority. But the weapons are still here. Ratification of this treaty clearly represents significant progress with regard to reducing nuclear arms. However, there is still work yet to be done.  Last year 187 nations voted to indefinitely extend the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty [NPT] with a commitment to work on a Comprehensive Test Ban [CTB] Treaty. I am extremely encouraged by this action and believe that we must work to reach an agreement on a CTB in the near future. In addition, the Chemical Weapons Convention [CWC] is also awaiting ratification by the United States. The CWC bans the development, production, stockpiling, and use of toxic chemicals as a weapon. Clearly, we must eliminate these weapons of mass destruction. By addressing these issues, it is my hope that other countries will be more likely to follow the U.S. example and end their reliance on a nuclear deterrent.  Mr. President, today we have an opportunity to ratify a treaty that is vital to U.S. strategic interests. We have an opportunity to help make the world a safer place to live--a safer place for our children. START II has strong support from the American public, the national security community and many Members of this body. We must continue with our efforts to reduce these weapons of mass destruction, and ratification of START II is a critical step toward this end.  I urge my colleagues to support this measure.  