 President, I have listened to my colleagues on the floor discussing this issue over the last several days, and over the last several months, as it has increasingly become an inflammatory issue both here and across this country. I found myself going home last night feeling more and more angry. I asked myself, why is it that I feel so angry listening to this debate? I realized it was because I feel that we have really offended the women and the families who have had to make this decision, and they probably are sitting at home watching this debate in tears. Because none of us were there when they had to face a horrendous decision, women and men, young families, who wanted very much to have a baby, who found themselves at the end of a long pregnancy, after months of people coming up to them and telling them, ``Oh, how exciting. When is your baby due?'' Of planning for that baby, of having the furniture ready in the baby's room. Only at the end of that pregnancy to find out there were tragic circumstances involved, that perhaps their baby's brain was not formed, that their baby would not survive. Not only that, but to be told by their doctor that if this baby were to be delivered at the end of 9 months, the woman's life would be in serious jeopardy, or perhaps her ability to have future children.  I feel so sorry for those families who have had to live through this tragic experience, who now have to watch an inflammatory and divisive debate on this floor in this Senate by people who are not medical doctors, who have not been there, who do not know the circumstances surrounding that horrendous decision they had to make, now try to make it a criminal offense for them to go through that. I apologize to those families. I apologize to them for having to listen to this debate. For us to be sitting here second-guessing them and their doctors--I find it offensive. Again, I thought about it--why am I so angry? Mr. President, I am angry at the arrogance of those who sit out here on this floor and describe to us the joys they have had in being with their wives when their babies were born under wonderful circumstances. And I have had that opportunity twice in my life. But there are some on this floor who have had to live through similar experiences, and I think it is arrogant of people to be on this floor talking about it who have not been through the same thing. It is extremely difficult to sit in a doctor's office, when you have been pregnant for many months, and be told that your baby is not going to live. It is a tragic, horrendous experience that no one can understand unless they have been there.  Mr. President, I am offended that Members of this body know, or thinkthey know, what that would be like. If you have not lived through it, you do not know. This Senate, this Congress, should not be deciding the lives of those women, their families, or their future. It should be up to the doctor and the husband and the wife, as it has in the past and it better well be in the future, for my daughter and the other women around this country.  Mr. President, this is an emotional, distorted debate. We are using the lives of a few women to create divisions across this country. I know that many women are offended, as I am. Again, I extend my apology to the women in this country who have been through this experience and who know. I commend our President for having had the strength and the courage to stand up and say that he will veto this bill. I commend my colleagues who have the courage as well, despite the often offensive comments that we have heard, and the horrendous articles that we have seen written, and the divided doctors' opinions we have read. If we can be smart today and not override this veto and have courage to vote what is right, we will leave it up to women in the future to make their own decisions. That is extremely important for us to do.  Mr. President, the New York Times today had an extremely important editorial. I hope my colleagues who are sitting back, thinking about this debate and what their vote will mean, will take the time to read it. It states the case very well, in a very cognizant manner. I remind my colleagues, despite what you hear, if we can save the life of one woman and we can save the tragedy of one family not being able to make the decision that is good for the mother's health, then we have done the right thing today.  I urge my colleagues to sustain the veto of the President of the United States, and I yield my time back to Senator Boxer from California.  