 President, as we end this debate, I want to respond to one point again. I heard my colleagues go back to the offset that is in this amendment and threatening our colleagues with loss of their Forest Service funds or loss of jobs. Let me remind all of my colleagues, this money comes from the general administration fund. It can come from general belt tightening, and it will come from travel. But we also have the commitment from the chairman of the Appropriations Committee to work within the confines of the conference committee to come up with a reasonable offset. Again, because of the way that the amendments have come forward on this floor, we had to put in the offset the way it is, but it will be worked out in conference.  Let me go back to why this issue is so critical at this time. Last year, this Congress passed a rider on the rescissions bill that went too far. It allowed trees, such as shown right here, a tree that is 8 foot in diameter, to be cut down regardless of environmental laws and without public input. This tree is more than 250 years old. This tree will not be replaced in the lifetime of my grandchildren, my great-grandchildren, or my great-great-grandchildren.  Mr. President, these are the trees that, without adoption of my amendment, will continue to come down in forests across the Pacific Northwest. That is not what the intent of this Congress was, I hope, last summer, but it is the result and it needs to be stopped.  This debate is also about logging that occurs without regard to environmental impact. Without the adoption of my amendment, these types of logging disasters will occur where slides come down, block our rivers and streams and do tremendous damage to our salmon and our trout and our wildlife that inhabit these areas, much less to flooding that occurs in the Northwest because of harvesting such as this.  Mr. President, do not just take my word for this. We have received editorials from across the West, and I ask unanimous consent to have them printed in the Record.  