 President, the amendment that I am offering to the fiscal year 1997 Department of Defense authorization bill--and I am offering it on behalf of myself, Senator Snowe, Senator Simon, Senator Lautenberg, Senator Robb, Senator Moseley-Braun and Senator Kennedy--is very simple. It strikes language adopted in last year's defense authorization and appropriations bills that would prohibit privately funded abortions from being performed at overseas military hospitals. This ban places women stationed overseas in an unsafe and unfair situation and blatantly restricts their constitutional right to choose.  Women in our armed services sacrifice each and every day to serve our country. They should receive our utmost respect, honor, and gratitude. They certainly do not deserve to be told they must check their constitutional rights at the door when they are stationed overseas. My amendment protects their precious rights and ensures their safe access to quality medical services.  Mr. President, let me just say a few things about my amendment to clear away any confusion that may exist.  First, this amendment simply restores previous DOD policy. From 1973 to 1988, a woman stationed overseas was allowed to obtain an abortion if she paid with private, nondefense funds. Likewise, this was DOD policy from 1993 till 1996. This is not some radical new idea. Quite the contrary, in fact. This law was in place for almost two full terms of the Reagan White House.  We have had many debates on the floor of this Senate over the past 2 years about abortion, about Federal funding, about Federal workers, about Medicaid. Let me be very clear, this issue is different. My amendment simply ensures the same rights for women in our armed services enjoyed by every other woman in this country.  This amendment is merely an effort to return us to the policy of the past which protected women stationed in a foreign country from having to seek medical care from inexperienced or inadequately trained personnel. It is dangerous and unnecessary and just plain wrong to put these women, who are serving our country overseas, at risk.  Furthermore, my amendment does not force anyone to perform an abortion at a military facility.  Currently, all departments of the military function under a conscience clause which states that medical personnel do not have to participate in an abortion procedure if they have a religious, moral, or ethical objection.  This amendment preserves that important conscience clause. Most importantly, Mr. President, it deals only with an individual's private funds. The 104th Congress has spent almost 2 years trying to return flexibility and authority to States. But under the fiscal year 1996 DOD bill, we have a fundamental inconsistency. We have a problem telling our States how to spend their money, but women in our own military are not afforded that privilege.  Mr. President, I remind my colleagues that a woman stationed overseas does not always have the luxury of access to safe and quality medical care other than at the military hospital on her base. It is dangerous to force her to seek medical care in the local area. We are sending our women in uniform to the foreign back alley. And that is wrong.  My amendment seeks to prevent our women in uniform from having to make a very difficult and potentially dangerous, life-threatening choice. My amendment seeks to restore our women in uniform, women stationed overseas, a right they have had for most of the last 23 years. My amendment seeks to protect the constitutional rights of our women in uniform. They sacrifice every day for every single one of us, and we owe them that much. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. I withhold the balance of my time.  