 President, I rise today in full support of teams and yet, must voice my concerns with the proposed TEAM Act. It is very difficult not to support the initial goals of S. 295.  Who doesn't want cooperation between employees and their managers? I have met with countless companies from across Washington State who have boasted of increased productivity and efficiency from these teams. Their results have been impressive and have encouraged initiative and employee participation.  However, these cooperative partnerships are currently in place and functioning without disruption. Teams today, throughout my State and across American are succeeding and thriving. In fact, 96 percent of large employers and 75 percent of all employers report using such teams and employee involvement programs. These facts lead to my confusion over the need for additional legislation.  Employee committees, work teams, and quality circles that discuss questions of efficiency, productivity, quality, and work practices are currently allowed. Nothing prevents these teams from existing today and their growing popularity in corporations everywhere is proof of their strong existence.  I am most concerned about the delicate balance between management and employees established by the National Labor Relations Act and enforced by the National Labor Relations Board. This board has been charged with investigating possible section 8(a)(2) violations which have averaged just three violations per year for the last 22 years. In fact 20 years ago, the NLRB ruled against 29 section 8(a)(2) violations. Last year, the NLRB ruled against just 24 violations. There is no growing trend to stop these partnerships. There are no attempts by the NLRB to seek out and prevent these law-abiding employee-employer teams.  These cases can be compared to the 7,478 cases in 1995 which forced employers to hire back unlawfully discharged employees and the 8,987 cases last year in which employers had to provide employees back pay.  I wholeheartedly support the cooperation fostered through teams in companies both large and small. Washington State has witnessed enormous benefits from these employee committees that discuss issued from efficiency to quality of life. Let's continue this cooperation without tipping the scale and sacrificing workplace democracy.  If the employer chooses committee representatives to discuss issues of wages and hours, we will lose the entire management-employee balance. Mr. President, I have spoken with Secretary Reich about this issue after several meetings with concerned Washington State companies. I am confident that the teams now in place will remain in place and continue to prosper.  Let's maintain this current system, which is working, without jeopardizing these critical relationships.  