 President, I rise today in opposition to the motion by the Senator from Ohio, and in support of full access to reproductive health care, including abortion services, for civil servants.  Last year, as my colleagues know, this Congress denied women who are civil servants from participating in health insurance plans which cover abortion services. This overturned previous policy, which allowed these women--like millions of women employed in the private sector--access to complete reproductive health care.  Mr. President, major health insurers such as Blue Cross/Blue Shield provide this coverage for women in private sector jobs across the country. It is approved of by a majority of the American public. By denying the same options for Federal employees, we set a different standard for millions of women. Nine million Americans are covered by the Federal Health Benefits Program, and none of them should be denied access to complete reproductive health care services. It sends the message that public servants do not have the same rights as private sector workers, and that is wrong.  Civil servants are no different that any other American. They are regular people: secretaries, engineers, maintenance workers, and caseworkers. Why should they be treated any differently than other workers? They pay for their premiums and deductibles like everyone else, and they should be allowed the same options as other women in this country. Civil servants are being asked to do tougher and tougher jobs with the downsizing of our Federal government--and are stepping up to the task. They should not be required to make further sacrifices simply because they are an easy target for those in Congress who would outlaw abortions all together.  Mr. President, we have all heard the stories of women who were forced into very difficult situations as soon as this policy was enacted this year. We heardabout Susan Alexander who wanted to have the child she was carrying, but found out gross fetal deformities made her child's development ``incompatible'' with life, and threatened her life as well. Her doctors all recommended terminating her pregnancy for medical reasons. Unfortunately, she and her husband were shocked to find that her insurance policy no longer covered what turned out to be a very complicated and expensive procedure, performed to protect her life.  Mr. President, we know there are other women out there like Susan Alexander who have been directly affected by the decision made in this body last year. We know that to continue this policy will have a serious and tangible impact on women's health. Therefore, it is irresponsible to continue to deny women access to a full range of health care services because Congress has turned the health care choices of women into a political football.  Make no mistake about it, we are once again confronted with an attempt to deny women the rights they now hold. Women have the legal right of choice in this country, and the majority in this country support that right. This policy is micro-management of the worst kind, and it is wrong. The U.S. Congress should not be making reproductive health choices for Federal workers. Nor should it discriminate against Federal workers who choose to have an abortion.  By denying civil servants health coverage for abortion services, Congress does just that. It continues to force Federal employees and their families to purchase separate insurance to cover reproductive health services. It continues to add financial considerations to a very time-sensitive, personal decision. And, above all, it reinforces the message to civil servants that the same rules do not apply to them. Their health is subject to the political winds of Congress.  Mr. President, this is not reasonable to expect of people who are dedicated to serving the public good. I commend Senator Boxer for her vigilance and dedication on behalf of women everywhere, and thank her for her leadership in protecting the rights of civil servants. Once again, I urge my colleagues to reject this motion.  