Speaker, please allow me to express my sincerest gratitude to UAW President Ron Gettelfinger for his leadership during this extraordinary moment of transition for the U.S. auto industry. His strength, composure, intellect, and resolve have turned a new day for this bedrock U.S. industry.  Ronald A. Gettelfinger, born August 1, 1944, was elected to his first term as president of the UAW at the 33rd Convention in 2002. He was elected to a second term on June 14, 2006, at the UAW's 34th Convention in Las Vegas. A son of the midwest, Ron Gettelfinger is a 1976 graduate of Indiana University Southeast in New Albany, Indiana.  He began his union involvement in 1964 in Louisville, Kentucky, at the Louisville Assembly Plant run by Ford Motor Company while working as chassis line repairman.  The workers at Ford's Louisville Assembly plant elected Gettelfinger to represent them as committeeperson, bargaining chair and president. He was elected president of local union 862 in 1984. In 1987, he became a member of the Ford-UAW bargaining committee. Afterwards, he held other positions: director of UAW Region 3 and the UAW chaplaincy program. For six years he served as the elected director of UAW Region 3, which represents UAW members in Indiana and Kentucky, before being elected a UAW vice president in 1998.  Ron has been an outspoken advocate for national single-payer health care in the United States. Under his leadership, the UAW has lobbied for fair trade agreements that include provisions for workers' rights and environmental provisions; and the union has loudly criticized what it calls ``the corporate global chase for the lowest wage which creates a race to the bottom that no workers, in any country, can win''.  Mr. Gettelfinger's leadership of the UAW has led to a more competitive American auto industry. His stalwart and trustworthy negotiations gave new hope to a beleagured industrial sector.  The U.S. auto industry, long the backbone of the American economy, reached an important milestone last week--and I think this accomplishment did not get the coverage that it deserved.  The respected J.D. Power & Associates initial quality study revealed that U.S. automakers defeated the imports in what the L.A. Times calls ``a key benchmark of quality.''  That's right. The American automakers are Number One again.  It has been a long, tough road, but they have gotten the job done--and they did it in extremely difficult circumstances.  This achievement involved a lot of sacrifice and a good measure of ``tough love,'' but it has paid off. A cornerstone industry of the American economy has turned the corner.  We congratulate the UAW, because a lot of people--including Members of this body--said it couldn't be done. A lot of people said the automakers weren't worthy of our support. A lot of people wrote them off--and the hundreds of thousands of jobs that the auto industry supports in this country.  Truly, the autoworkers, auto dealers, parts suppliers--and all the people who support this giant industry--deserve our commendation.  Mr. Speaker, this has never happened before. In the quarter of a century that J.D. Power quality surveys have been conducted, the U.S. automakers never defeated the foreign competition. Until this year.  As a J.D. Power official told the L.A. Times: ``This is a landmark in the quality history of the auto industry.'' He got that right. It is a landmark event, and it's a landmark event with great implications for our nation.  The day when the buying public regarded imported cars as superior to American cars? It's over.  The American automakers have been steadily closing the gap on their foreign competition for several years. And this year, they finally passed them.  If you want quality, buy American. Take it from J.D. Power.  There is still a lot of work ahead, but make no mistake: the American carmakers are back. Our confidence in them and their workers has been rewarded.  And Ron Gettelfinger, as he officially retires, can be confident his life made a difference to millions and millions of others, and to communities across our nation that depended on him to lead his great union into a new era for the U.S. auto industry.  Thank you, Ron, for your effort, your service, your patriotism and your achievements. May God bless you and yours in the coming years.  