Speaker, I rise in support of affordable health insurance for all Americans.  I rise in support of this historic legislation because affordable health care is really about life--about a healthier and more secure life for all Americans.  This is about life--the life of a senior who can't afford prescription drugs, or a mother carrying a new life waiting to be born.  This legislation says every American has the right to the dignity of a healthy life. Nothing more, nothing less. Its promise is true for all citizens, of all ages, from all walks of life. In that respect, it is profoundly American.  It is most certainly about the millions of citizens in our nation who run small businesses and about their employees--who after all these years comprise over half the uninsured in our nation. These businesses embody the hopes and dreams of life in America. They are the engines of job growth, but after all these decades, they are treated like second class citizens.  This bill is about women and children--the millions of women who have no health care and the millions of children who are born frail and weak because their mothers have no access to prenatal care and their fathers have no insurance. The March of Dimes tells us that every year, more than half a million American children are born underweight, one out of every eight children born premature, malnourished, and so many with disability. That should not happen in America. Our nation's insurance programs aren't meeting the market nor the promise of America.  This legislation will help millions of women obtain health coverage and thus reduce abortion by enhancing broad coverage options for women's and children's health. It will vastly improve preventive care, more than double funds available to community health centers (including obstetric and gynecological care), and move America fully into this 21st century. No woman, no woman--including poor women, pregnant women, working women, single women, and nursing women--will be denied health insurance coverage.  Mr. Speaker, the best anti-abortion bill we can pass is one that gives women and children a real chance through health insurance coverage that allows fragile life to come to term. This bill does that. It gives hope, to every family, to every woman to every child yet to be born. It says you have a right to be born. It provides for prenatal care during a woman's pregnancy, preventive care for newborns, funding to help pregnant and parenting teens and college students with assistance for basic necessities, as well as adoption tax credits. No family, no mother, no father will ever have to question again whether they can afford to bring a conceived child to term  This bill is about a better life for seniors, too. By closing the doughnut hole, it makes sure they can afford the medicine they need to live healthy, independent lives.  As the costs of insurance have risen, emptying the wallets of our neighbors, almost one in three Americans (87 million of our fellow citizens) went without health insurance for some period last year. We can do better in America.  There is so much shifting in the marketplace, it is becoming less stable and reliable. Thousands more of our citizens are losing their insurance because they have lost their jobs as the unemployment epidemic rages throughout our nation.  Even those with insurance, no matter how expensive or robust it might be, learn their coverage is not guaranteed nor continuous nor quality. Millions of hardworking Americans are denied coverage; charged an impossibly higher rate, or discriminated against because of a pre-existing condition. Family employer-sponsored health insurance increased 119 percent over the last decade. Small business premiums alone have risen 129 percent. Without reform, rates are projected to increase to $23,842 on average by 2020. This simply cannot continue; the system is broken.  I can identify with the tens of millions of our fellow citizens who have no health insurance, over half of whom are either small business owners or their employees. When my brother, Steve, and I were growing up, our beloved, hardworking father, ``Kappy,'' had three heart attacks. He made the gut-wrenching decision to sell our small family market to go to work in an auto plant for one reason: to get health insurance for his wife, Anastasia, and their two children. He didn't even care about himself. I shall never forget that piercing experience: it is the story of millions upon millions of our fellow citizens excluded, priced out or eliminated from the insurance market place. In our parents' memory, the best jobs bill I can vote is one that takes the health insurance anxiety off the backs of small businesspeople across our nation. I do so today in our parents' memory.  I have listened closely to the concerns of citizens in Ohio's Ninth Congressional District. There is passion on both sides. Some claim this legislation is unconstitutional. I respectfully disagree. To accept that argument is to say that Social Security is unconstitutional, or Medicare is unconstitutional, or veterans' benefits are unconstitutional, or the interstate highway system is unconstitutional. I believe that argument would tear apart the fabric of our Republic.  Affordable health insurance reform is necessary to provide greater competition among available plans to cut the costs of doing business, reduce the share of government expenditures spent on health care, help our companies to be more competitive in the world market, unleash the entrepreneurial talents of the American people, and give peace of mind to the middle class, our seniors and others that everything they have worked for will not be taken away if they get sick.  I have been touched by stories from constituents and I rise today in support of this historic bill for them:  David owns a small business. In 1999, he offered health insurance to his 15 employees. Over the course of the next decade, his insurance premiums skyrocketed and he had to let some employees go. By 2007 he was down to three employees and could no longer provide insurance for them--or himself. Now uninsured, he recently suffered a heart attack. Health care expenses forced him to file for bankruptcy. Sad to say, his case is not all that unusual--health care costs are the leading cause of bankruptcy in America.  Jeff changed jobs and was required to obtain different health insurance while his wife was mid-term in a pregnancy. The pregnancy was high risk, the birth was problematic, and the insurer, a ``health maintenance organization,'' an HMO, denied coverage not only for the mother's labor and delivery, but also their baby's conditions at birth.  Lillian will reach her allowable Part D private drug plan coverage in March. She cannot afford to pay for her medicines, so she never climbs out of the ``doughnut hole'' to obtain coverage again. As a result, she will quit taking her prescription drugs for nine months, until the new year starts. As a result, she has been hospitalized.  Mary has suffered from bipolar disorder since her twenties. She is now in her fifties. She is married, with a family. She has experienced many exacerbations of her illness and resulting hospitalizations. She reached the insurer's lifetime maximum when in her early forties. Since then, her family has had to pay her expenses.  Susan is the director of a nonprofit organization that serves homeless families. The organization offers health insurance to employees, but the premium increase this year was 49%. Now the agency must choose between dropping insurance as an employee benefit or reducing services to the vulnerable families it serves. Meanwhile, the insurer posted record profits last year.  Bob and Catherine were married for 53 years and raised six children. Catherine developed a chronic debilitating illness which worsened over time. Bob took care of her at home for nine years, using all of their savings and having to sell their house.  Cassandra is a12-year-old girl with juvenile diabetes. Since her diagnosis as a toddler, her parents have been unable to obtain health care coverage even though they could afford to pay for it. They must pay all her health expenses out of pocket. They live in a small apartment.  Aaron is 14. He has a failing liver and has needed a liver transplant for five years. His mom could not work because she had to care for him. The family has no health care coverage. Though the hospital absorbed much of the cost for his care and treatment, the family held fundraisers through the years to pay for his transplant and the health care which has subsequently followed. All of us are familiar with the spaghetti dinners, and benefit dances, and silent auctions to help families in similar circumstances. Heroic compassionate people rise to the occasion in communities across our nation, but often it simply is not enough.  For too long, the health of our nation has dwindled--indeed the U.S. ranks behind over a dozen major nations in health outcomes--while the pockets of the insurance giants have thickened. Insurance companies raise rates and deny coverage to pay their CEOs excessive salaries and bonuses. WellCare and Aetna's executives, for example, received between $18 and $23 million dollars alone in 2008. Despite wanting to increase premiums recently for individuals by 39 percent, WellPoint's executives, which is an insurance provider in the state of Ohio where I represent, received over $8.6 million.  Our seniors have compromised prescription drugs for necessary groceries, while the insurance and pharmaceutical industries have made record profits. Hard working familieshave watched their savings plummet and their homes foreclosed after unexpected illnesses. Women with breast cancer, men with heart disease and children with leukemia or childhood diabetes have been flat-out denied health insurance coverage for pre-existing conditions or reaching insurance policy caps.  With the mounting economic strain on American families and the rising costs of health insurance to workers, businesses and the federal budget, the status quo has proven itself unsustainable, fiscally irresponsible and morally unacceptable. The time has come for this historical change. The bill before us pays for itself and actually brings revenues back to the health system as a result of the combination of added competition and better use of the health dollar. I stand in support of its promise to the American people--the promise of a better and healthier life for all in this blessed land.  