One is from Stefan Wisniowski, who is the President of the Kresy-Siberia Foundation. This particular foundation is trying to virtually tell the history of the millions of Poles who were relocated during World War II from the eastern half of Poland and sent to concentration camps and labor camps in Siberia and points east as the Red Army assumed control of the eastern half of Poland. There were lives, hundreds of thousands upon thousands of lives lost.  And he writes the following: What has happened is a black day for Poland and for her children around the world, including all of us at the Kresy-Siberia Foundation who are working for the remembrance and recognition of our collective history.  Those who perished were all leaders in the nation's quest for remembrance and identity. Many were close friends of the Kresy-Siberia Foundation, and among those we have lost are two of the honorary patrons of the Kresy-Siberia Virtual Museum: Ryszard Kaczorowski, the last Polish President-in-Exile, and Janusz Krupski, Ministry for Veterans and Repressed Peoples.  Our first important backer, Mr. Maciejski, who's President of the Inota Polska, which is the Polish Union Association, who had the courage and vision to be the first major sponsor of our virtual museum and whose organization now hosts our office in Warsaw.  He also says, Janusz Kurtyka, president of the Institute for National Remembrance, who headed one of our foundation's most important partners, Andrzej Przewoznik, who's Secretary overseeing the Council for the Protection of Memory of Struggle and Martyrdom, an important friend and collaborator of the Kresy-Siberia Foundation, and of course he references President Kaczynski and his wife, Maria, who were both aware and very supportive of the foundation's efforts.  And then he recognized the scores of leaders of the Siberian Association, the Katyn Families Association, the Golgotha of the East Foundation, and all our friends and colleagues drawn to the common flame of Katyn and all lost in the flames of the presidential jet crash.  The tragic irony of this circumstance is not lost on us. Like the cream of the Polish nation murdered 70 years ago and who the presidential party was en route to commemorate at Katyn, an entire leadership group of our nation has been lost to us. Literally, the entire chiefs of staff of the Army, Air Force, Navy have all perished, along with scores of parliamentarians, government officials, religious leaders, and historical activists like us.  We Poles will recover, for as a nation we always have, but we have lost a strong core of our most passionate and historically aware patriots. We are in shock and mourning. Our thoughts and prayers are with the nation and with the families of those who lost their loved ones. May Poland and all her children around the world rally in unity at this tragic blow.  And I would hope that the United States of America would take up the gauntlet and help Poland continue the effort to remember, to restore her archival collections, to try to make and honor those who lost their lives under such horrendous circumstances over 70 years ago, and that the ground that now is sacred because of additional lives lost as well as those in the past has special meaning in the world today, and that we need to remember and we need to account for every lost life. America can help in this cause.  And another letter that was sent from Alex Storozynski, who's president and executive director of the Kosciuszko Foundation based in New York writes:  ``Dear friends,  ``As we mourn the loss of President Lech and Maria Kaczynski and their talented delegation of leaders, we must make sure that these deaths were not in vain.  ``After a coverup, the Katyn Massacre which lasted for decades, today the truth about Katyn was on television and page 1 news around the world.  ``As the anthem says, `Poland has not perished while we are alive.'  ``President Kaczynski and his Cabinet presided over a period of prosperity, and today Poland has the 18th largest economy in the world, a free press where people can speak their minds, and a stable democratic system where voters elect their leaders.  ``These are great strides made by our fatherland over the past 20 years and we should all be proud. So wherever you are, go visit a Polish Consulate, a Polish church, a Polish club, or a Polish cultural center and share your condolences. But remember to count your blessings as well.''  I thought that was a beautiful call to action here in the United States and abroad.  Congressman Donnelly, please.  