Speaker, I rise to share my major disappointment and key concerns with the so-called Wall Street reform bill that just passed this House and why I voted ``no'' on this measure. Bottom line, the bill does not fundamentally change the skewed financial power relationship between Wall Street and Main Street. That relationship has so gravely hurt our Nation.  The bill allows the Wall Street institutions to maintain their choke hold on Main Street's vitals. The big banks that have caused our economic crisis by severely abusing their privilege to create money were treated with kid gloves.  Now, the Republican leader said that the bill was like a nuclear weapon aimed at an ant. I say, the bill was a cotton ball thrown at an elephant. The bill does not even create real competition to the handful of big banks that have simply become too big and controlling.  Indeed, the bill allows them to keep their vaulted positions with a few modifications to their business practices. It will take years for regulators to sort out and apply, if ever, the mild provisions in the bill. And there are so many loopholes you could read the bill for another year to find them all. A Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at the Federal Reserve cannot compensate for a banking system that is, at its heart, terribly misformed. Time will prove this view correct.  A handful of big banks--Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Bank of America, Citicorp, Wells Fargo, HSBC and Morgan Stanley--have so harmed the vast majority of other financial institutions on Main Street that these smaller institutions, which comprise the majority that are still left, are being penalized big time by having to pay exorbitant additional insurance fund fees to the regulators to prop up the losses of the big banks that have so harmed the whole financial architecture of our country. That's why lending remains seized up coast to coast. It's why over 84 more banks have folded this year. And while this is happening for the remains that are left, then the big six go in and gobble up what's there.  The bill basically grandfathers the too big to fail big banks that have grown even more unwieldy as the financial crisis has deepened. Today they have been rewarded because they're even growing bigger. Before the crisis, they controlled one-third of the assets of this country. Astoundingly, they now control two-thirds of the assets of our Nation. Can you imagine a handful of banks with that much power? The bill does absolutely nothing about that. It kind of looks the other way. One cannot call this structure free market competition. One has to call it oligopolistic control of our financial marketplace.  If you're feeling the pain because you lost your home or you're about to lose your home or you lost your job or you lost some of your pension or you lost some of your IRA, you know who to blame. Their bad behavior has hurt all the other banks in this country and, in fact, other nations and people around the world. For shame.  But as a result of their concentration of power in the hands of far too few, it is expected that 20 million American families will lose their homes, 2.4 million more Americans this year. Unemployment rates remain stuck too high, and our economy is not producing the jobs it should because lending has seized up across this Nation. People are losing more equity and their savings, yet Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Citigroup, Bank of America, Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo, HSBC, they're doing just fine, making billions and billions in profits and taking bigger and bigger bonuses to boot.  This bill didn't even recoup those bonuses to help pay for the cost of housing modifications for Americans who stand to lose their most important asset this year, their equity.  The arrogant power of the big banks is demonstrated by their interconnectedness, when you saw Goldman Sachs and AIG kind of bail one another out. And it's a perfect example of why too big to fail is too big to exist. They are very clever, and they command inordinate power, so much market power that they ignore the laws for themselves when it is convenient.  Banks are doing more than just banking. In fact, they are speculating with our money. They just can't help themselves. They take a dollar and turn it into a hundred or more.  