Speaker, and thank my colleagues who are joining us this evening, including Congressman Joe Donnelly of Indiana, as we begin this special order commemorating the Polish Nation during its days of deepest mourning and the magnificent people of that country.  As we speak here tonight in this hour, in my home district of Toledo, Ohio, the Polish community has gathered for a memorial mass that began at St. Adalbert's Catholic Church at 6:30 p.m. They and we here tonight are united in solidarity with our Polish brothers and sisters halfway around the world.  The Americans gathered tonight here in Congress, and in my home community, and the 9 million Americans of Polish descent across our Nation, in places as far flung as Chicago, Detroit, New York, Toledo, Las Vegas, in places like Pittsburgh and Philadelphia, and indeed in Colorado and Texas, from coast to coast Americans are united in our mourning and in the encouragement that we wish to share with the people of Poland in these dark hours.  Today the House passed unanimously House Resolution 1246, originally introduced by Congresswoman Kathy Dahlkemper of Erie, Pennsylvania, another community with thousands of Polish Americans. And for that passage, the ambassador from Poland, Ambassador Robert Kupiecki, sat in the gallery as each vote ticked off. And it passed overwhelmingly, with over 400 votes. That was an exceptionally emotional moment for me, as we as a Nation mourn the death and terrible loss of life that the Nation of Poland is bearing.  The resolution expresses its deepest sympathies to the people of Poland and the families of those who perished for their profound loss. The resolution expressed strong and continued solidarity with the people of Poland and all persons of Polish descent, and expressed unwavering support for the Polish Government as it works to overcome the loss of many of its key officials. And we know that Poland will prevail.  It is important to place on the record also that the plane that crashed in the Katyn Forest, an area that embraces the collective tragedy of Poland's precious leaders. In the most morbid of ironies, the doomed plane was flying to Russia to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the Katyn massacre, when more than 22,000 Polish officers, intellectuals, leaders from all walks of life were summarily murdered at the hands of Joseph Stalin and the Soviet Army in and around Katyn Forest during World War II. Their bodies were buried and the truth hidden for seven decades. That is the truth of their slaughter. That history still must be made whole.  And I know that on May 5, in a strange twist of fate, at the Library of Congress, with the help of the Kosciuszko Foundation, there had been planned a special all-day seminar, which will continue, on the Katyn massacre. I think that it will be even more well attended than was originally anticipated. We thank the Library of Congress, its director, James Billington, and the Kosciuszko Foundation from New York for their presence and their leadership in this effort.  Before I turn to my colleagues who are on the floor tonight, let me just read a brief poem called ``Buttons'' by Zbigniew Herbert. What it talks about is the original Katyn massacre and how little is known about it in the outside world, and what a responsibility we have to document what happened there. The poem is brief, but it reads as follows:  They come from depths upon the surface  The only tribute on their graves.  They are attesting God will count  Extend his mercy upon them.  But how to raise from the dead  If they're a clammy piece of earth.  A bird flew over, a cloud is passing  A leaf is dropping, a mallow grows  Heavens above are filled with silence  The Katyn Forest smokes with fog.  Only the buttons did not yield  Powerful voice of silenced choirs,  Only the buttons did not yield  Buttons from coats and uniforms.  I would like to yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Donnelly) who was proudly here today to cast his vote for the resolution for such time as he may need.  