I thank him for his leadership on jobs in America all the time.  I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2039 when it comes to a vote later today, the Made in America Promise Act, which applies the provisions of the Buy America Act that already apply to the executive branch to the legislative branch, the Congress. It is apparent to all America that we are facing a daunting job deficit.  Over 14.9 million people still are out of work. Moreover, in 2009, our Nation racked up a trade deficit of $375 billion, and this year it's likely to be double that, with more imports coming into our Nation than exports going out. For every billion dollars of trade deficit, we lose a minimum of 10,000 more jobs.  Without this mammoth trade deficit, our economy this year would have grown 5 percent. Instead, growth was readjusted downward to 1.5 percent, a huge 3-point drop, and the worst growth rate since 1947, because trade deficits matter.  For America to address this job gap, our unconscious Nation must develop a consciousness to make it in America again, because production here equals jobs in America. That consciousness must begin here in Congress in the highest law-making branch of our Nation.  This bill applies the Buy America provisions to the legislative branch. To illustrate, just in perusing the gift shops that tourists come through in the House and Senate--and even the new congressional visitors center--look what we found, Chinese calculators, it says here on the lower United States Senate, but then look where it's made--China. There are umbrellas from China, a children's briefcase, evenwith a symbolic seal from the Philippines, and an elephant piggy bank from Indonesia. We couldn't buy everything they displayed, but let me tell you, there was no consciousness that Congress should be supporting goods made in America, here at the highest lawmaking branch of our country.  How can Congress expect to strengthen American industry and create American jobs if it itself is not buying American-made goods? If there is one place in our country that should showcase items made in the U.S.A., it is right here in the Congress. How can the American people trust Congress to be responsible if it is selling goods that create jobs in other places, not here in America?  That is why H.R. 2039 was introduced in the first place, because we must employ at this time of high unemployment every opportunity to help turn our economic ship of state in a positive direction. This bill creates a clear standard. It says we must change our practices. It says we must restore manufacturing in America.  It begins to do this by raising the consciousness of our Nation that the legislative branch of our Federal Government steps forward to say it is time to make goods in America again. That is where new jobs will come from.  Under the Buy America Act, current law states that the Federal Government, but not the legislative branch, must buy American-made products. But when this bill passes, the Congressional Made in America Promise Act will apply the Buy America Act to Congress.  In addition, when dealing with any product bearing an official insignia of the House, the Senate and the Congress, H.R. 2039 will prohibit the exceptions of not purchasing American goods if they are inconsistent with the public interest, not made in sufficiently available commercial quantities, or under the price of $2,500. This means the only exceptions will be if the goods produced here are unreasonable in cost or not used in the United States.  This Congress has taken steps to close tax loopholes that reward large corporations that outsource business and jobs overseas. We are providing tax credits to help small businesses hire new employees and sell their products and innovation overseas, but we need to do more. Congress must lead by example.  I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2039, help create jobs in America, help rebuild American industry by building in America once again. Vote for the Made in America Promise Act.  