And with Speaker Mollohan in the Chair this evening, the people of the Buckeye State of Ohio extend our deepest sympathies to the State of West Virginia, to the Byrd family, to all of the staff that served this truly remarkable human being and American, Senator Robert Byrd.  There's a great piece of music called ``Ode to the Common Man'' by Aaron Copeland, and as I'm saying these words this evening, I think of that music and of Senator Byrd's remarkable life. He truly was a wise man of the Legislative branch who belonged to the American people. He gave his life to us. His road had been a hard scrabble one from the very beginning. He's the kind of American that walked a tough road, who when he came here to serve, he never forgot people who came from backgrounds like his.  I had the great joy of serving with him on the Appropriations Committee. And being one of the few women that have ever served on that committee, when I arrived there in the 1990s, I can remember him sitting across from me at a conference committee, kind of looking over his glasses with a glint in his eye at this woman who was a bit younger than he was. He exhibited a great sense of welcome with also some surprise that indeed history in America was changing.  I respected and liked him so very, very much. And I appreciated his kindness to me. He loved history. I hold in my possession an autographed copy from him of ``The Roman Republic and the Rule of Law'' of the Senate of that era.  I loved speaking with him. I loved being on a program with him a few years ago with Leo Gerard, president of the Steelworkers, and listening to Senator Byrd deliver an impassioned speech about the American worker. He was such an exemplary representative for the working men and women of this country.  His intellect, his humor, his knowledge of the rules and history, his love of this institution and respect for it, and his passion, his passion on every issue that he handled. He had so much to teach all of us.  I happen to be a Democrat. He was a real Democrat. He set the pointer on a compass and that needle to represent all people.  He was a gentleman, he was civil, he was enlightened, he worked so hard. I can remember his telling a story about working on the railroads as a young man. That hard work and that sense of honor he carried with him through his entire service of over a half a century to the people of our country.  I will end with saying, as I think of ``Ode to the Common Man,'' that the enormous courage that he displayed in the last years of his life is a lesson to us all. He continued to serve, despite illness, despite difficulty, his doggedness, his determination--he truly was an heroic American. I personally shall miss him very, very much.  I thank the people of the State of West Virginia for continuing to send him to this Congress. He made us all better by serving with him. He built a better and more humane America. He was loved by this membership. We wish him Godspeed, and eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord.  I thank the gentleman from West Virginia for allowing me this time tonight to pay tribute to a great and good man and Senator for the ages. In knowing him, we have walked with history, and are grateful.  