 President, we just adopted, I understand by UC, a sense-of-the-Senate resolution that relates to Jackson-Vanik. With the permission of my colleagues, I would like to speak to that for just a few minutes.  The sense-of-the-Senate resolution proposed by Senator Grassley reinforces a commitment that I support, which is to extend all efforts to expand our relationship with Russia.  Russia has taken very significant steps toward working with NATO, cooperating with us against terrorism in central Asia and the north Caucasus, providing a stable world oil market, and opening up its domestic markets.  But we have to keep in mind that while Russia, under President Putin, is moving toward greater acceptance of the rule of law, free trade, and a market economy, it is not there yet.  It hopes to join the World Trade Organization, it is seeking foreign investment, and it is working to revise its legal and business structures toward those ends. But it still falls by the wayside on significant points.  Most visibly, on March 1 of this year, Russia imposed an unexpected and arbitrary embargo on imports of U.S. chicken parts, causing serious grief and economic loss to an industry.  Now, chickens and chicken parts are a multibillion-dollar industry, bigger than most of the industries in most of your States. And it is a big deal in my State.  While I appreciate the worldwide problems of finding common health standards, the timing, as well as the arbitrary and sudden imposition of Russia's ban, indicates that political and financial reasons, not the claimed health reasons, were the cause. They came up with a specious argument.  After some intense negotiations and the President basically telling the Russians, ``Hey, look, if you want to play in the world of international trade, you have to play by the rules. You have to be fair''--they went ahead and ``lifted'' the embargo, which was specious from the outset. When they lifted the embargo, though, they lifted it only in principle. The Russian bureaucracy, with or without the approval of the central authorities, continues to delay and limit imports of chicken parts.  Let me explain what I mean. You have to have an importer in Russia to accept the chickens when they get there. They changed the law, and said no more embargo, but--guess what--all importers have to get new licenses. Now we cannot ship from Delaware, Allen Chickens or Perdue Chickens or Tyson Chickens, any chicken parts to Russia unless we are sending them to someone who is going to accept them.  You have to have an importer's license. Guess what. If you lift an embargo, but if you limit or do not give a license to somebody with whom I can deal, then I am still out of the market.  Now, Russian officials and Russian parliamentarians and members of the Russian Senate are very frank with me in my meetings. They have said that the reason this is the way it is, is pure bribery--pure, unadulterated bribery and that the oligarchs have a piece of the action.  There are only a couple of chicken outfits in Russia. I am serious, I am not joking about this. As long as imported chicken parts do not come in, the price of chicken goes up. The oligarchs, who own and purchase those chickens, those chicken dealers--what happens? make money. As long as they can keep this dragging on, they are making money.  So, in my view, it is possible that this isn't something that is being coordinated at the highest levels. But the bottom line is that responsible governments have to react.  Last year, Russia imported $630 million worth of chickens from the United States--8 percent of all U.S. poultry exports. Russian suppliers have not been able to fill that gap, and as a result, many Russian consumers, mostly pensioners who cannot afford the higher prices for Russian chicken, are suffering. Right now, other countries are moving in to take over this lucrative market from our own U.S. suppliers. This move is a direct contradiction to Russia's professed desire to join the world community of fair trade practices and a slap at our efforts to work with Russia in gaining accession into WTO.  As everyone in this Chamber knows, I am a strong supporter of good relations with Russia and its President, the first leader since Peter the Great to look as far west as he has.  I support and commend every effort the administration is making to support good working relations with Russia, including the discussion that will start in Moscow tomorrow.  I met with Condoleezza Rice before they left for an extended period of time to discuss this. I am chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. I have been one of the guys criticized on this floor for being too supportive of Russia. But before I can support taking steps, of any form, to lift trade limits on Russia, I want to make sure they have their act in order, and make sure Russia's commitment to fair and open trade and the rule of law is in the works.  Now, look, let me make something clear to you: You put a ban on American chicken. You then lift the ban. You then make it difficult or impossible to get a license to move in, but you give other people licenses to move in. We lose the market.  This is not like the drug companies in the State of my friend from New Jersey, or the drug companies in my State of Delaware. If they put a ban on our stuff, we have patents, so they can't get it from anywhere else. We don't lose the market. We lose the profit margin. We lose the market temporarily, but we don't lose it permanently.  This is a big deal. This is a multibillion-dollar deal, over time, to us. So I want to let everybody know, I can either be Russia's best friend or worst enemy. And if they keep fooling around like this, they are going to have me as their worst enemy.  This resolution expresses a sense of the Senate that supports terminating the application of Jackson-Vanik to Russia in an ``appropriate and timely manner.'' I am the guy who has been pushing that for a year--when the Russians are acting appropriately.  But I tell you what. In my view, it will only be appropriate to act on such legislation when it is clear that Russia is living up to its bilateral trade agreements and arrangements with the United States. I am not talking about trade disputes. I am not talking about legitimate trade disputes. I want them not only to live up to the letter of the law, but to the spirit of the law. Only then, only when we can be sure Russia is committed to adhering to commitments already made, should we graduate Russia from Jackson-Vanik, which in principle, I think we should.  I am convinced we will be able to do that because I am convinced that President Putin has gotten the message. And I was told personally that the President of the United States of America is going to raise this issue. Tomorrow it begins. He is going to raise this issue personally with the President of Russia.  So I will be happy, at the appropriate time, to be one of those who moves for Russia's graduation out of Jackson-Vanik. But I am not going to do that, as one Senator--and I think the chairman of the Finance Committee--unless the Russians begin to act appropriately.  I thank my colleagues for their indulgence, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  