 President, I rise in support of the Byrd amendment.  I had a conversation recently with Alexander Giacco, the former chairman of the board of Hercules, Incorporated. Mr. Giacco, although not taking a position on this amendment, impressed upon me the difficulty of wholesale organizational change, of the importance of getting such a structural upheaval right, and it is his comments which in part guide my vote this morning.  Senator Byrd has it right. Senator Byrd warned us months ago that a Department of Homeland Security was needed, but that the way to create such a massive new structure was not to rush into a new flow chart without asking questions first. The way to do this job right is to be deliberate, to be thoughtful, and to ask the tough questions about how our Federal agencies will interact so as to better protect the Nation. Senator Byrd's amendment gets us to a new Department as quickly as does the President's proposal and as does the proposal reported favorably by the Committee on Governmental Affairs in July.  It is important for us first to understand all that has been done since September 11 to boost our homeland defenses. In the 12 months since the attacks, the President and the Congress have moved with dispatch. The President created the Office of Homeland Security and selected the able Tom Ridge as its head. I was proud to work with my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee to draft the USA Patriot Act. That bill was a long overdue strengthening of our laws against terror. It increased the ability of law enforcement to share information, facilitated the sharing of information from criminal investigations, and reconsidered the wall that has in the past prevented the FBI and the CIA from working effectively together.  The FBI has expanded its terrorist threat warning system. A new five-level homeland security alert system has been created. Ninety-three antiterrorism task forces have been created in U.S. Attorney offices around the country. INS and Customs are working together to increase their cooperation in border enforcement. The FBI now provides information, on a daily basis, to terrorism task forces nationwide as well as to the CIA and the Defense Department. Director Mueller is in the process of revamping the entire FBI so that its primary focus is the prevention of terrorism. The INS and the State Department have together developed a Consolidated Consular Database, a database that includes visa information and photographs for aliens seeking entry into the U.S.  We have created an entire new agency, the Transportation Security Administration. Its sole mission is to protect the Nation' s transportation systems. TSA has deployed federal passenger screeners to 122 airports. They have hired more than 32,000 new Federal security screeners. These screeners will be in all 429 commercial airports by November 19. Ultimately, TSA will hire some 54,000 Federal passenger and baggage screener workers. This represents a wholesale change from the way the country organized its airport security systems prior to September 11.  Congress, with the leadership of Senator Byrd, has passed an emergency supplemental spending bill designed to increase the resources available to our States and localities and so the country can better prevent and respond to terror threats.  The President's proposal was developed extremely rapidly, after months of Administration claims that a Homeland Security Department was not necessary, and by a tiny number of people with little to no expertise in security matters. In contrast, the chairman of the Governmental Affairs Committee has been at this issue for over a year, Senator Lieberman rightly alerted us to the recommendations of the Hart / Rudman Commission and others even before September 11. His committee held a series of hearings over the past year to determine how best to restructure and reorganize Federal agencies so that they are best positioned to respond to terror.  It is much more important that we do this right rather than doing this quickly. Imagine the impact on our country if we get this massive job wrong. Reorganizations are hard work, and if history is any guide our first effort often needs to revisited. Modern management principles teach that the agencies and functions of the executive branch should be grouped together based on their major purposes or missions. The National Security Act of 1947 created the Department of Defense, the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council. Even this well thought out proposal has required serious congressional tinkering: Congress made further amendments to the organization of our national security agencies in 1949, 1953, 1958, and in 1986.  Senator Byrd's amendment builds on the work of the Committee on Governmental Affairs. The amendment retains the overall administrative structure as envisioned by the committee: six new directorates, each headed by an Under Secretary. A new Directorate of Immigration Affairs is created, and recommendations made by Senators Kennedy and Brownback to reform the INS are adopted there. The new Secretary of Homeland Security is required to submit to Congress recommendations for structuring the other five directorates. The first recommendation would be received by Congress no later than February of next year. Congress is required to take action on all of the administration's proposals by 13 months from after the legislation goes into effect. The Department would be in place in 13 months time at the latest, the same timeframe envisioned by Senator Lieberman's proposal.  The Byrd amendment gives us an orderly process under which agencies are transferred into the new Department. The Governmental Affairs bill requires that agencies are transferred to the new Department over a transition period lasting 13 months. But neither the Byrd Amendment nor the Governmental Affairs Committee's bill guarantees that a new Department will be ``up and running'' in just over a year's time. In fact, the General Accounting Office has testified that Congress should not expect ``meaningful and sustainable results'' from the new Department for at least 5 years, and perhaps as long as 10 years, due to the inherently slow nature of transitioning so many agencies into one new structure. Timing of the creating of a new Department is thus not an issue under either proposal.  Senator Byrd's proposal guarantees that the new Department will be created with increased congressional oversight over its functions. Congress will not be able to pass this bill and walk away. Rather, we will be forced to more closely scrutinize these proposals to better ensure that the new Department will function effectively. I urge my colleagues to support the Byrd amendment.  