 President, this amendment is from Senator Hatch andme. He had as much input in this as I had. Let me respond in the spirit in which I was asked to do this and explain what the Biden-Hatch amendment does and then yield to my colleague to make any additional statements.  Based on what Senator Lott has just pointed out, he has indicated that there are four basic sections to his amendment. On the first one, doubling the penalties for title 18, sections 1341 and 1343, that is exactly the same provision that is in the Biden-Hatch bill.  Secondly, making it a crime for document shredding: If I am not mistaken, that is in the Leahy amendment we just passed and that I cosponsored, as well as many others.  The third part of the amendment discussed by the Republican leader is something with which I happen to agree. It is not in either the Leahy bill just passed or in the Biden-Hatch amendment. That is the 45-day freeze on corporate executives' extraordinary income based upon the SEC being able to hold that in escrow and freeze it for 45 days while they look at it. I, for one, would be willing--I will yield to my colleague from Utah at the appropriate time--to accept that or join that in our amendment.  Fourth, the Sentencing Commission provisions that were referred to by my friend from Mississippi are in the Biden-Hatch bill. There is only one piece of the legislation of the Senator from Mississippi, as I understand it, based on the summary, that is not either already passed or included in Biden-Hatch.  But there are three areas that are not included which we think are very important. One is in section 2 of our legislation, which relates to conspiracy. Under title 18, section 371, the maximum penalty for general conspiracy to commit a crime is 5 years in prison regardless of whether the penalty for the predicate offense--that is, the thing they are conspiring to do--is considerably more than 5 years. So what Senator Hatch and I do is we allow the penalty for conspiracy to be consistent with what the penalty would be for the underlying crime; that is, the predicate crime. That is not included in the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi.  Also, a very important provision of Biden-Hatch is that right now, under ERISA, the Employment Retirement Security Act of 1974--we were both here to vote for that--under current law, a violation for essentially squandering someone's pension to the tune of tens of millions, maybe billions, of dollars is a misdemeanor with a maximum penalty of 1 year. If you were to steal an automobile from my driveway, which is about 2 miles from the Pennsylvania line, drive it across the Pennsylvania line, under Federal law, it is a 10-year sentence. There is obviously a bizarre disparity.  What we do is we increase the penalty for criminal violation of ERISA to 1 to 10 years, based upon the value of what is stolen in ERISA. If the loss in ERISA is a $20,000 pension versus several billion dollars' worth, the Sentencing Commission can make that judgment, as they do now, to have the penalty be from 1 but up to 10 years. That is not in Senator Lott's amendment.  Lastly, section 6 of Biden-Hatch. Currently, the Securities and Exchange Commission requires regulated companies to file periodic financial reports with the SEC. This section of Biden-Hatch creates a new section in title 18 of the United States Code to require certification, signed by the top officials of that corporation, that the financial reports being filed accurately reflect the financial condition of the company. Criminal penalties are created for failure to comply with this section. Reckless failure to certify--you have to be able to prove it; it is a high standard--requires a penalty of up to 5 years, while a willful failure to certify on the part of these executives includes a maximum penalty of up to 10 years.  The point is, A, everything but one provision of Senator Lott's amendment either has been passed or is in Biden-Hatch. I will yield to my colleague, but I am willing to accept the one provision that is not included. That is the provision relating to freezing payments for up to 45 days under the authority of the SEC of compensation packages that are excessive so there is time to look at it. I am willing to accept that.  It does not include three sections: Conspiracy, the ERISA increased penalties, and the requirement of certification that the financial reports accurately reflect the financial condition of the company, with penalties to prevail if in fact they either recklessly or willfully do not sign such a document or they recklessly or willfully signed it and it does not reflect what in fact they say it reflects.  That is a response to the majority leader's request of what the difference is. That is the difference.  I now yield, with the permission of my colleagues, to the Senator from Utah, and I might add, this is not original stuff of Joe Biden; this was Hatch and Biden, Biden and Hatch. He takes equal responsibility for this. If we are wrong, we are equally wrong.  I yield the floor.  