 I am about to be 60 and you just turned 70 and I don't like it. I don't like anything about this. As a matter of fact, it drives me crazy.''  As a matter of fact, Senator Kennedy, with a much more distinguished career than me, has suffered through the same illusion and delusion that I have. I got here when I was a couple days younger than he, and for the longest time I was the youngest, and all of a sudden you wake up and say, oh, my God. In my case, there are only a total of six Senators who have been here longer than me. That is equally discouraging. In his case, I think only two have been here longer than him.  This place has a way of promoting the delusion that you are still young. One thing about Ted Kennedy, having had the honor--and I mean that sincerely--of working with him for 29 years is that he is still young. He is younger, I think, than anyone in this Chamber because I have observed, as have we all, that he is still as passionate, as devoted, as committed to the notion that he can change the world as he was when he got elected at 30 years old.  My dad is in the hospital and I hope he is watching. He has an expression: ``It is a lucky man or woman who gets up in the morning, puts both feet on the floor, knows what they are about to do, and thinks it still matters.'' That said, I think Ted Kennedy may be the luckiest man I have ever known. He has no doubt. Just watch him; he knows and feels it still matters.  In his 70 years, Senator Kennedy has enjoyed and shared with us a lifetime of public service, a tradition of excellence, a family of faith and courage in the face of extraordinary tragedy, and through it all, he has shown an unrelenting resolve to keep moving, keep working, and never stop believing in the power of ideas to change the world and change this Nation. In doing so, he has seen to it, as he once said in another context, that the dream will never die.  That is Ted Kennedy. That is who he is; it is what he believes, and, I suspect, although I have just known him for 30 years, it is what he has always believed. To him, this institution, this democracy, this Chamber is about honor and tradition. It is about a legacy of hope, of a proud family, and a grateful Nation. It is about believing in the nobility of public service and passing that belief, or, as his brother said, that ``torch,'' to the next generation of Americans, as it was passed to him.  As I said, I have had the pleasure to serve with him for 29 years, to stand with him, to learn from him, to lean on him, and to watch him in action in this Chamber. I have seen him raise his voice time after time not only for his constituency but for every single American. And for those who have no choice, I have heard him shout in this Chamber, and other places, at the top of his lungs for justice. For those who have been wronged, I have heard him demand and stand fast until fairness happened. For women, for minorities, those victims of intolerance and persecution for nothing more than the color of their skin, I have seen him fight with every fiber in his body to give them more strength and a sense of equity. I have seen him exhausted, angry--a couple times at me--but I have never seen him give up or back down from what he believes is right, fair, and just.  Everybody today says Massachusetts is an automatic liberal State. I can remember when it wasn't such an automatic liberal State. I argue--and I mean this sincerely--the reason Massachusetts, in part, is the way it is is because of Ted Kennedy, for when Ted Kennedy spoke out on the things we all take for granted today--and some may say it is easy for him to do that in Massachusetts, but when he started that, that was not the overwhelming view in Massachusetts or any other State.  I argue, and I truly believe, that if anybody listening wonders whether or not one man or one woman can change the way people think, not a single vote--not a change in outcome, but change the way people look at a subject, I respectfully suggest that you look at Ted Kennedy. Ted Kennedy hasn't changed a darn thing that he has said or believed in these issues for 30 years. But the State has changed, the Nation has changed, so I remind everybody that when people say it is OK for Ted Kennedy to get up and fight for the poor, fight for African-Americans, fight for gays, fight for minorities, he can afford it. Well, he can't afford it; he made it. He made it acceptable. He made it change more than any other man or woman in this country in the last 30 years.  Madam President, I say to the people of Massachusetts and to Americans everywhere, no matter what they believe, whether they are left or right, Democrat or Republican, liberal or conservative, know that the idea of representative democracy is the very embodiment of Ted Kennedy.  I know people think because we are all his friends we are standing up and saying these nice things. Well, I will tell you, if you doubt what I am saying, or what anybody else said, after a bitter fight on this floor, after Ted Kennedy nearly breaks his desk in anger or in frustration for what is not happening, watch how passionate he is, and then watch, whether he wins or loses, how he walks across the aisle and he is greeted on the other side of the aisle with a genuine, genuine, genuine respect and friendship.  Every time I try to tell anybody, whether I am traveling in another country, or traveling in my State, or in this country and speaking with students, or with anybody talking about representative democracy, and I give you my word to this, I want to give an example of how this place is so different--and this is one of the things that has changed, unfortunately--I tell them about Ted Kennedy. I pick out the guy who has been known as the most liberal guy in the Senate, and I have watch him go against conservatives such as Orrin Hatch, and I sayafter it is all over--it used to always be like this--whether he wins or loses, he will invite the person to whom he won or lost to go with him and have a sandwich or a cup of coffee or he will invite them back to his office because the fight is over and democracy, whether it was the right decision or the wrong decision, has prevailed. He settles it and comes back to fight again the next day.  People are always amazed. Why is it that so many conservatives who work with him love Ted Kennedy? It is because he understands the deal. He is like Chris Dodd. He understands the deal. He understands that you give and you take when you make a commitment, and you make a commitment even after a while. I say this about my friend from Connecticut as well, who is one of the few people who does this, and the tables change and it becomes a political liability to stick with your word--he never approaches you and says: You know, Joe, I have a problem. He never says a word. He just does what he committed to do.  I can't tell you that in the 29, almost 30 years I have been here, how that one piece of courtesy is the thing I most regret having been diminished in this place. It used to be you could turn and say that about 80 people here. I should not be saying what I am saying, but it is true. And so the fact of the matter is, I have seen him move a concept, as others have spoken--a concept from inception to law with the skill of a surgeon. This guy is good. How does Kennedy win? How does it happen? No. 1, he is smarter than most of us. No. 2, he knows the process better than anybody. No. 3, he gives and he takes and he never, never stops; and he is always, always honorable.  If you were going to point out the persons you think would get the most done--and I do not think anybody's legislative record and accomplishments match the Senator; there are great women and men who serve here and with whom I have served over the last 30 years. But think about it. The least likely guy to have that happen is the one viewed as being the furthest on the party spectrum, not the person in the middle, the so-called--I love these new guys in the parties--centrist. One would think it would be the centrist who would get the most done.  In spite of, some might suggest, his incredibly firm convictions and sometimes being at the point of the spear, Ted Kennedy gets the most done. If one would ask Republicans, some publicly and 95 percent privately would say the single best legislator in this body--and has been for some time--is Ted Kennedy.  As I said, I have seen him move a concept from an idea to a law. In my view, he is literally the best of his generation. He is the personification of what people talk about in political science classes, about the nobility of a public servant. He makes democracy work for people he represents.  One would never know that he is 70 because he has not lost an edge at all. As a matter of fact, I remember in a different context when he was consoling me about something, he said there is life after this. And obviously he embraced it fully because ironically he has been incredibly and increasingly more productive as every year goes by, even though over 50 percent of the people here probably only served with him 6 years or so.  There are two words to describe Ted Kennedy: He is the quintessential legislator, and he is the gentleman in the Senate. His may be the one most powerful voice to echo in this Chamber for those who have not been lucky enough to have drawn that long straw. When it comes to health care and workers--others have talked about it, so I will not go into it--when it comes to children, equal rights, justice, when it comes to speaking loudly and clearly for those who are weak and small and altogether too silent, he is the one legislator who always has been on their side regardless of the fashion and regardless of the polls.  The gift Ted Kennedy has given us every day is far more than we could ever give back in 70 years or 100 years or 170 years. All we are able to really say to Ted Kennedy today is happy birthday. But I want to say one more thing--as they say in this body, a point of personal privilege.  We all have had difficult times in our lives, and I have had some difficult times in my life, relating to losses in my family and other events. But from the first time Ted Kennedy came to Delaware as a 39-year-old guy campaigning for a 29-year-old guy before 3,000 people at the final dinner in my State, he stood up and said a lot of nice things about me, but he said: My only doubt is that he may be too young, making a play on the fact that he had been as young as I was when he was elected.  The next day the Wall Street Journal ran in that column they have straight deadpan: Kennedy wonders aloud: Is Biden too young for the Senate?  Maybe he has tried to make up for that ever since then; I do not know. When my wife and daughter were killed, the first guy there was Ted Kennedy. When Ted Kennedy's mother was alive, he or she called me and invited me to bring my children and go out with them. He did not know me from Adam.  Madam President, I will not take any more time to talk about those personal things, but I want you to know they make a difference in this place. They make a gigantic difference. When some doctors told me my chances of hanging around were not all that good after a couple aneurysms, he was the guy who took the time to take the train by himself to Wilmington, DE, the guy who had nothing to do or say but just came and made himself available, hung out all day and spent 15, 16 hours at my house and in the pool with my kids, in the kitchen with my wife, talking about how this was all going to work out, and then without me knowing it, got on the train late at night and headed back and never, never said a word. He was the first guy to ever come to me when I was down in this place and sat with me when I did not want to be here after 6 months--Ted Kennedy.  He is the guy who introduced me to the gym. Ted may remember. He would come by two to three times a week to drag me out of my office. I want to tell my colleagues, I will never forget it.  Madam President, I say to my colleagues in the Senate, I want to make one closing remark. My political hero got me involved in politics. There are a lot of great men--and the two Kennedy brothers who are deceased were great--but my personal favorite is Robert Kennedy. I cannot believe there is nothing prophetic about what Robert Kennedy said in a speech and maybe somebody else mentioned this. But it seems he must have had his kid brother in mind when he said:       Our answer is the world's hope. The cruelties and obstacles      of a swiftly changing planet will not yield to the obsolete      dogmas and outworn slogans. It cannot be moved by those who      cling to a present which is already dying, who prefer the      illusion of security to the excitement and danger which comes      with even the most peaceful process. The world demands the      quality of youth, not time of life, not but a state of mind,      a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination,      predominance of courage over timidity, of appetite for      adventure over the love of ease.  He was talking about his brother. I yield the floor.  