 The Nunn-Lugar program and the several nonproliferation programs that have developed over the last decade were born in the need to secure excess weapons and dangerous materials and technology in the former Soviet Union. They have not yet fully achieved that objective, but they have accomplished far more than anybody other than Senators Nunn and Lugar foresaw a decade ago, The record of former Soviet weapons and materials secured and destroyed, and of former weapons scientists given useful and honorable work, is a testament to the importance of positive incentives in foreign and strategic policy.  Proliferation is a worldwide threat, and there are sensitive materials and technology in many countries. Section 1203 is rightly designed to permit Nunn-Lugar activities the former Soviet Union, when there are opportunities to ensure that sensitive materials will never be acquired by rogue status of terrorists.  I am pleased that Senator Lugar spoke of the need to give the President the authority to act in such cases. The current language of section 1203 could be construed to permit the Secretary of Defense to pursue such opportunities on his own, absent specific direction from the President. In my view, that might invite the Secretary of Defense to initiate sensitive foreign activities without the knowledge or support of the Secretary of State. I understand that this was not the intent of the managers, Senator Lugar, or cosponsors of this bill. Because this was clearly not the intent, I understand the managers will work to clarify the language of section 1203 in conference so as to make clear that the authority to order these operations resides in the President, not in the Secretary of Defense. That will be a very useful contribution, and I commend them for it. I understand also that the conferees will make clear that the authority to draw funds from other programs will extend only to other Department of Defense programs, and I appreciate that clarification.  I would hope that the managers of the bill would also see fit to broaden the list of receipts of the reports required by section 1203. The Foreign Relations Committees of Congress have a legitimate interest in knowing when sensitive non-proliferation programs are to be instituted overseas. I understand that this concern will be kept in mind in conference, and I thank the managers for that courtesy.  