  Was there ever a U.N. factfinding team that investigated the Syrian massacre of as many as 20,000 civilians in the city of Hama in 1982? Was the international press corps ever able to conduct their own investigations there as they are now in Jenin?  Was there ever a U.N. investigation of the genocidal Anfal campaign launched by Saddam Hussein against the Kurds in the late 1980s?  Of course not. There is a double standard when it comes to Israel. And many of those criticizing Israel today know that Israel holds itself to a higher standard than the countries I mentioned.  And Israel is saying the U.N. team is welcome as long as it has a fair mandate and agreed-upon terms of reference. If there is to be true factfinding, and not a witch hunt, then what is so unreasonable about Israel's requests?  My purpose is not to apologize for Israel. As some of you know--both in the caucus, out of the caucus, here on the floor, and in other fora--I have been very critical of some of Israel's actions.  Indeed, many Israelis have raised questions about the military operation in Jenin, including allegations of disproportionate use of force and the denial of medical and humanitarian access.  In fact, the leading Israeli newspaper editorialized yesterday that the army should conduct an internal investigation about possible gratuitous vandalism and destruction of property.  Did Israel do everything right in Jenin? In all probability, no. Did they engage in a wholesale massacre of innocent civilians? No.  How many Arab countries have the capacity for such self-examination? How many Arab countries have a supreme court that would do as the Israeli Supreme Court did to intervene to prevent the Israeli Army from removing bodies in Jenin?  We are not talking about some dictatorship or puppet regime. The Israeli Supreme Court--not an international organization--the Israeli Supreme Court intervened and said: Whoa, don't remove those bodies, army. We want to know what the facts are.  So to give this presumption that Israel intentionally massacred, and then attempted to cover up, I think is incredibly unfair and will be proven, beyond a reasonable doubt, to be wrong.  I believe we have an obligation to examine the facts before we jump to conclusions. Based on reports now coming from Jenin, it appears that far too many reached conclusions before they had the facts.  In the end, Madam President, some may choose to cling to myths in order to perpetuate hatred and conflict. Some prefer to live in the realm of fiction rather than deal with cold, hard facts. But the rest of us should not engage in such self-delusion. If my reading of the facts is correct--and it may not be--but if it is correct, then we will, in the coming days, see the Jenin massacre as the massacre that never was.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  