 President, I am extremely pleased that the Senate today is taking up S. 2487, the ``Global Pathogen Surveillance Act of 2002.'' This bill authorizes $150 million over the next two fiscal years to provide assistance to developing nations to improve global disease surveillance to help prevent and contain both biological weapons attacks and naturally occurring infectious disease outbreaks around the world.  This bill is the result of a joint effort by Senator Helms and I to act on key lessons learned during an important hearing the Foreign Relations Committee held last September on thethreat of bioterrorism and emerging infectious diseases. I am also proud that Senators Kennedy and Frist, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Public Health Subcommittee of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, are original cosponsors of this bill.  Senator Helms and I recognize all too well that biological weapons are a global threat with no respect for borders. A terrorist group could launch a biological weapons attack in Mexico in the expectation that the epidemic would quickly spread to the United States. A rogue state might experiment with new disease strains in another country, intending later to release them here. A biological weapons threat need not begin in the United States to reach our shores.  For that reason, our response to the biological weapons threat cannot be limited to the United States alone. Global disease surveillance, a systematic approach to tracking disease outbreaks as they occur and evolve around the world, is essential to any real international response.  This country is making enormous advances on the domestic front in bioterrorism defense. Mr. President, $3 billion has been appropriated for this purpose in FY 2002, including $1.1 billion to improve State and local public health infrastructure. Delaware's share will include $6.7 million from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to improve the public health infrastructure and $548,000 to improve hospital readiness in my State.  Earlier this year, the President signed into law a comprehensive bioterrorism bill drafted last fall following the anthrax attacks via the U.S. postal system. Those attacks, which killed five individuals and infected more than 20 people, highlighted our domestic vulnerabilities to a biological weapons attack. We need to further strengthen our nation's public health system, improve federal public health laboratories, and fund the necessary research and procurement for vaccines and treatments to respond better to future bioterrorist attacks. As an original cosponsor of the ``Kennedy-Frist'' bill in the Senate, I know the implementation of this new law will help achieve many of those objectives.  Nevertheless, any effective response to the challenge of biological weapons must also have an international component. Limiting our response to U.S. territory would be shortsighted and doomed to failure. A dangerous pathogen released on another continent can quickly spread to the United States in a matter of days, if not hours. This is the dark side of globalization. International trade, travel, and migration patterns offer unlimited opportunities for pathogens to spread across national borders and to move from one continent to another. Moreover, an overseas epidemic could give us our first warning of a new disease strain that was developed by a country or by terrorists for use as a biological weapon, or that could be used by others for that purpose.  How does disease surveillance fit into all of this? A biological weapons attack succeeds partly through the element of surprise. A cluster of flu-like symptoms in a city or region may be dismissed by individual physicians as just the flu when in fact it may be anthrax, plague, or another biological weapon. Armed with the knowledge, however, that a biological weapons attack has in fact occurred, doctors and nurses can examine their patients in a different light and, in many cases, effectively treat infected individuals.  Disease surveillance, a comprehensive reporting system to quickly identify and communicate abnormal patterns of symptoms and illnesses, can quickly alert doctors across a region that a suspicious disease outbreak has occurred. Epidemiological specialists can then investigate and combat the outbreak. And if it is a new disease or strain, we can begin to develop treatments that much earlier.  A good surveillance system requires trained epidemiological personnel, adequate laboratory tools for quick diagnosis, and communications equipment to circulate information. Even in the United States today, many states and localities rely on old-fashioned pencil and paper methods of tracking disease patterns. Thankfully, we are addressing those domestic deficiencies through the new bioterrorism law and substantially increased appropriations.  For example, in Delaware, we are developing the first, comprehensive, state-wide electronic reporting system for infectious diseases. This system will be used as a prototype for other states, and will enable much earlier detection of infectious disease outbreaks, both natural and bioterrorist. My congressional colleagues from Delaware and I have been working for over 2 years to get this project up and running, and we were successful in obtaining $2.6 million in funding for this project over the past 2 years. I and my colleagues have requested $1.4 million for additional funding in FY 2003, and we are extremely optimistic that this funding will be forthcoming.  It is vitally important that we extend these initiatives into the international arena. However, as many developing countries are way behind us in terms of public health resources, laboratories, personnel, and communications, these countries will need help just to get to the starting point we have already reached in this country.  An effective disease surveillance system is beneficial even in the absence of biological weapons attacks. Bubonic plague is bubonic plague, whether it is deliberately engineered or naturally occurring. Just as disease surveillance can help contain a biological weapons attack, it can also help contain a naturally occurring outbreak of infectious disease. According to the World Health Organization, 30 new infectious diseases have emerged over the past 30 years; between 1996 and 2001 alone, more than 800 infectious disease outbreaks occurred around the world, on every continent. With better surveillance, we can do a better job of mitigating the consequences of these disease outbreaks.  According to a report by the National Intelligence Council, developing nations in Africa and Asia have established only rudimentary systems, if any at all, for disease surveillance, response, and prevention. The World Health Organization reports that more than sixty percent of laboratory equipment in developing countries is either outdated or nonfunctioning.  This lack of preparedness can lead to tragic results. In August 1994 in Surat, a city in western India, a surge of complaints on flea infestation and a growing rat population was followed by a cluster of reports on patients exhibiting the symptoms of pneumonic plague. However, authorities were unable to connect the dots until the plague had spread to seven states across India, ultimately killing 56 people and costing the Indian economy $600 million. Had the Indian authorities employed better surveillance tools, they may well have contained the epidemic, limited the loss of life, and surely avoided the panic that led to economically disastrous embargoes on trade and travel. An outbreak of pneumonic plague in India this February was detected more quickly and contained with only a few deaths--and no costly panic.  Developing nations are the weak links in any comprehensive global disease surveillance network. Unless we take action to shore up their capabilities to detect and contain disease outbreaks, we leave the entire world vulnerable to a deliberate biological weapons attack or a virulent natural epidemic.  It is for these reasons that Senator Helms and I have worked together to craft the Global Pathogen Surveillance Act of 2002. This bill authorizes $150 million in FY 2003 and FY 2004 to strengthen the disease surveillance capabilities of developing nations. First, the bill seeks to ensure in developing nations a greater number of personnel trained in basic epidemiological techniques. It offers enhanced in-country training for medical and laboratory personnel and the opportunity for select personnel to come to the United States to receive training in our Centers for Disease Control laboratories and Master of Public Health programs in American universities.  Second, the bill provides assistance to developing nations to acquire basic laboratory equipment, including items as mundane as microscopes, to facilitate the quick diagnosis of pathogens.  Third, the bill enables developing nations to obtain communications equipment and information technology toquickly transmit data on disease patterns and pathogen diagnoses, both inside a nation and to regional organizations and the WHO. Again, we are not talking about fancy high-tech equipment, but basics like fax machines and Internet-equipped computers.  Finally, the bill gives preference to countries that agree to let experts from the United States or international organizations promptly investigate any suspicious disease outbreaks.  If this bill becomes law, the Global Pathogen Surveillance Act of 2002 will go a long way in ensuring that developing nations acquire the basic disease surveillance capabilities to link up effectively with the WHO's global network. This bill offers an inexpensive and common sense solution to a problem of global proportions--the dual threat of biological weapons and naturally occurring infectious diseases. The funding authorized is only a tiny fraction of what we will spend domestically on bioterrorism defenses, but this investment will pay enormous dividends in terms of our national security.  In addition Senator Helms and I have introduced a managers' amendment, which I expect will be adopted. This amendment, drafted in response to specific suggestions by executive branch departments and agencies as well as nongovernmental organizations, addresses two important objectives.  First, it ensures that priority in the provision of assistance to developing countries under the authority of this bill will be given those nations which agree to provide early notification of disease outbreaks. In the past, too many nations have sought to limit the release of information on disease outbreaks out of fear for the likely impact on their trade and tourism. In today's world, where an epidemic could be the first signs of a biological weapons attack, that type of reticence by national governments is simply unacceptable.  The amendment also stipulates that priority in assistance under this bill be assigned to those countries which agree to share with the United States data collected through its pathogen suveillance networks. Our epidemiological experts at the Centers for Disease Control and other U.S. departments and agencies are among the best in the world in analyzing such data. We should strive to create an international framework where multilateral organizations, national governments, and even private groups can examine aggregrate data on disease characteristics and symptom reports to help detect emerging patterns and provide early warning on alarming developments. In short, the more information shared under pathogen surveillance, the better protected the world is against surprise bioterrorist attacks and rapid natural epidemics.  Second, the managers' amendment makes the necessary changes to take into account the need for the quick transmission of data collected through pathogen surveillance networks to appropriately respond to local conditions. In the United States and other advanced industrial nations, disease surveillance may well operate most efficiently through Internet-based communications. In some developing countries, however, the cost of introducing new Internet links and computer equipment may be prohibitive. In those cases, leveraging existing telephone-based networks may prove a more cost-effective method in quickly relaying information such as patient reports. Under certain conditions, mobile phones may even prove a reliable tool. The managers' amendment will provide for such flexibility.  In conclusion, the fundamental premise of the Global Pathogen Surveillance Act of 2002 is that we cannot leave the rest of the world to fend for itself in combating biological weapons and infectious diseases if we are to ensure America's security. Indeed, this bill can serve as a key contribution to strengthening our homeland security. I urge the Senate to pass S. 2487 and the related managers' amendment today. 