 President, the Senate returned yesterday to an issue which, in recent years, has polarized our debate on national security and foreign policy. An amendment proposed by Senator Warner allowed the President to add $814 million to the research and development budget for missile defense, money that was not recommended by the Armed Services Committee.  It also provided the President the authority to allocate these funds to ``antiterrorism'' projects, but I have no reason to believe the President would choose this latter option.  Senator Warner's amendment was passed with a second-degree amendment by Senator Levin that emphasized that combating terrorism should be the top priority for the use of these funds, although the President could still allocate the entire $814 million to missile defense activities.  It has been my hope that the formal U.S. withdrawal from the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, an event which took place less than 2 weeks ago, would emerge as a real turning point in the debate over national missile defense. From this point forward, I fervently wish that officials of all stripes--executive and legislative, Democratic and Republican--will be freed to evaluate missile defense as we would any other major defense initiative.  The touchstone for evaluating any missile defense must be the test that the American people sent us here to propound: Will this program make the United States more secure, or less so? Will national missile defense be operationally effective under real-world conditions, or will it remain a system that no commander can rely on?  Yesterday's passage of the Warner amendment was not a final decision on the future of national missile defense, nor was it a referendum on the President's decision to withdraw from the ABM Treaty. Even if the amendment had fallen, the Senate would still have authorized $6.8 billion in fiscal year 2003 on missile defense activities, a significant sum of money of any measure.  The proponents of the Warner amendment contended that an $814 million reduction in an administration request totaling $7.6 billion would seriously hamper our Nation's efforts to move forward on missile defense. Let's take a closer look at a couple of these reductions proposed by the Armed Services Committee:  A cut of $200 million for a number of overhead activities, variously described as ``Program Operations'' or ``Systems Engineering and Integration,'' which are repeated multiple times in the administration's budget request. The administration cited this particular cut as an attempt by missile defense opponents to block the effective integration of missile defense components.  Despite repeated requests by the Armed Services Committee, however, the Missile Defense Agency never justified these duplicative requests or explained how they would fit together to enhance system integration.  A reduction of $30 million, requested by the administration for the purchase of a second Airborne Laser prototype aircraft. However, the Pentagon does not plan to test the first Airborne laser aircraft until fiscal year 2005. Doesn't it make sense to delay the purchase of a second model until you get some feedback from the testing of the initial model? After all, there are real questions regarding payload and beam stability in bad weither, which relate as much to the aircraft as to the laser.  Contrary to what missile defense advocates contended, the Armed Services Committee did not set out to destroy our national missile defense effort. If that has been their intention the committee would have cut far more than $814 million in a $7.6 billion budget.  This debate was also over priorities. How should the United States spend an extra national defense dollar: On missile defense or on other more pressing needs? In my view, when we consider underfunded antiterrorism missions, one stands out above the beyond the others.  Our first line of defense in today's world should be to ensure that rogue states and terrorists never obtain weapons of mass destruction or the materials needed to make them. We spend between $1 and $2 billion a year toward this goal. We are nowhere close to the levels recommended by numerous outside experts, including the bipartisan task force headed by Howard Baker and Lloyd Cutler a year ago, which advocated spending approximately $3 billion per year.  The committee's original reduction would still have provided funding for our missile defense efforts that was four to six times what we spend on threat reduction programs. Putting aside the overall merits of national missile defense, I ask one simple question: Why can't we show the same sense of urgency and offer the same level of resources in combating the more immediate risk to a more anonymous nuclear weapon delivered without a ballistic missile, but hidden in the hull of a ship or smuggled in the trunk of a compact car?  Were this any other weapons system but national missile defense, I doubt the Senate would have amended such a modest and sensible committee-recommended funding reduction. Major weapons programs often encounter problems. My friends on the Armed Services Committee are all too familiar with unpredictable testing schedules, skyrocketing budgets, and the need to maintain effective oversight with respect to all weapons programs. And so it is with national missile defense.  The Armed Services Committee recommended some judicious cuts in missile defense funding on account of a lack of clarity and a lack of justification by administration officials. I believe the Senate should have rejected the Warner amendment.  Neither could I support the Levin second-degree amendment. I understood the chairman's intentions--to send a clear message that this body views antiterrorism missions as the greatest priority for our Nation.  He was absolutely right--that is our No. 1 priority. But the second-degree amendment still enabled the President to dedicate some, or even all, of the additional $814 million towards missile defense.  The administration did not prove the case for additional funding for missile defense beyond the $6.8 billion recommended by the Armed Services Committee. Our Nation faces too many threats for which we are not adequately prepared, to justify spending this additional funding on missile defense.  Regardless of what each of us may think or believe on national missile defense, it does not deserve an exemption from the basic principles of rational budgeting and honest oversight which govern every other Pentagon acquisition program.  