 As I think I can verify, there probably has not been 10 times in my career that I have spoken after there are no votes, so I apologize for keeping the staff here and keeping folks in, but this is of consequence to me and my State.  My good friend--and we all say that; we use that phrase, and he really is a good friend not only politically but personally--John McCain came to the Chamber and asked the rhetorical question of who has a hold on two nominees for the Department of Transportation. He does not like secret holds.  He was being very polite because he did not want to point out what he already knew: That I have a hold on those two nominees.  I have been a Senator for 29 years. I have never, not one single time but this, in my entire career ever put a hold on any nomination, legislation, or anything on the Senate floor. I know Senator McCain understands holds. He has put holds on Department of Transportation nominees before, but I agree with him, the holds should be made public.  I wish to publicly acknowledge what I thought everyone knew. I am the guy who has put the hold on those two nominees. Madam President, let me explain to you why, very briefly.  After September 11, Congress moved very quickly and effectively to provide necessary funds for aviation security improvements and ultimately for port security improvements. I supported those bills wholeheartedly, as did almost all of my colleagues.  At the time, however, it was my understanding, given to me in the Chamber of this body and, I believe--and I am not suggesting she is any part of this--but I believe the Presiding Officer will recall, as every other Senator will, there was a commitment that there would also be a move to quickly address a similar and equally vexing problem of railroad security.  Passenger rail is a critical component of our national transportation infrastructure as, I might add, September 11 so vividly has shown. Imagine what would have happened if we had no passenger rail system September 11 when the skies shut down. And yet all of those passengers continue to travel at their risk. They continue to ride in poorly lit, poorly ventilated, and poorly maintained tunnels, some of which were built as long ago as 1879.  They remain serious targets for acts of terrorism. There is no ventilation. There is no lighting. There is no escape. There are more people, right now as we speak, in tunnels on railcars underneath New York City than in seven 747s completely filled. We have done nothing to improve the security and safety of the people who are riding these rails right now.  Imagine what happens if a bomb, a chemical weapon, or a biological weapon is dispersed in that confined area? I might point out to my friends, they may remember a little over a year ago there was a fire in the Baltimore Tunnel. It shut down Baltimore. It not only shut down the rail, it shut down the south end of Baltimore for a long time.  My frustration is reaching the boiling point. Because of these security threats, immediately following the attacks of September 11, I attempted to authorize funds for rail security improvements as part of the aviation bill. Because of the objections raised, however, I then went to Senators Hollings and McCain, and instead, based on their commitment, which they kept, they offered to pass a separate bill in the Commerce Committee authorizing rail security monies. True to their words, on October 17, they did just that. S. 1550 authorized $1.8 billion for passenger rail security improvements, even though Amtrak had originally requested $3.2 billion; $1.8 billion was a barebones minimum the committee believed it would provide for essential security upgrades in safety improvements, mainly a billion of that to improving the tunnels and the safety in the tunnels against threatened attacks.  The other $800 million went to having dogs on trains sniffing bombs, and additional police. Yet here we stand 6 months later, and we still do not have the money for rail security. I still do not even have a vote on rail security.  This completely defies logic. The reason is because a number of my colleagues have objected secretly, not publicly, to S. 1550, and they have put holds on the bill. This despite all it will do to safeguard our passenger rail system and despite the backing of the Commerce Committee.  Remember, this other stuff we did immediately did not even go throughany committee originally. That is why for the first time in my 29-plus years in the Senate I have placed holds on two Department of Transportation nominees, both fine, decent, and competent people. The issue is not their nomination. The issue is rail security. I know of no other way to get the attention of anybody. I do not know what else I have to do--stand on my head in the middle of the well to get the attention of people around here?  Granted, not everybody has Amtrak go through their areas. I understand that. Granted, Amtrak is not as important to passenger rail service for them as it is to the Northeast and to me. This is my farm bill. This is my bill relating to airport security. This is my bill relating to the poultry industry. This is my bill relating to the most critical need that exists relating to security in my region.  This bill is not controversial. It is completely bipartisan and it has completely been vetted by the committee of jurisdiction. It is important to passenger rail travelers.  There is absolutely no reason for the Senate not to go on record today, right now in fact, and support this bill, to give Amtrak the resources it needs to upgrade the system and make all the safety improvements possible with this limited amount of money.  In 2 hours or 3 hours of debate we came up with $15 billion or $14 billion to bail out the airlines that were already in trouble, by the way. Had there never been 9-11, half of them would have gone out of business anyway--if not half, a significant number. So I do not know why my asking for this for my region, based upon a legitimate need, is so difficult for people to understand.  In fact, I want to hear someone stand up and tell me how it is that my friends across the aisle have taken the liberty of blocking this bill after both Senators Hollings and McCain saw fit to pass it out of the Commerce Committee without any amendments. It is time for my colleagues to put aside their political goals and join me and many of my colleagues who support what the Commerce Committee has done and at least allow us to have a vote. We cannot afford to wait much longer. We do not have that luxury.  Let me conclude by saying that I have great respect for Secretary of Transportation Norm Mineta; I worked with him when he was in the House when he was a Congressman. I worked with him in the last administration. I have worked with him in this administration. He came to see me. He made a personal plea that I free up these two nominees.  I said to him: I understand.  He said: It is unrelated. Why? We are for you. We agree.  I said: Well, then make the case. Somebody in the administration has to stand up and holler with me. They say they are for it. When they were for the airport security bill that got tied up, they stood up and hollered.  All I am asking is my colleagues who have a secret hold, unlike my very public and uncharacteristic hold, come forward and debate the subject. Let me have a vote. I should not say ``me.'' It is my colleague, Tom Carper; it is my two colleagues from Pennsylvania; my colleagues from Maryland; my colleagues from New Jersey; my colleagues from Connecticut; my colleagues from New York; my colleagues from Massachusetts; my colleagues from Rhode Island; my colleagues from Maine.  I really find it offensive that something of such exceptional importance, as the young kids say, is ``dissed'' as this is. We would not do this to the Midwestern Senators. We would not do this to the Southern Senators if this was something regional to them. We would not block the chance to vote on water projects for Western Senators. I think this is unfair.  I have been around the Senate long enough to know one takes their lumps. You win and you lose, and I usually do not make the argument ``unfair'', but I think it is uncharacteristic that something so important regionally to me, and to my colleagues, is not even able to get a single opportunity for a vote.  Only because the hour is so late I am not going to move, by voice vote, to accept the amendment that I was about to send to the desk. But I can tell the Democratic leader, Senator Reid, the first opportunity I have, I am going to move the legislation, and I want to find out who objects. My guess is the majority leader will object on behalf of some unknown person.  So in conclusion, I understand the frustration of my friend, John McCain, because he very much wants to free up these two nominees. I agree they should be freed up, but I have no other way.  