 President, in recent years, I have supported fast track legislation, I voted for NAFTA, for the last round of the GATT and the creation of the WTO. I supported China's accession to the WTO.  I am convinced by the overall fundamental performance of our economy, during a period of expanded trade and the successful completion of trade deals, that expanding international trade generally and expanding markets for American products in particular is good for the United States.  With every step down the road toward a freer, more open international trading system, I believe that the risks are becoming greater and the rewards are less clear.  The risks we face--to our own workers' ability to control their destinies, to the peoples of our new trading partners, to the global environment--are growing as we expand trade deals into regions of the world that lack many of the fundamentals needed for a balanced trade relationship.  The rewards from moving deeper into those less developed economies could be substantial, for us and for them. But I am afraid that without stronger protections, and those benefits may never materialize for the vast majority of the citizens of the poorest developing nations.  At the same time, without strong protections for the men and women whose jobs--in some cases whose towns, in many cases whose whole way of life is at risk without protections for them, they, too, will see little or nothing of the benefits of freer trade.  That is why I am going to vote against the conference report before us today, not because I expect it to be defeated, but because I fully expect it to pass, and I want to make it clear that I, as one Senator, have gone about as far as I can go in my support of freer trade without some stronger assurances that the gains will outweigh the risks, and that those gains will be fairly and efficiently distributed.  I voted for many amendments to the Senate fast-track bill, amendments that would have provided some of the assurances I am seeking. I voted for stronger protections for our State and local environmental laws when they are threatened by foreign firms. I voted for stronger protections for labor and environmental standards in trade deals with developing nations.  Even though those and other amendments were not adopted, I nevertheless supported sending the bill on to a conference with the House.  Today we are voting on a bill that not only lacks those provisions, but has weakened many of the important improvements in the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program that were contained in the Senate version.  As we expand trade among the nations of the world, we are engaged in a real-life experiment in economic theory. I believe that expanding markets and opportunities are indispensable to a better life for the people of our country as well as for the citizens of other nations.  Just as indispensable are political rights, human rights, a healthy environment--things that we cannot just take for granted, things that aren't provided automatically by the invisible hand of the market.  That is particularly true as we undertake to integrate our developed economy--as well as our system of political and human rights, our strong environmental protection standards, our history and institutions of labor rights.  We do ourselves no good, and the citizens of other nations no good, if we fail to maintain those values in balance with the real, tangible benefits of free trade.  Because this new chapter in the history of expanding trade presents so many challenges, public opinion, here and abroad, shows a deep concern about the ultimate costs of global economic integration.  Of course, there are still those who believe trade itself is the cause of most of the world's problems, and on the other side, there are those who blithely assume that expanded trade itself is the highest goal.  I think we should listen to the common sense of the average citizen, both here and abroad. They understand the benefits that can come from free markets, but they hold other values, too.  They want to maintain control over their own fates, and the fates of their families, their towns, their countries. They want to treat the environment responsibly.  They want, to maintain some balance among the values they hold.  So I will vote no today, in the knowledge that we will be granting this administration and the next one the authority to negotiate and bring home important new trade deals, in a new round of WTO talks, and in other key areas.  I hope they use this authority wisely, and that they treat the negotiating objectives we are giving them today as a floor and not a ceiling on the standards they apply in their negotiations.  If they do not, they should not bring us trade deals for our consideration under this fast track authority. Along with the authority we are granting the administration, we are providing ourselves, in Congress with new oversight of the progress of trade talks.  We will use this new authority to keep our negotiators on course. The slim margin in the House, and the vigorous debate on the Senate bill should provide ample guidance about the standards we will apply to any trade deal negotiated under this authority.  We will continue to remind our negotiators of those concerns over the three-year life of this authority. A 2-year renewal will not be automatic not in this new climate of concern about the net benefits of trade nor should it be.  My ``no'' vote today is not a vote against expanded trade. It is a vote against complacency in the conduct of our trade negotiations.  Today is not the end of the debate on this new grant of fast track authority. It is the beginning.  