  Let me speak to the first question, as I understood the specific question: When will the Senate get an opportunity to ascertain whether or not the countries chosen to be invited to become members of NATO are worthy of invitation and membership, and to answer indirectly the question, able to contribute to our mutual security?  The answer is: We will do that at the time of the ratification debate. In the meantime, as my friend pointed out, the money has already been appropriated. The money is already going to these aspirant countries. I think it should have gone by the authorization process, and then the appropriations process. That is why I was smiling.  We share a similar fate in armed services and foreign relations, more in foreign relations, quite frankly, than armed services, where the appropriators move in the absence of our moving.  Let me be more specific. I argue that, even if not a single state that was, in fact, the recipient of any of this money, was invited to join NATO, it is in our interest that the money goes because the money is going for those aspirant countries to meet criteria we have set out, that we believe to be in the U.S. interest. It is in the U.S. interest that every one of the militaries in aspirant countries is under civilian control. It is in the U.S. interest that they have participatory democracies. It is in the U.S. interest they have no border disputes with their neighbors. It is also in the European interest.  So even if not a single aspirant country meets the criteria that must be met, as cited by the Senator from Virginia quoting the Secretary of Defense, it is money well spent.  The second reason we are doing this now is that it is important, in my view, to continue to display to these European aspirants that we are serious about considering them. What I do not want to see happen is us saying, well, we know only one of you are going to get in, and the other six say, well, what am I doing this for? Why am I making this effort? Why am I engaged in this? I want them to know we are serious about this. So even though the money is going forward, you say, well, they already know we are serious. We have already sent the money. It is being spent; it is being used. This authorization--which is putting, as my grandpop used to say, the sleigh before the horse--demonstrates to these folks that, if andwhen the President of the United States and NATO pick aspirants to join and the President sends the treaty up for amendment to the Senate, we are serious about it as well.  This is not a game. This is not a game in our separation of powers--most countries do not have the same system as we have. We confuse people a little bit because they have a parliamentary system. We have an executive branch and a legislative branch and never the twain shall meet, and constitutionally you have to get both of our approval. Notwithstanding the fact that the President may say we want to see Slovakia or Slovenia or whomever to join NATO, that is not good enough. It has to have a supermajority of the Senate saying yes as well. This legislation is an authorization after the fact.  I promise there is not a single solitary ambassador representing any one of the countries who does not have C-SPAN on now listening to us. They know it doesn't mean much now. This is not going to resolve anything tonight, tomorrow, or next month, until the meeting in Prague, and it may not resolve anything then.  This is to send the signal that we are serious, we mean it. You go out and do the things that are necessary to meet the criteria set out by the President, and the additional requirements, and we will seriously consider you. We are in the game with the President.  The third point is the issue of whether or not these aspirant countries, if invited by 19 members of NATO to become a member of NATO, the question is, will they contribute to the security of the United States of America? Or will they be, as my friend implies or states--I don't want to put words in his mouth--a drag on our military?  He cites Kosovo. It is true what my friend cites about the percentage of the airlift, the percentage of the air missions, the percentage of the munitions used, et cetera. But I also point out only 10 percent of those forces that remain in Kosovo are American forces. Mr. President, 85 percent are European and other willing nations there, keeping the peace. And I might add that if we do something too well, it is taken for granted and we forget what we did in the first place.  I remind my friend that before we got into Kosovo, before we went to Bosnia, there were over a quarter million people killed, women and children. There were close to half a million people in the hills, freezing in the middle of the winter and we worried about them freezing. Every European capital was on edge worrying about immigration flows. It started this xenophobia about minority portions of the populations of Germany, France, and other countries.  It is in our interest that there be a stable Europe. It is in our interest that a LePen is not getting 50 percent of the vote instead of 15 percent of the vote. It is in our interest that the skinheads in Germany do not become a morph of the neo-Nazi organizations that impact German policy. They have not. But I believe had another million people flowed out of the Balkans into those capitals, it would have further destabilized the political circumstance.  It is true that no nation, none of our NATO allies, have kept their commitment to expand their military capability as we have. None have. He is absolutely right. Where does our interest lie?  A number of our colleagues very much want to see us move into Iraq. It would be very useful if Bulgaria were part of NATO. We don't have to worry about overflight rights. They are part of NATO. We do not have to worry about a little thing like we worry about with our fickle Saudi friends as to whether they allow us to use an airbase we built for them and their protection. So I argue when we were trying to deal with this situation in Kosovo, Hungary became a valued ally.  The issue for me is not so much that I think any aspirant country is going to be able to be the one man for a U.S. Air Force stealth aircraft moving on a precision-guided mission against an enemy. That will not happen. If the measure is, can they keep up with our technological capability, the answer is that none of the countries will ever qualify. I might add that some of our greatest and oldest allies may not qualify.  Conversely, though, if the measure is, does their membership in NATO lend an additional capacity that impacts positively on U.S. interests, and they pay their way, then the answer to that question is, yes, they should be a part of NATO. That is a debate I am sure my friend and I will have when the President of the United States, if he does, comes back from Prague and says, I am sending up to Senator Warner and company an amendment to the Washington treaty asking for the following--1, or 7, or whatever--nations to become part of NATO. He will because he is so diligent and so knowledgeable about the U.S. military and military matters. I know him too well. And he should do this. We are lucky to have someone who will have the ability to do this.  And then we will debate whether or not they warrant membership. What does Slovenia bring? What does so and so bring? That is the moment when that debate will take place.  I yield the floor.  