 President, I am pleased to present to the Senate the conference report on H.R. 1646, the Foreign Relations Authorization Act for fiscal year 2003.  The bill contains two divisions. Division A is the State Department Authorization Act, and contains authorization of appropriations for the Department of State, and other foreign policy programs, and also contains several policy provisions. Division B contains the Security Assistance Act, which provides authorizations and legal authorities under the Arms Export Control Act and the Foreign Assistance Act.  This bill includes several important items, including the completion of a project that Senator Helms and I began in 1997, the legislation to authorize payment of our back dues to the United Nations in exchange for reform in that organization. The conferencereport would facilitate the final installment of $244 million in arrears to the UN and other international organizations. I salute the former Chairman of the Committee, Senator Helms, for initiating this project six years ago and for sticking with it. It has made a material difference in improving the relationship between the United States and the United Nations.  The bill includes two other provisions important to continuing the improvement of our relationship with the United Nations. First, the bill clears the way for the payment of nearly $80 million in new arrears which have accumulated in the last few years. Second, the bill authorizes the payment of our dues to the UN at the beginning of the calendar year, rather than the current system whereby we pay our dues at the start of the U.S. fiscal year. That late payment of our dues is detrimental, not only to UN operations, but to U.S.-UN relations. I hope the Administration will embrace this provision and request the necessary funds in the fiscal year 2004 budget.  Further, the bill authorizes funding at levels equal to or exceeding the President's budget request for the Department of State, embassy security, contributions for international organizations and international peacekeeping, and international broadcasting. The United States is a great power, and it has substantial responsibilities around the world, In order to meet those responsibilities, it must have a well-funded and well-equipped diplomatic corps. And if we are going to deploy our diplomats around the world, we must protect them. We cannot provide perfect security for our people, but we can and must take all reasonable precautions against known dangers. In 1999, Congress provided an authorization of $4.5 billion over five years--or $900 million per year, for embassy construction and security. This bill adds an additional $100 million to this authorization for fiscal year 2003.  Division B of this bill is the Security Assistance Act of 2002. It includes: foreign military assistance, including Foreign Military Financing and International Military Education and Training; international arms transfers; and many of our arms control, nonproliferation and antiterrorism programs.  This division includes some significant initiatives. For example, several provisions are designed to streamline the arms export control system, so as to make it more efficient and responsive to competitive requirements in a global economy, without sacrificing controls that serve foreign policy or nonproliferation purposes. This is a vital enterprise. U.S. industry depends upon the efficient processing of arms export applications, and U.S. firms lose contracts when the U.S. Government cannot make up its mind expeditiously.  At the same time, however, an ill-advised export license could lead to sensitive equipment getting into the hands of enemies or of unstable regimes. So there is a tension between the need for efficiency and the need not to make a mistake that ends up putting U.S. lives at risk. This bill addresses that tension providing funds for improved staffing levels, information and communications to enable the State Department to make quicker and smarter export licensing decisions. It also raises modestly the prior notice thresholds for most arms sales to our NATO allies, Australia, New Zealand or Japan. On the other hand, this bill adds a prior notice requirement for some sales of small arms and light weapons and strengthens the prior notice requirement for changes in the United States Munitions List.  Division B includes several new nonproliferation and antiterrorism measures. For example, the ban on arms sales to state supporters of terrorism, in section 40(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, is broadened to include states engaging in the proliferation of chemical, biological or radiological weapons.  This bill requires the President to establish an interagency mechanism to coordinate nonproliferation programs directed at the independent states of the former Soviet Union. This provision is based on S. 673, a bill introduced by Senator Hagel and me with the co-sponsorship of Senators Domenici and Lugar. It will ensure continuing, high-level coordination of our many nonproliferation programs, so that we can be more confident that they will mesh with each other. The need for better coordination has been cited in several reports, including last year's report of the Russia Task Force of the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board, chaired by former Senator Howard Baker and former White House counsel Lloyd Cutler.  This bill encourages the Secretary of State to seek an increase in the regular budget of the International Atomic Energy Agency, beyond that required to keep pace with inflation. Because the IAEA's budget for 2003 has already been adopted, this bill authorizes an increase in the U.S. voluntary contribution to IAEA programs. This organization is vital to our nuclear nonproliferation efforts, its workload is increasing, and now it has begun a major program to locate and secure ``orphaned'' radioactive sources that could otherwise show up in a terrorist's radiological weapon.  Subtitle XIII-B of this bill is the ``Russian Federation Debt for Nonproliferation Act of 2002,'' a provision that Senator Lugar and I introduced, with the support of Senator Helms. This subtitle authorizes the President to offer Soviet-era debt reduction to the Russian Federation in the context of an arrangement whereby the savings to Russia would be invested in agreed nonproliferation programs or projects. Debt reduction is a potentially important means of funding the costs of securing Russia's stockpiles of sensitive nuclear material, chemical weapons and dangerous pathogens, of destroying its chemical weapons and dismantling strategic weapons, and of helping its former weapons experts to find civilian careers and resist offers from rogue states or terrorists.  Three months ago, the Bush Administration persuaded the G-8 countries to take a significant step: they agreed to what is known as ``10 plus 10 over 10,'' a commitment to provide the Russian Federation $10 billion in U.S. nonproliferation assistance and $10 billion in assistance from the other G-8 members over the next 10 years. This joint willingness to provide $20 billion opens new possibilities in Russian nonproliferation. It also sends a message to Moscow that working with the West or nonproliferation will be more profitable than selling dangerous technology to Iran.  The G-8 agreement included the important possibility of the leading economic powers using debt reduction to finance this assistance, and the Administration worked with us to ensure that this subtitle gives the President the flexibility he would need if he chose to use debt reduction. Pursuant to the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, he must still obtain appropriations for the cost of reducing any debt pursuant to this section. I have every hope, however, that we will see the day when both the United States and several of our allies use debt reduction to increase our nonproliferation assistance to Russia.  In closing, I thank my colleagues on the conference committee, particularly Chairman Hyde and Representative Lantos in the other body, and Senator Helms, for their cooperation in putting together this bill.  I would also like to recognize the hard work of all the staff on both the House and Senate committees, who did much of the preliminary work to prepare the bill for consideration by the conference committee. Equally important, I want to recognize the invaluable contributions and tireless efforts of the Deputy Legislative Counsel in the Senate, Art Rynearson. Mr. Rynearson labored many hours, including all of this past weekend, to assist the Committee staff in preparing and refining the legislative language in the conference report. This report would not have been ready for consideration at this time without his hard work.  This conference report is important to the operation of our U.S. foreign policy agencies. It has received strong approval in the other body. I urge its approval by the Senate.  