 President, today I introduced a Senate resolution designating March 8 as International Women's Day. A similar resolution will be introduced in the House of Representatives by Representative Schakowsky with the support of the Women's Caucus. International Women's Day was first observed in 1909, and since then it has provided an opportunity for us to take a moment to remember, celebrate and honor the remarkable steps women have made in their fight for equality all over the globe. This year, Afghan women are the symbol of International Women's Day. Afghan women are triumphant examples of women empowered and able to transform their lives.  We have much to admire in the courage and endurance of Aghan women. Afghan women withstood for more than 5 years systemic oppression by the Taliban. For more than 5 years, women in Afghanistan--solely because they were women--were silenced, forbidden to enter public life, forbidden to be seen unaccompanied on city streets, forbidden to teach or attend schools, forbidden to seek health care and forbidden to work. If women disobeyed, they were beaten. The threat of violence kept women quiet and compliant.  Since the downfall of the Taliban, the veil has lifted for women in Afghanistan. Today we see news clips of women walking the streets of Kabul without burkas and girls learning to read in a city school. Women are resuming their jobs as teachers, government workers and doctors. The Health Minister in the new interim government is a Tajik woman surgeon from Kabul. There is a new Ministry of Women's Affairs led by Dr. Sima Samar who is steadily pushing and pulling to restore women's rights. These are enormous strides to regain women's rights in Afghanistan and a testament to the strength of Afghan women.  The collaboration, persistence and support of international women's groups to expose the Taliban's oppression should also be recognized. While the plight of Afghan women surfaced on the cover of American magazines only this year, many women's groups have been working on the situation for years--writing letters, pressing for action, and supporting refugees. Indeed, in December, an incredible array of international women's groups gathered in Brussels from all over the world to discuss and strategize ways to change Afghanistan. The international women's community understands that this is a long and complicated process for change, and they remain strongly beside Afghan women. International Women's Day gives us an opportunity to acknowledge their tireless efforts and achievements.  As we have seen in Afghanistan, an essential component to achieving gender equality is ending violence against women--an issue about which I care deeply. Women cannot fully participate in a society when they live in fear of violence. Supporting International Women's Day means supporting an end to violence against women.  Without a doubt, we must start in our living rooms. Unfortunately, there is still much to be done in the United States. But steadily we are making significant improvements. According to United States Justice Department data, the overall rate of intimate partner violence against all females decreased a dramatic 41 percent between 1993 and 1999. I am proud to say that some of the improvements come directly from my bill, the Violence Against Women Act of 1994, and its reauthorization in 2000. We have transformed a ``private'' family matter into a serious, public crime.  Now we are setting our sights on cultural changes and creating a society that has zero tolerance for violence against women. Men who hit or assault women must become the pariahs of our society. We need to teach our young men and boys that violence against girls is completely and utterly unacceptable. And then spread the word around the globe.  International Women's Day reminds us that as we are fighting to end violence against women in America, we need to extend our reach, and fight violence against all women. The range of gender-related violence is staggering. It occurs in every segment of society, without regard for class, color, ethnicity, or country. The violence includes honor killings, sexual trafficking in women, dowry-related violence, female infanticide, sexual assault, and domestic violence. Studies indicate that 1 out of every 3 women in the world has been battered by an intimate partner. Data on rape indicates that as many as 1 in 5 women worldwide are victims of rape, with young women as the most frequent targets. Women everywhere cannot fully participate in society until the violence ends.  We will get there. Despite the threat of violence, women have made incredible strides. Worldwide, there is a closing gender gap in primary and secondary school education. In 1998, 8 percent of the world's cabinet ministers were women, compared to 4 percent in 1994. All over the world women are actively engaged in the economy as workers, producers, traders, managers, and owners. On International Women's Day let us imagine what women can accomplish when they no longer fear violence.  Mr. President, I sincerely hope that all of my colleagues join me to support this resolution to designate March 8 as International Women's Day, to celebrate the enormous progress of women and to reaffirm our commitment to end violence and discrimination against women.  