 You were wrong then, you are wrong now. But that is irrelevant.  The point is this. I was responding to a specific assertion. The Senator said: How will this body ever reject something that is put on our desk that is embossed, that has worldwide publicity, that the whole world is looking at, that all of our European friends are seeing? How could we ever reject anything like that?  I point out that we have done that. We have no problem rejecting things in this place that we don't think we should do. I might add that we had multiple hearings in my committee--I don't remember, but I suspect also in my friend's committee, the Armed Services Committee. We had more than a dozen hearings before we voted on expansion, on whether or not the aspirant countries were qualified.  Some of us, I think including the Senator from Virginia, traveled to the aspirant countries, sat down with their leadership, sat down with their chiefs of staff, sat down with their military and parliamentary leaders, and looked at their books--literally, not figuratively.  I know I spent, with my colleague Dr. Haltzel, about 7 days doing that in the aspirant countries: Hungary, Poland, Slovenia and the Czech Republic. I spent that time as my other colleagues did.  So I have no worry that we are going to have time. I am responding to the point made by the Senator, which is: Hey, look, this is a fait accompli. We are getting set up here. You guys passed this; you authorized this in addition to the money already going. What is going to happen here is we are going to come bouncing along and on December 9, or next January 14, or whatever date, we are going to have an embossed treaty, and it is going to be done, and there is not going to be any real debate, and it is going to be all over.  I would say the past is prologue. The Foreign Relations Committee published a 550-page report on the last round of NATO enlargement. It contained the transcript of the hearings, a lengthy report on the trip that I took to Russia, Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovenia, and many other reports. I do not remember--I do not want to state something I am not certain of--but I think the Armed Services Committee had hearings as well.  So there is going to be no doubt there will be hearings. If the Senator, in Armed Services--if they want to hold hearings, I think that is a fine thing; no problem. I think it is premature now to hold those hearings. We had 7 days of debate on the floor the last time on NATO enlargement.  I understand the concern of the Senator that we are going to, in effect, be presented with a fait accompli. Maybe his real worry is it is a fait accompli because he is a Republican and a Republican President would be submitting this. But I tell you, we Democrats are going to have no problem. We didn't have any problem with the last guy who submitted it, and my Republican friends had no problem when the last guy submitted it, a Democrat. I think it is an unfounded worry. If I believed the Senator was correct and the Senate is going to be put in a position of rubber-stamping or walking away, I would say you are right, Senator. But I see nothing from the past NATO enlargement round we went through, and I do not anticipate anything in this round, that will preclude a thorough investigation giving all 100 Members of the Senate and the American public an opportunity to make their own judgments about it, whether or not to accept the President's recommendation.  When I say President's recommendation, if he doesn't sign on in Prague to the expansion, then there is no expansion. All 18 other nations can sign on, it doesn't matter. If he says no--no. Done. Finished. So that is what I mean when I say the President's recommendation.  I have no doubt we are going to have an opportunity to fully explore this. My guess is--I make a prediction, which is a dangerous thing to do. The bulk of the debate on this floor will be why wasn't so-and-so included, as opposed to why did you include such-and-such country.  But that remains to be seen. The bottom line is--and I will yield the floor to whomever seeks it--the bottom line is that we will have plenty of opportunity to debate whether or not the named countries--if there are any named countries, and there will be, I believe--whether they warrant the supermajority of the Senate to say: Yes, you are now a member of NATO because you met all the criteria and including the paragraph read from the Secretary of Defense's letter.  I further state that the criticisms we can debate in other contexts that the Senator from Virginia raises about NATO aspirants are equally applicable to the original NATO members--that is a different story.  I yield the floor.  