 President, I support S. 2667, The Peace Corps Charter for the 21st Century Act. I commend Senator Dodd for developing this legislation and for working closely with the administration to advance it through the Foreign Relations Committee, where last week it was reported unanimously. Support for the Peace Corps is not, and should not be, a partisan issue. Senator Dodd's quiet work in moving this legislation forward is a testament to that principle.  From promoting environmental conservation, to teaching primary school classes; from working to increase food production to training health care workers, Peace Corps volunteers do a lot of good throughout the world. Since the organization was founded 40 years ago, over 165,000 volunteers have served in 135 countries. If you multiply that number by the number of people reached by each volunteer, the phenomenal impact of the Peace Corps becomes apparent. Our Peace Corps volunteers represent, in many ways, U.S. diplomacy at its best--reaching remote communities as well as urban neighborhoods, and helping people improve their lives in immeasurable ways.  The Peace Corps is stronger and more popular than ever. Since January, the organization estimates that there has been a 300 percent increase in inquiries from potential volunteers. We must ensure that the Peace Corps has the necessary resources to capture and utilize this unprecedented surge in interest.  For these reasons, I am pleased to support S. 2667, which goes a long way in advancing and strengthening the Peace Corps. The legislation authorizes yearly increases in funding for the Peace Corps to $560 million in fiscal year 2007, in order to double the number of volunteers over the next 5 years. This increase in funding and volunteer capacity is long overdue, and is now more crucial than ever.  Furthermore, the bill calls for the Peace Corps to develop a strategy for special placement of volunteers in countries whose governments are seeking to foster greater understanding between their citizens and the United States, particularly in countries with significant Muslim populations. Through person-to-person contact, Peace Corps volunteers can make great strides in eroding the deep misconceptions of the United States that exist in many cultures. The volunteers give a human face to the term ``American,'' bringing personal knowledge of our ideals and attitudes to communities all over the world.  The legislation also establishes a global infectious disease initiative to comprehensively train Peace Corps volunteers in the education, prevention and treatment of the infectious diseases HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria. The HIV/AIDS epidemic has killed more people than the bubonic plague of the Middle Ages. Five million people were infected with HIV/AIDS in the past year alone, creating an unthinkable number of orphans worldwide. In some countries, the disease threatens to wipe out an entire generation. Tuberculosis and malaria have also caused millions more preventable deaths. It is imperative that Peace Corps volunteers be equipped with the knowledge and resources to protect their health, and that of the communities in which they serve, to the greatest extent possible.  Again, I congratulate and thank Senator Dodd for his enduring allegiance to the Peace Corps. At a time when we must do all we can to promote mutual understanding worldwide, this legislation is an important effort to strengthen the Peace Corps, the United States' most valuable international volunteer program.  