 President, I rise today to support H.R. 3167, the Gerald B.H. Solomon Freedom Consolidation Act of 2001. This bill adds Slovakia to the countries eligible to receive assistance under the NATO Participation Act of 1994 and authorizes a total of $55.5 million in foreign military financing under the Arms Export Control Act to seven countries--Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Bulgaria, and Romania.  This bill is a symbolic one. It authorizes funds that have already been appropriated, repackages them in order to highlight the ongoing process of NATO enlargement. Symbolism, however, in this case matters. Millions of central Europeans and east Europeans, and millions of Americans of central and eastern European descent, will welcome this restatement of NATO's so-called open-door policy--the policy of the Clinton administration and which had been continued by the current Bush administration.  At the end of March, Prime Ministers and Presidents of all the NATO candidate countries, plus several leaders from current alliance members, met in Bucharest, Romania, to discuss the next round of NATO enlargement. Deputy Secretary of State Armitage led a high-level U.S. delegation to the meeting, which was characterized by a spirit of cooperation among the aspirant countries, many of which had been ancient rivals, which itself validated the process of enlargement, in my view.  Parenthetically--I note that I have said before--even if the expansion of NATO in the last round did not materially impact upon the capacity of NATO and security of Europe, it did one incredibly important thing: Each of the aspirant countries, in order to be admitted to NATO, had to settle serious border disputes that existed; had to make sure their militaries were under civilian control; had to make sure they dealt with, in some cases, decades-old open sores within their society in order to demonstrate that they were part of the values, as well as the capacity, of NATO; that they shared the values of the West.  I would argue that much of this would not have happened were it not for the aspirant countries seeking so desperately to become part of NATO. I think that, in and of itself, would be rationale enough to move. Much more than that has occurred.  Four years ago, I had the honor of floor managing the resolution of ratification of an amendment to the Washington Treaty of 1949 whereby Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic were admitted to membership in NATO. On the night of April 30, 1998, in a dramatic rollcall vote in this Chamber,the resolution passed by a vote of 80 to 19.  In November of this year, there will be an important NATO summit meeting in the ancient Czech capital of Prague. Several fundamental issues will be on the agenda in Prague, among them charting a new course for the alliance in the aftermath of September 11 and the antiterrorist campaign in Afghanistan, a qualitatively new relationship between NATO and Russia and a new round of enlargement of NATO.  Last spring, NATO publicly declared that there would be no ``zero option'' for enlargement at Prague. Translated from diplo-speak, this means the alliance anticipates there will be at least one candidate country qualified for membership at Prague, and that country, and probably others, will be extended an invitation to join NATO.  I have stated many times, including in the last round, that Slovenia has been qualified for NATO membership for several years and should have been invited to join the alliance as early as at the 1997 Madrid summit or at least at the 1999 Washington summit.  My strong suspicion is that several other countries will be judged qualified for membership as well, but naming names at this time I think would be premature. Later this year, the alliance will evaluate how well each candidate country has fulfilled its so-called membership action plan and, equally important, will judge the strength of its democratic institutions and society. By late summer, the list of qualified aspirant countries should become much clearer than it is today.  Meanwhile, this legislation wisely authorizes military assistance to all seven of the candidate countries generally judged to be in the running at this time and thereby sidesteps the pitfall of prematurely designating those to be invited.  It seems to me this is not the time for lengthy debate on the merits of the next round of NATO enlargement. There will be ample opportunity for a thorough debate after candidates have been invited and their credentials submitted for ratification to the parliaments of the current 19 members of the alliance, including us.  The rationale for enlargement, in my view, remains as valid as it was 4 years ago when this body overwhelmingly ratified the entry of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. NATO enlargement significantly furthers the process of moving the zone of stability eastward in Europe, thereby hastening the day when the continent will be truly whole and free.  The three new members of NATO have made major contributions to the alliance campaigns in Bosnia and Kosovo and lately in the war against terrorism. Contrary to occasional sensational articles in the press, they are loyal, democratic allies contributing to the security of the North Atlantic area.  Finally, NATO enlargement, contrary to the gloomy predictions of some pundits and some Members of this body, has not worsened our ties with Russia.  A man I admire as much as any and with whom I served in the Senate, the distinguished former Senator from the State of New York, Patrick Moynihan--I hardly disagree with him on foreign policy. The one time we had a serious discussion and debate was on this issue. He was opposed to NATO enlargement. The basis for his rationale for being opposed to enlargement was that this would significantly damage bilateral relations with Russia at the time we needed to nurture that relationship.  I argue--not that I was right--that the end result in 2002, after enlargement--I am not saying because of enlargement--the relationship between the United States and Russia is better than it was before enlargement, and it is as good as it has been since the last czar was in control in Russia. We have a leader in Russia now, who, for his own reasons--and I am not offering him as a Jeffersonian Democrat--is leading his nation to an open democracy. I suggest that not since Peter the Great has any Russian leader looked as far west as this man has and cast his lot with the West as much as he has.  The predictions of doom and gloom relative to the relationship, for whatever reasons, have not turned out to be true. On the contrary, earlier this week, on May 14 at the NATO ministerial meeting in Reykjavik, Iceland, the alliance and Russia put their relationship on an unprecedented cooperative basis for creating a new NATO-Russia Council to deal with a variety of security issues.  The Bush administration strongly supports this Freedom Consolidation Act. In a joint letter to me on May 7, Secretary of State Powell and Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld wrote that the bill would ``reinforce our nation's commitment to the achievement of freedom, peace, and security in Europe . . . [and] would greatly enhance our ability to work with aspirant countries as they prepare to join with NATO and work with us to meet the 21st century's threats to our common security.''  Mr. President, I have no doubt that sometime next year this body will ratify the further enlargement of NATO by an overwhelming vote. For now, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for the Freedom Consolidation Act as a symbolic gesture to support this so-called open-door policy that has served the alliance and this country so well.  As I said, there will be time for us to debate whether or not the aspirant countries that are picked in Prague should or should not be the ones that are picked. I am sure we will have some disagreement in this Chamber about that. This is not to pick winners and losers. This is picking the aspirant countries that are known to everyone to have the most reasonable prospect of being issued an invitation to better situate themselves in meeting the criteria to be offered that membership.  I look forward to discussion on this issue. I do not know there is all that much to discuss right now, but I look forward to discussion of this issue and to being in the Chamber with my two friends who are here to hopefully usher in a new round of members in the NATO enlargement scheme that will take place later in the year.  I yield the floor.  