 President, I oppose the amendment of the Senator from Alaska. I do not disagree with most of the findings in his amendment. Saddam Hussein is clearly in violation of his obligations under United Nations Security Council resolutions. He has repeatedly demonstrated his callous disregard for the plight of the Iraqi people. Humanitarian aid under the oil for food program has been diverted, languished in warehouses, or simply not purchased at all. As much of the Iraqi population goes without adequate health care and nutrition, Saddam lavishes luxury goods on his cronies and builds palaces.  While the Senator may be correct in his diagnosis of the illness, it is not clear to me that his amendment is the cure.  I have just spoken to a senior official at the State Department, who believes this amendment is a serious mistake. I believe that this amendment puts the President in a very difficult position at a difficult time.  I have concluded that we need a regime change in Iraq. In my view, that effort will require us to lay the groundwork by making a solid case and building as broad a coalition as possible. I am concerned that this amendment may make the President's task more difficult. At the very least, we should provide him the opportunity to make his views known on this amendment.  While the potential impact of this amendment is great, it has not been scrutinized sufficiently. The Foreign Relations Committee has certainly discussed the issue of Iraq policy, but we have not examined this specific proposal. I also understand that the Energy Committee has held no hearings on this proposal.  As I stated at the outset, I do not see how this amendment will address the legitimate issues that the Senator cites. The proceeds for the legal purchase of Iraqi oil made by American companies are deposited in an escrow account controlled by the United Nations. Money in that account is then released for purchases of civilian goods. Before any money is spent, the sanctions committee, on which the United States sits, must approve every contract. In other words, we have a veto on how the money gets spent.  To be sure, the oil for food program has flaws. Saddam gets illegal revenues by selling oil outside the program and by collecting illegal surcharges from shady middlemen. It is these revenues that are used by Saddam to prop up his regime, pursue weapons of mass destruction, and pay the families of Palestinian suicide bombers. The Senator's amendment does not address the problem of illegal surcharges or smuggling.  I am also concerned that by effectively pulling the United States out of the oil for food program, we may be sending the signal that we are not interested in the welfare of the Iraqi people. I know that is not the Senator's intention, but it may be an unintended effect of his amendment. This could have an impact on the ability to pull together an effective coalition to confront Saddam.  This is just one example of the potential unintended impact of this amendment. I think it is important that we understand all of the ramifications of this proposal before proceeding.  