 I take his observation and acknowledge it is absolutely true that it helps the whole country.  I would like to bifurcate two points: One, the emergency, immediate need for security. The security will help Amtrak in Los Angeles as well as help Amtrak in Florida. The place with the biggest, clearest targets where the most people could be devastated is in those tunnels, primarily. They happen to be mostly in the Northeast.  There is a second issue. I have not addressed the second issue. We have not kept our promises at all to Amtrak in terms of Amtrak's operational capability and capital needs. We cannot get votes on that either. I am trying to deal with the littlest piece. I cannot fathom how anyone could disagree. I have not heard one substantive argument why we would not provide for dogs and police to see that people are not carrying onto the trains dynamite or explosives or weapons in New Orleans, LA, as well as in Philadelphia, PA.  The real point is, this is an urgent need. Ask any of the folks in the intelligence community: If you were a terrorist and decided you had one last opportunity, what would you hit? People will say you are giving ideas; these terrorists already have these ideas, I assure you.  What did we do during the Olympics? We knew that would be a likely target because there were a lot of people and it would be a big statement. To the great credit of the State of Utah and the Federal Government, we had no incident. But you are sitting around, and where will you look to use the chemical weapon if you have it? The dirty bomb, if you possess it? That biological weapon, if you want to use it? Where will you use it?  I am chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. I was on the terrorism subcommittee and the Judiciary Committee and in the Intelligence Committee for 10 years. Unfortunately, it seems as if I have been going to school for my whole life to prepare for the issue of terrorism. Prioritize where the likely targets are. There are millions of container ships that come into ports each year. We had to deal with that, and we dealt with it. Everybodyknew that was a likely target. We were not telling the terrorists anything they didn't know. We knew it was a problem.  I hope to God I am never in a position where, by even implication, I have to say, I told you so. There is no way out of the tunnels. There is no lighting. There is no ventilation. There is no way out.  I apologize, I am getting angry about it. Again, I can understand my friend from Arizona and others objecting to Amtrak. They do not think Amtrak is efficacious. I got it. I understand. They are wrong. I am willing to debate that. I would love a chance to debate it. However, this is drop dead common sense. I close to resent not being able to have a chance for the Senator from Pennsylvania, the Senator from Delaware, the Senators from New York, in addition to the Senators where Amtrak goes--these are gigantic targets.  They once asked Willie Sutton: Why rob banks? And his answer was: That is where the money is.  What do terrorists do? Why do they pick the two largest buildings in the United States, instead of coming to Delaware and hitting a 12-story building in Delaware? Why? Because that is where the most people are. That is where the biggest targets remain.  I thank my friend from Nevada. He has been a staunch supporter and tried like the devil to help.  The concluding point I make: My hold is not secret. I would like to know who is holding up the ability of the Senate to pass a bill that we were promised on October 15 would get action; that we passed out of the Commerce Committee unanimously, without amendment; that, in fact, nobody has made a substantive argument why any of this is not needed. I want to know why. I want to know why and who. Who is saying we cannot vote on it? And why do they think we should not have this?  I am a big boy. We have a vote. I win; I lose. But I want a vote.  I yield the floor.  