 He may learn something. I know I learn when I listen, and I do not always listen enough.  Mr. President, let me begin where the Senator from Virginia ended, and that is that I think the bill fashioned by Senator Sarbanes and this committee does exactly what the Senator from Virginia was suggesting. That would be balanced; we do not do more harm than good.  If you look at other times--and I have been a Senator for a while--we faced crises such as this, we have had occasion to overreact. We have found sometimes that the cure is worse than the disease. I note we probably did that in my early days here with Senate campaign financing and other issues.  There is a real balance that the Senator from Maryland has struck. I compliment the Senator. I cannot think of any Senator better positioned to be chief spokesman for the Senate and Congress on this issue, not only for the American people but all our allies and the investors worldwide.  The dollar now has weakened drastically. In my capacity as chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I have had occasion to meet with leading government officials from European countries and from Asia, asking me, as if I were some kind of broker: Can we continue to invest in your market? Is it real? What is going on? How much more is coming?  We are fortunate to have the steady and always cautious voice of the Senator from Maryland, whose background academically as well as politically suits him well, and in this moment, as probably no one else in this place is better prepared, to take on this issue. I compliment the Senator and his quiet, reasoned voice, and his profound understanding of the problem we face as well as his determination to move ahead and try to restore confidence. It is a welcome circumstance at the moment. I compliment the Senator.  I realize from listening to him and knowing him as well as I do, as a point of personal privilege, some will discount my remarks because they know the Senator and I are close personal friends and I admire him as much as anyone I have served in all my years in the Senate. I understand there are other things that he may or may not have wanted to put in the bill to strengthen our position and the Nation's position and the economy, but he wants to make sure there is consensus and overwhelming support of whatever we do. This is not a circumstance of questioning motives and wondering whether it is more for show than for serious reconstruction of the circumstances.  I say at the outset, I have one disagreement with the President of the United States. Although there probably, pray God, are only a ``few really bad apples''--I think that was his phrase--in the corporate world, I do think we have a systemic problem. The marvel is that there are so many men and women in corporate America who have high moral standards and have overcome a fairly overwhelming temptation that exists in the way business is being done, the way in which we have loosened some of the not regulations, loosened some of the oversight on corporate America. It is a testament to the fact that there are so many honorable people running America's major corporations and multinational corporations.  The fact is, we have a systemic problem which leads me to my friend from Michigan, Senator Levin. Senator Levin, Senator McCain, Senator Corzine, Senator Edwards, myself, and several others, in varying degrees, think what this debate is all about is fundamental fairness and efficiency of our economy. A lot of what we read about these days is focused on corporate scandals, individual villains, their schemes, their greed. There is plenty of that and maybe more than I can remember any time in my Senate career.  I believe we need to focus on the behavior of corporate executives who have betrayed their positions of power, recklessly endangering the careers of tens of thousands of employees and the savings of millions of Americans. That is why it was so important the Senate unanimously adopted my amendment last week and the amendment which was contained in that of the Senator from Vermont for stronger penalties for corporate crime.  In the hearings I have held in my criminal law subcommittee in the Judiciary Committee, I made clear from the outset--and I try never to overpromise what criminal law can do, even though we are only now finally beginning to rectify and make our criminal justice system reflect our values more clearly--that is not a solution. It is a part of a solution. The Senator from Iowa and I conducted hearings in that subcommittee. We have asked for stronger penalties. We have passed them. One small example: If you were to violate the Federal law relating to pension security, ERISA, it is a misdemeanor that could cost someone their entire pension or 1,000 people their pensions, totaling hundreds of millions of dollars. It is a misdemeanor. All you get is up to 1 year in jail. Yet if you steal my automobile--I live 2 miles from the Pennsylvania State line, in Delaware--and you drive across the State line into Pennsylvania, you get 10 years under Federal law. Something is awry.  Criminal penalties are not the answer. They are just rectifying this incredible inequity within our system. Hopefully we are beginning to reestablish some sense of faith in the system where average people think big guys get away with it and little guys go to jail.  Punishing and deterring corporate crime, although it is a major part of our response to excesses committed by some of the most privileged and powerful corporate executives, is not enough. We face another fundamental problem. It is the loss of trust in our system, most apparent, perhaps, in the recent drop in the stock market. More than 200 off the DOW in the days following the President's speech, and when I came to the floor the DOW was down 300 points. I don't know where it is right now. I hope and pray to God it has moved up.  The fact is, there is a profound lack of confidence at the moment in our economy. There used to be a chairman of the board of the Dupont Company, a big, old farm boy from Ohio. He had great big hands. I remember, he was a wonderful guy, a first-rate chemist, first-rate scientist, as well as corporate executive. I was meeting with him one day and said: We have a problem; we are in the hole. And he turned and looked at me and said: My father always said, Joe, when you get in the hole, stop digging.  Maybe the President should stop making speeches for a couple of days. He has spoken twice and the market went down 500 points while he was speaking. It is not because of a lack of anything in the President, but people are looking for real change. They assume that if there is any rhetoric, it must not be likely to be followed by something real.  The Senator from Maryland has done something real. What the Senator from Utah and his committee has done is real. This is real. This underlying bill is real; it is positive; it is substantial. The bottom line is, no pun intended, there is a profound lack of confidenceat the moment and that our economy can be shaken right now to the very foundations of our market democracy. For a market democracy to work, we have to have faith in our economy that will continue to create opportunities for job advancement and that our Government will continue to promote, as our Constitution requires, the general welfare.  In recent months, to be reminded how much we have in common, how much of our unique blessings we have come to take for granted prior to September 11, we were reminded that in the end we are all in this thing together. Among those blessings we had come to take for granted was the most dynamic economy in the world, that had just come off the longest, strongest expansion in history. In the new economic arena, we are now reminded how much we depend on trust in each other to make our markets work.  That sounds silly. No one was using the word trust before when we talked of the market economy. We talked innovation, the new economy, productivity, et cetera, but when you cut it all aside, it is all based upon trust, which is based upon transparency. If you cannot get out there and make your judgment to invest or not invest in a corporation with a clear sense that you have been told everything that is reasonable to tell you about the state of affairs of that company, then you might as well play the lottery.  You might as well come on over to Delaware and play the slot machines at Delaware Park. You have about the same shot, unless you are on the inside.  The task we are debating today is how to restore the strength of our economy, which is to restore the trust. At the core of that task is revival of confidence that consumers and investors, including foreign investors, need to get back into the market.  This is going to turn around, Mr. President. You and I both know it. I am absolutely sure it is going to turn around. The question is, how many bodies will be littered along the way; how many pensions will be lost; how many jobs will be lost; how long is it going to take? It will turn around.  I am sure the greatest strength of our system continues to be its resiliency: Our ability to see change as opportunity. I am sure of that because we have met this kind of adversity before. Every time we have come out stronger.  I remember when the Senator from Maryland and I were on the Banking Committee in those dark days of the savings and loan crisis. We made it through. We made some very difficult decisions that, I might add, Japan and other countries have not made, and it resulted in an even stronger economy. So I am confident we can come out of this stronger.  After the glare from all the glitter during the boom phase and as our vision becomes a lot clearer, we know that our economy is, in fact, fundamentally stronger than it was, notwithstanding what is going on now. Productivity gains were real. Information technology and corporate reorganization created real growth. It was not imaginary. It was not like these profit margins that people were suggesting they had on the balance sheets that were a lie. There actually was growth.  The economy, the marketplace has created real growth. In what economists like to call the real economy where jobs are created, where goods are produced, the real economy is faster and more efficient today than it was a decade ago. Even old industries in our manufacturing sector have gained from advances in new materials, as well as improvement in information sharing and organization.  We also know that a lot of what looked like growth, particularly in the financial sector, was only paper profits and a lot of it was written in disappearing ink. Profits and paper valuations were all too often inflated by wishful thinking, by self-dealing analysts, by accounting gimmicks, and by outright fraud.  The amendment I am proud to support offered by Senators Levin and Corzine and others addresses one of the most glaring problems behind those inflated profit statements that fueled the stock boom that is now unwinding.  Stock options are, as advocates tell us, a useful device. They can reward employees when companies are so young that they have little else to offer. Of course, we all want to encourage startup companies in every responsible way we can. Also, stock options in theory, and sometimes in practice, keep employees' and corporate officers' incentives tied to the growth of their companies, but unlike virtually every other kind of compensation the firm can give its employees, stock options do not have to be listed on annual reports as an expense, and that means the more stock options you give, the less compensation you have to report, the lower your reported expenses, the higher your reported bottom line.  That part is simple, and that is a big reason stock options became so attractive not only for the good things they can do, but also for the convenient way they inflated earnings statements and I would even say, if I want to go overboard and defend corporate America, even defending those corporate executives who when they take the train up to Wall Street and have some 30-year-odd or 35-year-old guy sitting around a table saying: OK, what are you going to do next quarter? And giant companies that are strong and mature would say: We are going to do as well as last quarter. That is not good enough. We are going to downgrade your stock and your company.  I remember one CEO of a major Fortune 10 company telling me, I have to do one of three things: I have to say, so be it, and keep on the long-term course or go out there and find some new product on the shelf, which I wish I had, that could increase productivity and profit, or go home and do something. The ``do something'' usually meant go home and cut the number of employees you have, cut expenses.  Guess what. I do not think these are bad, evil, and venal people. They went home, and there is an easy way to do it. Let's make sure compensation is not reflected as an expense. So instead of paying the top executives an additional $15 million in compensation, give them stock options. Guess what. The bottom line looked $15 million better than it did before.  That is not rocket science, and it may have been produced by Wall Street's desire for immediate gratification, immediate response. Whatever the reason, it turned out to be as much of a liability in the literal sense, as much as a damaging impact as the good things it could do by tying the employees' fate as well as the CEO's fate to their company.  I see my friend from Utah standing. Does he want to ask me a question?  