 President, I will vote against the Warner amendment. Letme state at the outset my view on several issues that this amendment raises.  First, I want to make clear that I do not support the International Criminal Court as it is constituted. The Rome Statute which creates the Court is flawed, and it would be a mistake for the United States to become a party to the Court under the Statute. The President made clear last month that the United States will not do so.  I do support protecting American servicemen and women. The Court statute purports to provide jurisdiction over individuals from nations which have not become party to it. That is wrong as a matter of treaty law and of basic fairness. We can and must protect our servicemen from the jurisdiction of this tribunal. I believe the President and Secretary Rumsfeld will do what is necessary to do so. We do not need this amendment to allow a President to use ``a necessary force'' to force any American servicemen from the custody of any international court.  I do not want to harm U.S. interest overseas. Many of our closest allies in Europe are strong supporters of this Court. This legislation will further complicate our relationship with those friends. Moreover, it takes aim at allies outside of Europe with punitive measures.  Finally, I do not, as a constitutional matter, want to give carte blanche to any President to rescue even American individuals detained by the Court who are not citizens.  The amendment contains a sweeping authorization to the President to use force to rescue not only Americans detained by the International Criminal Court, but also nationals of several allied countries.  The authority to rescue U.S. nationals, I submit, is probably unnecessary: most scholars would agree that the President has the authority to rescue Americans abroad who are in serious danger from a foreign power or circumstance. If an American is detained by the Court, the President will surely have the support of the Congress to take whatever action necessary to rescue that servicemember.  The authority to rescue foreign nationals, such as an accused war criminal from Australia or Egypt, is unwise. As a constitutional matter, I am unwilling to give the President such a blank check to invade the Netherlands--where this Court will be located. Only the Congress has the power to authorize such use of force, and we should not do so in advance, without knowing all the circumstances.  I am also concerned about a provision which bars military assistance to countries which join the Court. This would apply, as the Senator from Connecticut noted, to our assistance to Colombia, a country we have been strongly supporting with substantial military assistance. This restriction may be waived on two alternative grounds, but I ask my colleagues: why would we even consider cutting off aid to our ally in Colombia because it made the sovereign choice to join the International Criminal Court?  This provision does not apply to our NATO partners, and certain non-NATO allies like Egypt, Israel and Japan. How can we tell our NATO allies or others that they are free to join the Court without fearing an aid restriction, but then turn around and tell other countries that they could face penalties if they join the Court?  This provision is directly contrary to the position of the Bush Administration. When the Administration announced its position on the International Criminal Court last month, Under Secretary of State Marc Grossman made it clear that the United States was going to ``respect the decision of those nations who have chosen to join the ICC.'' This provision to cut off military aid would violate that principle.  My bottom line is this: we should not join the Court as it is currently constituted. Its provisions purporting to extend jurisdiction to non-parties and the inclusion in the Statute of the crime of aggression and sufficient reason to do so.  But this legislation is not necessary to protect our interests. President Bush has adequate powers to do that. It adds very little to the powers he now possesses. But it could complicate our foreign policy with friends in Europe and elsewhere. And it gives future Presidents a blank check to rescue foreign nationals detained by the Court. I think that is a mistake, and therefore will vote no.  