 President, this is a happy day in the Senate. We are here to talk about our buddy, Jesse Helms. It is a sad day in that we talk about Jesse Helms leaving. Other than the Senator from Alaska, there is no one who has served longer with Jesse Helms than I have. We came here during the same election cycle, and we came here the same day. We started off with a rocky start. I was a 30-year-old kid who had only been in this Senate once before in my life. That was when I came on the floor of the U.S. Senate while spending a weekend at Georgetown University. Back in those days, you didn't have all the guards and all the security. I came in Saturday morning. I was mesmerized by this magnificent place. I walked in the back doors. They were open. I walked right through. The Senate had been in on Saturday. I was unaware it had been in session. By the time I got here, it had gone out of session. I literally walked onto the floor of the Senate. I was absolutely, as kids used to say, blown away. I stood there in awe. I literally stood at that door. I walked up there. No one was here. I stood where the Presiding Officer was. The next thing I knew, this guy grabbed me by the shoulder and put me under arrest. He was a Capitol policeman. He took me downstairs.  Most people do not know there is a Capitol police office in the basement of the Capitol. He took me down there, and he was going to arrest me for trespassing. He realized I was just a college kid who was in awe. They didn't do anything. They just said do not do it again.  The next time I was on the floor of the U.S. Senate, and the first time I really spoke spontaneously on the floor, was to my friend Jesse Helms. I remember he was a junior Senator with immense experience. He had been an administrative assistant to one of the leading Senators in the U.S. Senate. He knew the place. He knew the system. He was standing at the desk, if I recollect, in that quadrant in the back. He was on the floor. There was another Senator from Kentucky named Marlow Cook who was standing on the floor. He was moving what is the most thankless job in the U.S. Senate for any Senator other than being on the D.C. Committee; that is, he had the responsibility of moving the legislative appropriations bill.  I walked onto the floor to see what was going on. I was literally walking through. We had a committee meeting which had ended. I walked over to see what the state of play was. I was aware of the junior Senator from North Carolina. My seat used to be in the very back corner. I walked onto the floor through that door, walked across, and stopped where the junior Senator from North Carolina was. There was a heated debate going on between the junior Senator from North Carolina--Sam Ervin was the senior Senator--and Marlow Cook, the Senator from Kentucky. It was about either staff pay or Senators' pay, or whatever it was, and the Senator from North Carolina, as usual, was making a very compelling case as to why we should be basically not paying anything.  I am only kidding, Jesse. It was close to that.  I stood there on the floor, and as I have done many times in my 30-year career in the U.S. Senate, I did not listen to the admonition I am told you used to be given by the Speaker of the House, Sam Rayburn. I am told in his board-of-education way he used to say to new Members of the House back in the 1950s, If you can say nothing, say nothing; if you can nod, don't speak; if you don't have to nod, don't do anything or something to that effect, meaning keep your mouth shut.  I have often broken that rule, unfortunately. I stood there listening to this debate, and I spoke up. I made the mistake of taking on the Senator from North Carolina.  He won't remember this.  The result was I ended up with a black-box editorial--literally, an editorial on the front page of the New Hampshire Manchester Union Leader with a big black box around it, which used to be done by Mr. Loeb in those days, talking about the audacity of the young Senator from Delaware taking on the point being made by the Senator from North Carolina. That was my first encounter of debating the Senator. It warranted me a front-page article in the Manchester Union Leader that was not flattering at all, which taught me two things. No. 1, if you are going to debate the Senator from North Carolina, come prepared with the facts. No. 2, understand that his reach goes far beyond North Carolina.  It did even then as a new U.S. Senator, a freshman U.S.  Senator, the Senator from North Carolina, walked on this floor. From the day he arrived, he had an impact. I do not think that can be said of anyone, I say to Senator Helms, in our class. We had a big class. There were, I think, 13 new Members that year. Far and away, the man who stood out was the Senator from North Carolina. He has stood out every day since then.  It is no surprise to anyone here the Senator from North Carolina, Senator Helms, and I have not always seen eye to eye. We come from different political points on the spectrum. We have had some heated debates. The Senator advocated some positions I would fight to my dying day to defeat as he would things I proposed which he feels in principle are not the way to go.  One of the magic things about this place I learned from Senators with whom Senator Helms and I served when we first got here--Senators such as Goldwater, Humphrey, and Kennedy--is you can have serious disagreements on this floor about the direction of this Nation, but that is no excuse to be personally disagreeable.  I can remember--as my friend from North Carolina can, as can my friend from New Mexico, who came the same year, and as can the Senator from Alaska, who was here before us--the day when Hubert Humphrey walked on the floor literally dying, and we watched Barry Goldwater walk up to him, embrace him, and put his arms around him in that well, and both of them cried. These were men of opposite sides of the political spectrum of the day--two leading figures in American politics representing the left and the right, and they stood in that well and embraced. They embraced in an emotional moment no one could misunderstand the meaning of. It was real. It was genuine. It was deep.  It is, in my view, the unique and, I think, single most endearing feature of this body, the U.S. Senate.  If we serve here long enough, and if we are smart enough, we understand that it is not appropriate to question the motivation of a Senator for what he or she is proposing. It is totally appropriate to question their judgment. It is totally appropriate to question whether they are right. It is totally appropriate to disagree. But it is inappropriate to question the motivation of a Senator because the men and women who come here are men and women of honor. They come here because they care deeply about the fate of their Nation. They care deeply about specific issues, and some intensely on some issues.  The thing that I think the Senator from North Carolina embodies most is that tradition that no matter how intensely you disagree on the issue, theSenator from North Carolina, speaking for myself, has never, ever questioned my motive, never, ever questioned my desire to do good, whether or not he thought what I was proposing would, in fact, ``do good.''  We have not agreed on a lot of things, but we have also agreed on an awful lot of things. I can tell you that I will miss Senator Helms.  Let me tell you, with, as they say in this body, a point of personal privilege, a few stories about Senator Helms.  There are two figures remaining in the Senate who are, for either political extreme, left and right--left of the Democratic Party and right of the Republican Party--who are lightning rods. It is Senator Helms in the Republican Party and Senator Kennedy in the Democratic Party. They are sort of the icons of both parties. They are men who are revered in their parties. They are both nationally known.  I can say what a lot of people don't know about the Senator from North Carolina: For all the intensity with which he takes on issues, for all the depth of his feelings about issues that are so socially highly charged--left and right--this is a man who has a very, very soft side.  I had gone to the Senator, when I was the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, and indicated to him--not even asking but lamenting--the fact that I did not have enough staff allowance to hire certain people. And the Senator from North Carolina said: Take my money. The Senator from North Carolina said: Who do you need? What do you need? OK.  He did not have to do that, by the way. Many other committees around here fight tooth and nail over exactly who is going to get to be the doorman to whether or not you have to sign off to get stationery. Not the Senator from North Carolina, not the Senator from North Carolina.  When I was ill, it was the Senator from North Carolina who was on the phone immediately checking to talk to my doctors to make sure he thought I had the right doctors, and checking at Walter Reed regularly to see how I was doing.  If you want to understand something about Senator Helms, you ought to meet Mrs. Helms.  If you met Mrs. Helms, who is one of the finest, most decent women I have ever met--she is the definition of a lady--you would understand the depth of Jesse Helms. For a woman of her grace, a woman of her compassion, a woman of her depth, to love and be devoted to this man as deeply as she is, you know, you know, you know there has to be something awfully, awfully, awfully good about Jesse Helms.  My mom has an expression. She says: If my children love somebody, I love them, too, because I know how good they are and they could not love unless there was something there.  Dot Helms adores Jesse Helms, as he adores her. Those of us who have had the privilege to serve with Jesse up close and personal for a long time have seen some of what Mrs. Helms has seen and what a lot of the world does not see. They see the gentlemanly side of him. They see the courtly side of him. They appreciate him. But they do not fully understand the depth of the compassion, the depth of the friendship, the depth of the loyalty that resides in that man Jesse Helms.  There was a guy named Bud Nance. If you knew Bud Nance, you knew Jesse Helms. If you knew how Bud Nance adored Jesse Helms, that would be the second piece of evidence you would know of what a fine man this man Jesse Helms is.  Jesse, I love you. I think you are dead wrong on the issues, still. I disagree with you completely. As you said, when I cast my 10,000th vote, you congratulated me as the youngest man in history to have cast 10,000 votes, and lamented it would have been better had I cast some of them the right way. And I understand. We both feel that way about each other's voting record.  But I want you to know how I personally feel about you and how I think the vast majority--anybody who has gotten to work with you as closely as I have--feels about you. I am going to sincerely miss you, Jesse. And we are going to miss your courtly manners. We are going to miss the fact that whenever there is a crunch, one of the first guys to step up to offer help is Jesse Helms.  But I have no doubt you will still be there for me. I have no doubt you will still be there for the rest of us. We need you.  Some think Jesse Helms and I could not possibly see eye to eye, that we come from opposite points on the political spectrum. There is no denying that is true.  Senator Helms has advocated some positions I would fight to my dying breath to defeat but he also represents the best of this institution. He is a friend, an honorable Senator who holds boldly to his values, and yet has always held to the civility of debate in the pursuit of comity.  Some said he and I couldn't possibly work together on the Foreign Relations Committee.  In fact, I think we have worked very well together and I think he would agree.  We may not have agreed on many of the important issues that have faced this Nation. In fact, we probably haven't agreed on most of them.  But I can say this: I will deeply miss Senator Helms. I will miss his voice in this Chamber. I will miss his counsel. I will miss his genuine kindness. His devotion to his duty and the dignity with which he unfailingly performs it.  I will miss his brand of leadership. That determined, dedicated, forceful, committed leadership, that leadership that comes from a deep and abiding concern for this Nation and from deeply held values and beliefs which he fights to uphold.  And, yes, I will miss his warmth. Though some might not always see it, it is there, I can assure you.  Some of my more combative Democratic friends might be skeptical of me for saying these things, but they don't know Jesse Helms like I do.  They don't know that even if you find yourself precariously balanced on your side of the political spectrum, in the heat of a debate, whether it is on foreign aid, on issues of war and peace, civil rights, equal rights, constitutional law, whatever the issue, Senator Helms may disagree with you and point out the holes in your argument, but you can count on him to hold out his hand.  He holds strong views, but he is exceedingly respectful--a gentleman committed to his position but willing to listen to yours.  He is, in the truest sense, a man of honor and considerable decency. And, quite frankly, there are no qualifies more important to this Chamber.  Few Senators in my tenure have played as significant a role in the affairs of this Nation as Jesse Helms.  But the most remarkable thing about this man is that, not withstanding his impeccable conservative credentials, when confronted with new facts and new ideas, he has always been at least willing to listen.  A perfect example was his leadership in reconciling and restoring the position of the United States at the U.N.  And, while chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, he directed and accomplished the most significant reorganization of the State Department in recent memory.  Having served with Jesse Helms for almost 30 years, I can tell you, on a personal level, he is one of the most thoughtful, considerate, and gracious Senators to grace this Chamber.  If you knew Mrs. Helms, his beloved Dot, you would know why he is this way.  Senator Helms and I arrived here the same day and took the oath together.  Before he came, he served in the Navy in World War II. As a broadcaster and journalist, Senate staffer, editor of a banking publication that he made the largest in the Nation, a broadcaster CEO, editorial writer, city councilman, a Baptist deacon, a Sunday school teacher, and a U.S. Senator, Jesse Helms has served with distinction.  These 30 years have passed all too quickly. But I am honored to have known him. I am proud to have worked with him, especially over these last 6 years.  I have learned much from him, and will continue to seek his counsel and his advice.  William Penn said, ``A good friend . . . advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably,'' Jesse Helms has been a good friend, and I expect to continue our friendship as well as our debate long after he leaves this Chamber. He will, indeed, be missed.  I thank my colleagues for the extended time. I could talk for an hour about what a good man Jesse Helms is.  