 President, assisting Andean countries combat illicit narcotics is an important national security goal for the United States. The Foreign Relations Committee has heard considerable testimony from the administration and other witnesses as to the importance of this issue, both for the United States and for the maintenance of democracy in South America. Much effort and resources are already being devoted to this important goal, and the Administration plans to do still more. The Andean Trade Preferences Act extension passed by the Senate adds important additional support to this effort.  At the same time, however, the United States and our allies are also engaged in a war against terrorism. Defeating global terrorism is a goal no less important than eradicating narcotics trafficking. One of the frontline States in the war against terrorism is the Philippines where, at the invitation of the Philippine Government, U.S. troops have been deployed to train the Armed Forces of the Philippines in counterterrorism. The reason our joint counterterrorism mission with the Philippines is relevant to discussion of the Andean trade bill is because one provision contained in this bill, in a laudable effort to support the legitimate economies of Andean countries, will seriously damage our counter-terrorism effort in the Philippines.  The problematic provision is one that would give preference to Andean countries that export tuna to the United States. The primary loser in the tuna market would be countries in the Asia-Pacific region, especially our close treaty allies Thailand and the Philippines. Moreover, the Philippines' tuna industry is based in the southern province of Mindanao, precisely the region in which we are engaged in our counterterrorism mission. Indeed, Mindanao's tuna industry is in part the result of a successful U.S. foreign assistance program which helped develop economic alternatives for Muslim insurgents that have been active in the region for many years. I say this economic development program has been successful in Mindanao because most of the former insurgents have laid down their weapons and joined mainstream life in the Philippines. Only the most radical remain terrorists.  So, in the Philippines today we have a successful counterterrorism effort underway that incorporates both economic incentives to give people a reason to participate in civil society, and military action against the few extremists who remain committed to violence. We cannot afford to remove one of the pillars of this effort by giving a competing trade advantage to Andean countries. This must be corrected as this bill moves to conference.  