 I have great respect for my friend from Utah. Based on what he says, it seems to me it would have had a negative impact rather than a positive impact. That is one of the things we talk about at the front end.  Whatever we do here should have a positive impact. There is something else stock options do, too. Becausestock options are predominantly awarded to top executives, they are a great way to give yourself a sweetheart deal, with a powerful incentive for executives to look for ways to inflate stock prices so their stock options, at least for a while, are worth millions, even hundreds of millions of dollars.  Here is what Business Week said about stock options back in March:       Options grants that promised to turn caretaker corporate      managers into multimillionaires in just a few years encourage      some to ignore the basics in favor of pumping up stock      prices.  And pump they did. Here is how much stock options distorted the bottom line for some of the biggest and best companies in America. One study by a London-based consulting firm, Smither and Company, looked at the use of stock options by 145 of the largest U.S. companies.  They found that those firms overstated profit by 30 percent in 1995, 36 percent in 1996, 56 percent in 1997, and 50 percent in 1998.  Other analysts, including the Federal Reserve, have found the same thing.  These are huge distortions in the picture the public was given about these companies and a huge distortion in information investors were using to allocate capital. That kind of distortion was clearly a big factor, maybe in addition to what my friend from Utah says, in driving up those stock prices that are now falling back to Earth.  This is no simple problem. The 200 biggest firms now allocate more than 16 percent of their stock in options. Let me repeat that.  The 200 biggest firms now allocate more than 16 percent of their stock in options, mostly for their very top executives.  The potential for distortion and the temptation to distort is great.  Remember these stock options are predominantly given to top executives.  One study in 1998 found that 220 of the top managers at Fortune 500 firms received an average of 279 time the number of stock options awarded to each of the firms' other employees.  Two hundred and seventy-nine times what ordinary employees got.  Despite the increased use of stock options this is clearly a device top management has largely preserved for itself, and the kind of incentives they created are now all too clear.  This amendment takes what I believe is the most restrained and most careful approach to the problem of stock options.  It does not legislate accounting standards, and it does not dictate outcomes.  It tells the Financial Accounting Standards Board that it is given new resources and new independence by the underlying Sarbanes amendment. It provides for FASB to come up with appropriate techniques to account for stock options, it does not dictate a one-size-fits-all at this moment, and it gives them a year to do it.  This is not about Government intervention this is about getting us out of the way of what every expert from Alan Greenspan to Warren Buffett and FASB itself says should be done.  It does nothing to interfere with the issuing of stock options.  It is about giving shareholders and investors the information they need to reassert their control over America's corporations. That will help to promote companies' long-term value, and reduce the temptation to pump up short-term stock prices.  This amendment can help promote a stronger form of stockholder democracy, to cure a system that a greedy few have turned to their own personal advantage. That kind of democracy needs openness and clarity--honest information to make informed decisions.  This amendment is real reform, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  I thank my friend from Utah for his intervention, and I thank my friend from Iowa for listening.  I yield the floor.  