President, I listened with interest to the tremendous statement made by the Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein, earlier today. She has spoken of this issue on other occasions, and we Americans should listen.  More than a decade ago the Central Intelligence Agency began detaining and torturing human beings in the name of the war on terrorism. Then employees and contractors of the U.S. Government, paid for by our taxpayers' dollars, abused and degraded, dehumanized people. They stripped them of their basic humanity. But more than stripping them of their basic humanity, they stripped America of its standing in the world as the leader of promoting and protecting human rights. Instead of protecting us as Americans, by their actions they hurt all Americans.  President Obama banned torture and cruel treatment when he took office, but only now, because of the courage and conviction of Senator Feinstein and the other members of the Intelligence Committee and their staffs, do we have a full and public accounting of the CIA's actions--an accounting the American people deserve.  The decision to release this historic report, as Senator Feinstein has courageously said, has been difficult, but it was the right and moral thing to do. If something is right and something is moral, no matter how difficult it is, you should do it. Releasing the report demonstrates that America--the America I love--is different. As Americans, we cannot sweep our mistakes under the rug and pretend they did not happen. We have to acknowledge our mistakes. We have to learn from our mistakes. In this case, we as Americans must and will do everything we can to ensure that our government never tortures again.  Five years ago, in 2009, I called for a commission of inquiry to review the Bush administration's detention and interrogation program and other sweeping claims of executive power by the Bush administration. I believe that in order to restore America's moral leadership, we have to acknowledge what happened in our name because much of the leadership we can show around the world is not based on our wealth or on the power of our military but on our moral leadership. Our Nation needed back then a full accounting of the CIA's treatment of detainees, and we need it today. With this report, at long last we have it.  This is not the first report to record or condemn the detention and interrogation policies and practices that were used during the last administration, but it is the first to fully chronicle the actions of the most secretive of our government agencies, the Central Intelligence Agency. The final report lays bare the dark truth about their program. That truth is far worse and it is far more brutal than most Americans ever imagined.  We have all seen the shocking pictures from Abu Ghraib. We have read the cold, clinical description of ``harsh'' or ``enhanced'' techniques written by Department of Justice attorneys to justify such treatment. We know that what was done at Abu Ghraib terribly diminished the image of the United States throughout the world. It did not make us safer by one iota. In fact, many would argue it made us less safe.  The report makes clear one fundamental truth: The CIA tortured people. That is the bottom line. No euphemistic description or legal obfuscation or pettifoggery can hide that fact any longer. The Intelligence Committee report shows that techniques such as waterboarding and sleep deprivation were used in ways far more frequent and cruel and harmful than previously known. It shows that gross mismanagement by those in charge at the CIA and a shocking indifference to human dignity led to horrendous treatment and conditions of confinement that went far beyond even what they had been approving. It turns out that the senior CIA leadership did not even know that ``enhanced'' techniques were being used at one CIA detention facility. In fact, in one instance, one of their prisoners died as a result, left shackled on a concrete floor in a dungeon room, and likely died of hypothermia.  This is America? This is what we stand for? This is the image we want to give the rest of the world? This American does not think so. This American does not think so. It is not what brought my grandparents and great-grandparents to this country.  These so-called ``enhanced'' interrogation techniques were not just used on the worst of the worst either. In some instances, the CIA did not even know whom it was holding. CIA records show that at least 26 people detained by the CIA did not meet the CIA's own standard for detention. Some of these individuals were subjected to--and this is a wonderful slogan--``enhanced'' techniques. What an evil slogan. Some detainees were determined not even to be members of Al Qaeda.  Moreover, the CIA relied on contractors--not even CIA personnel but contractors--who had no experience as interrogators to develop this program. They were happy to take American taxpayers' money. They did not know what they were doing, but they said: Give us the money. Eventually the CIA outsourced all aspects of the program to the company these contractors set up. Did they make a few thousand dollars? No. They made $80 million. This was a program out of control. It is yet another reason why Congress has to exercise its oversight responsibility.  The report also disproves CIA claims that torture programs were necessary to protect our Nation, and that it thwarted attacks. How many times have we heard it before--that we need this to protect us; we need this to protect us from another 9/11? We had all of the evidence we needed to stop 9/11, but the government had not even bothered to translate some of the material that our intelligence people had already obtained. After the fact, they decided: We should really translate some of that material we have. Then we found it could have been stopped.  This program of torture did not make us safer. As laid out in meticulous detail in the report, the use of these techniques did not generate uniquely valuable intelligence. In fact, the report thoroughly repudiates each of the most commonly cited examples of plots thwarted and terrorists captured. That should not come as a surprise.  The Senate Judiciary Committee held numerous hearings on the Bush administration's interrogation policies and practices. What we heard time and again from witness after witness is that torture and other cruel treatments do not work. But there are still some who continue to argue, even in the face of overwhelming testimony and actually now hard evidence to the contrary, that the program thwarted attacks and saved lives. They defend the CIA's action. They argue that the report does not tell the full story. But these are often the same people who participated in the rampant misrepresentations detailed in this report.  The report shows that CIA officials consistently misled virtually everyone outside the Agency about what was actually going on and about the results of the CIA interrogations--very similar to what we heard leading up to the war in Iraq after 9/11. I remember being in those hearings. I remember listening to the then-Vice President. I remember listening to others in those secret hearings and thinking: It does not ring true. I stated to others that I thought some of the things they were telling us did not ring true.  I remember walking early one morning with my wife near our home and two joggers coming up, calling us by name. These were people we had never seen before in the neighborhood.  One of them said, ``I hear you have some questions.'' He asked whether I had asked to see a particular document.  I said, ``I haven't. I didn't know there was such a thing.''  He said, ``You might find it interesting to read.''  So I did. Then I raised even more questions about what I read there, which totally contradicted what the Vice President and others were saying. I mentioned that to some.  A few days later we are out walking again. Both joggers--my wife remembers this so well--they said, ``I see you read the document.''  I said, ``I did.''  ``But did they tell you about this other document?''  I said, ``I didn't know there was such a document.''  ``You may find it interesting.''  And so I then reviewed it. It was obvious from what I read that they were withholding evidence that Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with 9/11, contrary to what the Vice President and others were saying; that there were no weapons of mass destruction; and that in fact, they were actually well penned in by the no-fly zone we had set up. But instead we rushed into war because we sought to avenge 9/11, even though they had nothing to do with 9/11. Now almost $3 trillion later, look at the mess we are in.  The report released today details how, like the run-up to the war in Iraq, material that was held back from people who should have seen it. This included Members of Congress, White House officials, even Justice Department lawyers who were being asked to review the legality of CIA techniques.  In the coming weeks, as we go into the new Congress, we are going to hear a lot about the need for oversight. I would hope the new leadership would look at the report Senator Feinstein and her committee have come out with, because this is where oversight should be--at the top of the list. So too should the unprecedented spying by the CIA on the congressional staff investigating this program. Just think about that. They investigated Members of Congress who were asking them about things they had done wrong. Then there is also the troubling pattern of intimidation, which includes the CIA referring its own congressional overseers to the Justice Department for criminal prosecution. My God, we are going back to the Joseph McCarthy days with things like this. This report and those actions show a CIA out of control. It is incumbent upon all of us--Republicans and Democrats alike--in the Congress to hold the Agency accountable.  The Judiciary Committee should take a hard look at the role of the Department of Justice and its legal justifications for this program. Much ink has been spilled criticizing the OLC opinion written during the Bush administration by John Yoo, Jay Bybee, and Stephen Bradbury. The OLC has always had a good reputation, but these opinions sullied the reputation of that office, and they have been rightly repudiated. But the report also demonstrates that even those opinions were the result of key misrepresentations by the CIA about the seniority of the people subjected to these techniques, the implementation of the techniques, and the intelligence resulting from them.  As an institution, if we truly represent 325 million Americans, do we not have a responsibility to examine the systemic failure that allowed this to happen and then to ensure that it does not happen again?  Those who attack the credibility of this report are wrong. This report is not based on conjecture or theory or insinuation. Anyone who reads it can see that this careful, thorough report was meticulously researched and written. It is based on more than 6 million pages of CIA cables, emails, and other documents containing descriptions that CIA employees and contractors themselves recorded.  I believe Senator Feinstein and the other members of the Intelligence Committee who worked on this deserve our respect and our appreciation.  Intelligence Committee staffers, too, have dedicated years of their lives to this report. They have demonstrated courage and dedication in the face of enormous challenges, because they thought first and foremost about the United States of America.  In the past year they were even threatened with criminal prosecution. Why? For doing the job they are supposed to do for the United States of America. But they would not allow themselves to be intimidated. They have served their country well, and they have my deepest appreciation for bringing us this truly historic study.  I thank their families, because they couldn't tell their families the things they were reading. I imagine the families knew of some of these attacks on them. Their families too deserve our thanks.  I am disappointed that those same honorable staffers had to spend so many months arguing with this White House about redactions to this report--a White House that is supposed to be dedicated to transparency. This report should have been issued months ago, and it still contains more redactions than it should. I can think of some who will wonder why the redactions are there, but I am gratified that we can finally shed light on this dark chapter.  Among the many lessons we can take from this report is that Americans deserve more government transparency, and that is essential to a strong democracy. Just yesterday the Senate unanimously passed a bipartisan bill, the Leahy-Cornyn FOIA Improvement Act. It significantly improves the Freedom of Information Act. Today's release of this report is another important victory for greater government transparency.  I strongly disagree with those who argue that the reports should not come out and who have tried to pressure and silence Senator Feinstein. Don't place the blame on those who are telling the truth. Place the blame squarely where it belongs: on those who authorized and carried out a systematic program of torture and secret detention, which is in violation of domestic law, and in violation of international law. But more importantly it is in violation of the fundamental principles of morality on which our great Nation was founded.  In trying times, such as those we faced after September 11 and those we face now, we look to our intelligence, military, and law enforcement professionals to keep us safe. We are fortunate to have so many dedicated and talented people serving in the intelligence community, military, and law enforcement. But one lesson for their sake, our sake, and our country's sake, is that we should never become so blinded by fear that we are willing to sacrifice our own principles, laws, and humanity.  We are the greatest, most powerful Nation on Earth. We cannot turn our backs on our laws, our history, and our Constitution because we are afraid. This Senator is not afraid.  No matter what, our enemies are human beings. And no matter how hardened and evil they are, no matter how repulsive their actions--and many are--no matter how horribly they have treated their own victims, we do not torture them--because we don't join them on that dark side of history. We stand on the other side of history as Americans. Generations of men and women have given their lives and many have even endured torture themselves in order to protect this Nation. They did so not to protect our way of life, but to protect our principles, our understanding of right and wrong, of humanity, of evil.  The shameful actions uncovered by this report dishonored those men and women who have fought to protect what is the best of our Nation, as well as the men and women even today who continue to put their lives at risk for this country.  Americans know, throughout this country, that we are better than this. As we heard after Abu Ghraib and we will hear now, we are better than this and we should never let this happen again. Let's show the rest of the world, too.  I have spoken much longer than I normally do, but this is important to me.  I yield the floor.  