President, today, we will vote to confirm Nancy Moritz to fill a vacancy in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Nancy Moritz is currently a justice on the Kansas Supreme Court, where she has been serving since 2011. She has the qualifications and has the support of her two Republican home State Senators, Mr. Pat Roberts and Mr. Jerry Moran. She was also reported from the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote this past January.  The Republicans continue to object to votes on all judicial nominations, even for completely noncontroversial nominees such as Justice Moritz. Cloture was finally invoked on Justice Moritz's nomination last week. There is no reason her nomination should have been filibustered given the bipartisan support that she has.  In fact, Justice Moritz should and could have been confirmed last year. She was first nominated last August, but her hearing was delayed until mid-November because of the Republican shutdown of the Federal Government. Senate Republicans then refused to vote on her nomination in committee at the end of last year and her nomination was returned to the President. As a result, the President had to renominate Justice Moritz and the Judiciary Committee had to reprocess her nomination this year. When we finally confirm Justice Moritz today, her nomination will have taken more than 9 months. It should not take this long to process noncontroversial nominees.  Justice Moritz has now served on the Kansas Supreme Court for nearly 4 years. Prior to joining the Kansas Supreme Court, she was an appellate judge on the Kansas Court of Appeals from 2004 to 2011. Before becoming a judge, she spent nearly 10 years as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Kansas City and Topeka offices. From 1989 until 1995, she was an associate at Spencer, Fane Britt & Browne, LLP in Kansas City and Overland Park. From 1987 to 1989, she served as a law clerk to the Honorable Patrick F. Kelly, U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas. Her breadth and depth of experience as both a practitioner and a jurist will make her well suited to serve on the Tenth Circuit.  I urge all of my colleagues to vote to confirm this excellent nominee.  