President, today the Senate will finally act to send legislation to the President's desk that will ensure that Vermonters and 1.5 million Americans across the country will continue to receive satellite television programming at the end of the year. The legislation reauthorizes the Satellite Television Extension and Localism Act, STELA, which creates a distant signal statutory license to receive broadcast television signals via satellite. This legislation is the product of four committees in the Senate andHouse. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I worked with Senator Grassley on the copyright aspects of this legislation to focus on preventing disruption to consumers. Because of our work together, the Judiciary Committee unanimously reported its portion of this bill on June 26 and all of these provisions are in the bill the Senate will pass today.  Sending this bill to the President shows the American people that Congress can come together in a bipartisan and bicameral fashion to pass legislation. Vermonters who rely on the distant signal license for their broadcast programming can rest easy today knowing that their existing television stations will not disappear from their screens come December 31.  Over the years I have worked on the Judiciary Committee to ensure that all Vermonters have access to Vermont broadcast television stations. In previous reauthorizations, including STELA's most recent reauthorization in 2010, I have made it a priority to ensure that every Vermont satellite subscriber has the option to watch Vermont-focused programming. Local broadcast stations play an important role in informing and fostering a sense of community. This is particularly true in a small State like mine. I am proud to have made sure that residents in every corner of Vermont will continue to have a choice to see Vermont news.  The Judiciary Committee portion of this legislation reauthorizes the distant signal license for another 5 years. It is narrowly crafted to ensure that consumers do not see any disruption in service, but also designed to make sure that content holders who are paid royalties under this license continue to receive an annual cost of living adjustment beginning from the rate that is currently in place. The distant signal license is important to consumers. I recognize, however, that compulsory licenses do not always reflect the true market value of the content that is being licensed. The mechanisms to modestly increase the rate when appropriate remain in place. Through the Senate Judiciary Committee process, I worked with Senator Durbin, who offered a non-controversial amendment to expand the carriage of low power television stations on cable systems. I was happy to support this amendment because improving the reach of these stations so that more viewers can see them will help to expand the diversity of voices available on cable. That is as important in Burlington, VT as it is in Chicago.  I share the concerns of several Senators who wanted this legislation to do more to promote competition. It is unfortunate that the House of Representatives would not agree to the Senate's stronger language in this regard, but I was willing to compromise because the threat of letting the law expire was too great. The language in the bill we will pass today is better than what was in the original House bill. Overall, this legislation is a win for viewers in Vermont and across the country. I look forward to the President signing it into law.  