Our committee heard testimony about the need for concrete, fundamental protections to ensure that the Internet is not abused by those who control how we connect to the Internet.  The timing of the hearing was not a coincidence. I convened it during a week when Americans were gathering to celebrate what our Founders put in motion more than 200 years ago. While no one then could have imagined how important the Internet would become, the sentiment and priorities expressed at the hearing would have made our Founders proud. We heard from hard-working business owners and consumers about the role of the Internet in enhancing free expression, and also as a free and open marketplace where competition drives innovation.  I brought the Judiciary Committee to Burlington to show the Federal Communications Commission and Congress that the decisions we make on this issue will have deep and wide impact far outside of the Nation's capital, and in the economies of our local communities.  Witnesses at this field hearing warned of how the FCC's proposed approach to new Net neutrality rules would actually harm small businesses, community institutions, and consumers--the people we have in every one of our States whom we represent. I will give an example. Cabot Orton, the proprietor of the Vermont Country Store, testified that they started off as just a local general store in Vermont and now have an e-commerce site that accounts for 40 percent of their overall revenue. One-third of their 450 employees support those Internet transactions. These are a lot of people hired in our little State of Vermont because they have open access to the Internet.  Mr. Orton was clear about his concerns. He said:       We're not asking for special treatment, incentives or      subsidies. All the small business community asks is simply to      preserve and protect Internet commerce as it exists today,      which has served all businesses remarkably well.  I have to agree with him.  Another Vermont small business owner, Lisa Groeneveld, explained that her company Logic Supply spent money building a quality product, not purchasing preferential Internet access. She said that ``without an Open and Fair Internet based on the equal access, our business wouldn't even exist today.'' This successful company is an amazing example of how the Internet can help grow small businesses in Vermont.  Both of these witnesses testified that the success they have achieved with their online businesses would have been difficult to accomplish if the Internet had been a pay-to-play world when they initially launched their sites.  Think of all the companies, whether in Vermont, Massachusetts, or any other State, next year or the year after that want to launch online if suddenly the rules were different for them than for a company that has a lot of money.  We heard other perspectives too. Vermont's State librarian, Martha Reid, testified about the need to ensure equal access for those who rely on public libraries for their Internet access, which includes many people in rural areas.  Vermonters know of my love for the library I frequented growing up, the Kellogg Hubbard Library. I received my first library card there, in Montpelier, when I was 4. I went there to learn, not just to read.  Ms. Reid testified that ``all Americans--including the most disenfranchised citizens, those who would have no way to access the Internet without the library--need to be able to use Internet resources on an equal footing.''  Ms. Reid's testimony was supported by former FCC Commissioner Michael Copps, who explained that ``an Internet controlled and managed for the benefit of the `haves' discriminates against our rights not just as consumers but, more importantly, as citizens.''  The testimony from these individuals offers a relevant selection of the real-world experiences that have to be heard by the FCC and Congress as this debate continues. That is why I took the hearing 500 miles from the Senate--so they could be heard.  I don't want to see an Internet that is divided into the haves and have-nots. I agree with the Vermonters who testified: I don't want to see an Internet where those who can afford to pay muffle the voices of those who cannot.  An online world that is split into fast lanes and slow lanes, where pay-to-play deals dictate who can reach consumers, runs counter to everything on which the Internet was founded.  Last month I joined Congresswoman Doris Matsui to introduce the Online Competition and Consumer Choice Act that requires the FCC to ban online pay-to-play deals. Open Internet principles are the bill of rights for the online world. We must get this right. If we fail to get it right, I guarantee that we will not get another chance and we will not have these companies growing and starting up throughout all our States.  I see the distinguished Senator from Montana here. I yield the floor.  