President, today, the Senate will vote on three nominees to serve on the U.S. district courts. This includes Judge Hannah Lauck, to serve in the Eastern District of Virginia; Judge Leo Sorokin, to serve in the District of Massachusetts; and Richard Boulware, to fill an emergency vacancy in the District of Nevada. The Senate Judiciary Committee favorably reported two of these nominees unanimously to the full Senate and the third nominee with bipartisan support. All of these nominees are qualified to serve on the Federal bench, and the nominations of both Judge Lauck and Judge Sorokin unanimously received the American Bar Association's highest rating of ``well qualified.''  Yesterday, the Senate was once again forced to invoke cloture on these qualified judicial nominees, all of whom have demonstrated legal excellence during their already impressive careers. With yesterday's votes, the Senate will have voted for cloture on 47 judicial nominees so far this year. During all 8 years of the Clinton administration, the Senate voted four times for cloture on circuit and district court nominees. During all 8 years of the Bush administration, the Senate voted 29 times for cloture on circuit and district court nominees. After today, we will have already voted 47 times for cloture in just the last 6 months. These votes do nothing to further what should be our collective goal of an efficient and fair justice system, accessible to all. I can only hope that Senate Republicans soon put an end to this obstruction. Today, we will vote on the confirmation of the following judicial nominees.  Judge Hannah Lauck has been nominated to fill a judicial vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. She has served since 2005 as a U.S. magistrate judge for the Eastern District of Virginia. During her judicial service, she has handled hundreds of criminal and civil cases and has presided over 150 bench trials. She has served as an adjunct professor of law at the University of Richmond from 1996 to 2006 and from 2010 to 2013. She worked in private practice as a supervising attorney at Gentworth Financial from 2004 to 2005 and previously served as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of Virginia from 1994 to 2004, where she worked in both the Criminal and Civil Divisions. She worked as an associate at Anderson, Kill, Olick & Oshinsky from 1992 to 1994. After graduating from law school, she served as a law clerk to Judge James Spencer of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Her nomination unanimously received the American Bar Association's highest rating of ``well qualified.'' She has the support of her home State Senators, Senator Warner and Senator Kaine. The Judiciary Committee reported her nomination favorably by voice vote to the full Senate on March 27, 2014.  Judge Leo Sorokin has been nominated to fill a judicial vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. He has served since 2005 as a U.S. magistrate judge in the District of Massachusetts and as the chief magistrate judge since 2012. During his judicial service, he has presided over 60 criminal and civil cases that have gone to verdict or judgment and 15 cases that have gone to trial. He has served since 2013 as an adjunct professor at Boston University Law School and previously served as an assistant Federal public defender in Boston from 1997 to 2005 and as an assistant attorney general in the Office of the Attorney General of Massachusetts from 1994 to 1997. He worked in private practice as an associate at Mintz Levin from 1992 to 1994. After graduating from law school, he served as a law clerk to Judge Rya Zobel of the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Judge Sorokin's nomination unanimously received the American Bar Association's highest rating of ``well qualified.'' He has the support of his home State Senators, Senator Warren and Senator Markey. The Judiciary Committee reported his nomination favorably by voice vote to the full Senate on March 27, 2014.  Richard Boulware has been nominated to fill a vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada that has been designated as a judicial emergency vacancy by the nonpartisan Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. Since 2003, Mr. Boulware has served as a Federal public defender for the District of Nevada. Following law school, he served as a law clerk to Judge Denise Cote of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York and as a litigation associate at Covington & Burling in New York City.  Mr. Boulware's nomination has the strong bipartisan support of both his home State Senators, the majority leader, and Senator Heller. There is no question that the Senate should confirm Mr. Boulware. However, some in committee raised concerns about his qualifications, citing his minority ``not qualified'' rating by the ABA's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary. I note he received a rating by a substantial majority of the ABA Committee of ``qualified.'' I also note that Mr. Boulware's ABA rating is higher than or on par with 33 of President Bush's nominees who were confirmed despite partial ``not qualified'' ratings, including two nominees to the Eastern District of Kentucky who received majority ``not qualified'' ratings by the ABA's Standing Committee but were nevertheless confirmed by the Senate by voice vote.  I support Mr. Boulware's nomination without reservation and hope that Senators from both sides of the aisle will join me in voting to confirm this worthy nominee. If confirmed, he will be the first African-American man to serve as a Federal judge in the District of Nevada. I am proud to be a part of this important historic milestone and am glad that the majority leader continues to make judicial nominations a priority.  There are seven additional judicial nominees reported by the Judiciary Committee currently pending on the Senate Executive Calendar. Five of these nominees are nominated to fill judicial emergency vacancies, and I hope the Senate will act quickly to confirm these nominations.  