President, next week we are going to commemorate National Police Week, a time when the Nation pays tribute to the sacrifices made by all those who serve in law enforcement, particularly those officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. These law enforcement officers risk their lives every day to protect our communities.  We often speak eloquently on both sides of the aisle here about supporting law enforcement and their families. These tributes are important. They are well deserved. But the police officers in our communities deserve more than speeches; they deserve action and real support. We owe it to all who serve to help protect those who protect us. One important, tangible way to do so is to help provide them with lifesaving bulletproof vests.  For more than 15 years the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program has helped to provide bulletproof vests to law enforcement officers around the country. Republican Senator Ben Nighthorse-Campbell of Colorado and I worked across the aisle to design a program that helps local law enforcement agencies purchase bulletproof vests. We both had a background in law enforcement, and we drew on that. Mr. President, let me show you what has happened. Since 1987, this program has enabled over 13,000 State and local enforcement agencies to purchase over 1 million vests.  No one can dispute that this program saves lives. I will never forget a law enforcement officer who testified before our committee. He had his mother and father and his wife and children sitting behind him in the Judiciary Committee. The distinguished Presiding Officer knows how often we have witnesses speaking and their families are there.  He said: I love law enforcement. I love law enforcement. The only thing I love more than law enforcement is my family. But there came a day as an officer when I thought I would never see my family again.  It was when he stopped somebody in a routine traffic stop. The man came out of the car and shot him twice in the chest. He reached down underneath the witness table and pulled up the vest. You could see the two bullets still stuck in the vest.  He said: I got a cracked rib out of it, but I saw my mother and father and my wife and children. I saw them when I was at the hospital, where they were treating me for the cracked rib. I saw them there. They did not have to go to the morgue to see me.  That story is repeated all the time. No one disputes that this program saves lives. That is why Congress has historically acted quickly and decisively to support the bulletproof vests program. Between 2000 and 2010, the program enjoyed widespread bipartisan support. It was reauthorized three times by unanimous consent. This time around, every single Democratic Senator supports passage of the bill. It is also cosponsored by Senators Hagan, Cardin, Landrieu, Shaheen, Pryor, and Franken, to name just a few cosponsors. It has many other strong supporters of law enforcement, including the Fraternal Order of Police, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National Sheriffs' Association, the Major County Sheriffs' Association, and the National Association of Police Organizations.  For reasons I still do not understand, the bill is being blocked on the Republican side. Not a single Republican cosponsor has stepped forward. I cannot understand this. This has never been a partisan issue. It should not be a partisan issue. We are doing this to protect the lives of police officers.  Senator Grassley and I developed a bipartisan reauthorization that included improvements to the program. One important change is that agencies are now given a grant preference for purchasing vests that are uniquely fitted to women officers. There are far more women as police officers today than there were even when Senator Ben Nighthorse-Campbell and I first introduced this bill.  The program is now stronger than ever. I think the vast majority of Senators want to see this program reauthorized. I do not know why Republican Senators have blocked it, especially when we are now protecting, as we had not before, women police officers too. I do not know how we can turn our backs on our police officers.  I would also urge support for the National Blue Alert Act, which was reported by the Judiciary Committee with a strong bipartisan vote. It is sponsored by Senators Cardin and Graham. I am a proud cosponsor. The bipartisan Justice for All Reauthorization Act, which I coauthored with Republican Senator John Cornyn and which reauthorizes important programs such as the Paul Coverdell Forensic Science Improvement Grant Program--named after a former Republican Senator--is another important bill to law enforcement that we should approve without further delay. It actually defies common sense that any Senator would object to these pieces of legislation.  Next week I will attend, as I almost always do, the National Peace Officers Memorial Service, and there will be a wreath-laying at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, which now contains the names of over 20,000 fallen officers. I remember shortly after I became State's attorney going to the funeral of one of those fallen officers. I have never forgotten that--even though it was decades ago--the long line of police cars, with blue lights flashing. Snow was coming down, and the blue lights reflected off the snowflakes. The names, unfortunately, do not just stop with those over 20,000 fallen officers. The names of 286 fallen officers will be added to its walls, serving as another somber reminder of the brave men and women of law enforcement who risk their lives each and every day. They work tirelessly to keep our communities safe. They deserve our best efforts to do the same for them.  I am, in a moment, going to ask consent that the Senate pass S. 933, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2013. It has always been bipartisan. We should not let ideology put officers' lives at risk now. I commend the fact that every single Democratic Senator supports it and we can honor the service of those who keep us safe by protecting their lives with bulletproof vests.  Frankly, if somebody stands with law enforcement, now is the time to stand with them. I can assure you--and they will assure you--it matters here, and it matters to them.  So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 162, S. 933, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program Reauthorization Act; that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, with no intervening action or debate.  