President, today, we are again voting to overcome Republican filibusters of three highly qualified judicial nominees. Republicanscontinue to refuse to consent to vote on much needed judges to our Federal Judiciary. We currently stand at 80 vacancies and have not had fewer than 60 vacancies since February 2009, at the beginning of President Obama's first term. For most of President Obama's tenure in office, judicial vacancies have continued to hover around 80 and 90 because of Senate Republican obstruction. Nevertheless, Senate Republicans continue to object to votes on these nominations. This includes the three nominations that we are voting on today.  Nancy Moritz has been nominated to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Justice Moritz is currently a justice on the Kansas Supreme Court, where she has been serving since 2011. Prior to joining the Kansas Supreme Court, she was an appellate judge on the Kansas Court of Appeals from 2004 to 2011. Before becoming a judge, Justice Moritz spent nearly ten years as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Kansas City and Topeka offices. From 1989 till 1995, she was an associate at Spencer, Fane Britt & Browne, LLP in Kansas City and Overland Park. From 1987 to 1989, she served as a law clerk to the Honorable Patrick F. Kelly, U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas. Justice Moritz has the support of her Republican home state senators, Senator Roberts and Senator Moran. She was also reported from the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote on January 16, 2014.  Theodore Chuang has been nominated to serve on the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. Since 2009, Mr. Chuang has served in the Office of General Counsel at the Department of Homeland Security. He currently serves as deputy general counsel and as counsel on detail to the U.S. Department of State. Previously, Mr. Chuang served as the chief investigative counsel for the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the deputy chief investigative counsel for the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reforms from 2007 to 2009. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Chuang worked in private practice as a counsel at the law firm Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP. Prior to that, Mr. Chuang served as an assistant U.S. attorney, Criminal Division, for the District of Massachusetts from 1998 to 2004 and as a trial attorney in the Housing and Civil Enforcement Section of the Justice Department from 1995 to 1998. Upon graduating from Harvard Law School, magna cum laude, Mr. Chuang served as a law clerk to Judge Dorothy W. Nelson on the Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals from 1994 to 1995.  Mr. Chuang has the support of his home State Senators, Senator Mikulski and Senator Cardin. He was voted out of the Judiciary Committee on a 10-8 vote on January 16, 2014. During the committee vote, the ranking member urged others to vote ``No'' based on the fact that Mr. Chuang has been serving on temporary detail to the State Department and has been working with the agency to assist in its response to the ongoing congressional investigation into Benghazi. The ranking member argued that because the administration has refused to turn over interview notes and summaries that he would vote ``No'' on Mr. Chuang's nomination. This appears to be a case where Mr. Chuang is being held responsible for the decisions of the administration not to turn over the documents when it was not his decision to make. Moreover, Mr. Chuang has responded to the ranking member's Question for the Record on this issue fully and forthrightly, and nothing in those responses indicates that Mr. Chuang has conducted himself improperly in any way. Mr. Chuang is a superbly qualified attorney with an impeccable background, and should be supported by the entire Senate.  George Hazel has been nominated to the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. Since 2010, he has served as the chief deputy State's attorney for the office of the Maryland State's attorney for Baltimore City. Prior to taking this position, he was an assistant U.S. attorney for the district of Maryland from 2008 to 2010 and for the District of Columbia from 2005 to 2008. From 1999 to 2004, Mr. Hazel also served in private practice at the law firm Weil, Gotshal and Manges, LLP. An experienced trial counsel, Mr. Hazel has tried approximately 50 cases to verdict. Mr. Hazel also has the support of his home State senators, Senator Mikulski and Senator Cardin. He was reported from the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote on January 16, 2014.  All three of these nominees have the experience, judgment, and legal acumen to be terrific judges in our Federal courts. Let us end these unnecessary filibusters. I thank the majority leader for filing cloture petitions and I hope my fellow Senators will join me today to end these filibusters so that these nominees can get working on behalf of the American people.  