President, today, we will vote to end filibusters on the nominations of Sheryl Lipman to the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee, Stanley Bastian to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Washington, Manish Shah to a judicial emergency vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Daniel Crabtree to the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas, Judge Cynthia Bashant to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, and Judge Jon Levy to the U.S. District Court for the District of Maine. These are just 6 of the 31 judicial nominees currently pending on the Senate Floor.  Every single one of these nominees was voted out of the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support and every single one of these nominees has the support of their home State Senators. Nevertheless, we are once again being forced to follow the costly ritual of filing and voting on cloture for non-controversial nominees and wasting valuable floor time repeating this exercise. Meanwhile, it is our Federal Judiciary and the American people who suffer from these delays.  I recently heard remarks from the Minority Leader claiming that ``many of these nominees would have been confirmed last December had we not'' instituted the rules change. This statement is simply belied by the facts. Senate Republicans have obstructed and slowed the nominations process throughout this President's entire tenure--in both his first and second terms. At the end of each calendar year, Senate Republicans deliberately refuse to vote on several judicial nominees who could and should be confirmed in order to consume additional time the following year confirming these nominees. This has happened at the conclusion of every single year of the Obama presidency.  At the end of 2009, they left 10 nominations on the Executive Calendar without a vote. Two of those nominations were returned to the President, and it subsequently took 9 months for the Senate to take action on the other 8. This resulted in the lowest 1-year confirmation total in at least 35 years. In 2010 and 2011, Senate Republicans left 19 nominations on the Senate Executive Calendar at the end of each year. It then took nearly half the following year for the Senate to confirm these nominees. In 2012, Senate Republicans left 11 judicial nominees without action and another four had hearings but Republicans refused to expedite their consideration. In 2013, Senate Republicans left 9 nominations on the Executive Calendar. Another 15 judicialnominees could have been reported to the full Senate and confirmed by the end of last year, but Senate Republicans blocked the Judiciary Committee's ability to meet to report these nominees to the full Senate. So, the idea that the rules change has somehow triggered Republican obstruction is simply not true. This has been a persistent and coordinated effort since the very beginning of the Obama presidency, and the rules change was an attempt to overcome some of these tactics of delay and obstruction.  I have also seen reports lately that President Obama is now outpacing President George W. Bush in terms of judicial nominees confirmed at the same point in their presidencies. It is true that at this point in their respective presidencies, President Bush had 232 nominees confirmed while this President has had 235 nominees confirmed. This is certainly welcome news.  I would note, however, that this statistic paints a very incomplete picture of what needs to be done. Although there have been slightly more nominees confirmed, the vacancies are much higher at this point in this president's tenure than in President Bush's tenure. In April 2006, there were only 54 vacancies in the Federal judiciary. In stark contrast, as of April 2014, there are currently 85 vacancies in the Federal judiciary--31 vacancies more than existed at the same point in President Bush's tenure.  The comparison is even more troubling when you consider the 31 judicial nominees currently pending on the Executive Calendar. We could lower the number of judicial vacancies today to 54 if Senate Republicans would consent to voting on all of the pending nominees. We have not had fewer than 60 vacancies since February 2009, at the beginning of President Obama's first term. And for most of President Obama's tenure in office, judicial vacancies have continued to hover around 80 and 90 because of Senate Republican obstruction. Nevertheless, Senate Republicans continue to object to votes on these nominations.  These 6 nominees for whom we are voting to invoke cloture on today were nominated last August and September. It is about time that we held a vote on their nominations. All 6 nominees are well qualified and we should end these filibusters and confirm them as soon as possible.  Sheryl Lipman has served as University Counsel to the University of Memphis since 2002, where she has also served as interim chief of staff to the president of the university and senior attorney. Prior to her work for the University of Memphis, she worked for nearly a decade in private practice at various law firms. Following her graduation from law school, she served as a law clerk to Judge Julia Gibbons of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee. Ms. Lipman has the support of her home State Republican Senators, Senator Corker and Senator Alexander. The Judiciary Committee reported her unanimously by voice vote to the full Senate on January 16, 2014.  Stanley Bastian has worked in private practice for over 15 years and currently serves as a managing partner at the law firm Jeffers, Danielson, Sonn & Aylward, P.S. From 1985 to 1988, he served as an Assistant City Attorney in the Seattle City Attorney's Office, from 1984 to 1985 he served as a law clerk to Judge Ward Williams of the Washington State Court of Appeals Division I. Mr. Bastian previously served as the president of the Washington State Bar Association. He has the support of his home State Senators, Senator Murray and Senator Cantwell. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated him ``well qualified'' to serve on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Washington, its highest rating. The Judiciary Committee reported him unanimously by voice vote to the full Senate on January 16, 2014.  Manish Shah has served in the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois since 2001. He has served as the chief of the Criminal Division since 2012, and previously served as the chief of Criminal Appeals, deputy chief of Financial Crimes & Special Prosecutions, and deputy chief of General Crimes. He also served as a law clerk to Judge James Zagel of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Shah was awarded the Federal Bureau of Investigation Director's Award for Outstanding Criminal Investigation in 2008 and the Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys Director's Award for Superior Performance by a Litigative Team in 2007. He earned his B.A. with honors and distinction from Stanford University in 1994. He earned his J.D. with honors from the University of Chicago Law School in 1998. He has the bipartisan support of his home State Senators, Senator Durbin and Senator Kirk. The Judiciary Committee reported him unanimously by voice vote to the full Senate on January 16, 2014. If confirmed, he would be the first South Asian judge to serve on a Federal court in Illinois.  Daniel Crabtree has worked as a partner at Stinson, Morrison, Hecker, LLP since 2002. He previously worked in private practice for 21 years at Stinson, Mag & Fizzel. He has also served as the general counsel for the Kansas City Royals Baseball Club and Walsworth Publishing Company since 2008. In private practice, he has provided pro bono legal services through the Volunteer Attorney Project of the Legal Aid Office of the Western District of Missouri. Mr. Crabtree has the support of his Republican home State Senators, Senator Moran and Senator Roberts. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated him ``well qualified'' to serve on the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas. The Judiciary Committee reported him unanimously by voice vote to the full Senate on January 16, 2014.  Judge Cynthia Bashant has served as a California State judge in San Diego Superior Court since 2000, and for 3 years as the court's presiding judge, 2010-2013. During her 13 years on the bench, she has presided over approximately 100 jury trials and over 1,000 bench trials. Prior to her judicial service, she served as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Southern District of California, 1989-2000, and worked in private practice at Baker and McKenzie (1988-1989) and at McDonald Halsted and Laybourne, 1986-1988. In private practice, she provided pro bono legal services to the San Diego Volunteer Lawyers Program and the American Civil Liberties Union. While serving as an assistant U.S. attorney, she received six Special Commendations for Outstanding Performance. Judge Bashant has the support of her home State Senators, Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer. The Judiciary Committee reported her unanimously by voice vote to the full Senate on January 16, 2014.  Justice Jon Levy has served as an associate justice on the Maine Supreme Judicial Court since 2002. He previously served as a state judge in York, ME, as chief judge, 2001-2002, deputy chief judge, 2000-2001, and as a district court judge for Maine's Tenth Judicial District (1995-2000). Prior to his judicial service, he worked in private practice for more than a decade. He previously served as a special monitor in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, 1981-1982. After graduating from law school, he served as a law clerk to Judge John Copenhaver, Jr., of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia, 1979-1981. He is a member of the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on Legal Aid and Indigent Defendants. As a leader in the Maine Justice Action Group, he has promoted pro bono involvement throughout Maine's legal community. Justice Levy has the bipartisan support of his home State Senators, Senator King and Senator Collins. The Judiciary Committee reported his nomination favorably with bipartisan support to the full Senate on January 16, 2014.  I thank the majority leader for filing cloture petitions to end the filibusters of these much needed judges. I hope my fellow Senators will join me today to end these filibusters so that these nominees can get working on behalf of the American people.  