For the past 2 years I have had the distinct honor of serving this Chamber as the President pro tempore. Just four Senators from Vermont have held this title. I am the first in more than a century.  It has been among my greatest privileges to represent Vermont in the U.S. Senate, something I dreamed about as a child, and it has been day after day after day a privilege to represent my very special State of Vermont in this body.  It has also been an honor and privilege to serve as the President pro tempore in this institution, the U.S. Senate. This is an institution for which I will always have the greatest respect and affection.  When I assumed the position of President pro tempore, something I had not realized would happen, Marcelle and I welcomed into our family over time nearly 20 invaluable members of the U.S. Capitol Police. As President pro tempore and third in the line of succession, the office comes with a security detail. It is not something I had asked for. In fact, I said, well, I don't really need that, and they said: You don't get any choice in the matter.  I got to know them well. I had a background in law enforcement before I came to the Senate, but I have never served with such professionals as those who comprise this team. They sacrifice time at home. They sacrifice time with their families and weekends and holidays. I could not be more grateful for their dedication to public service and for their professionalism and good nature. They are an example of what the best in law enforcement should be.  The U.S. Capitol should be very proud of our U.S. Capitol Police and especially of those who are in this unique dignitary protection division. Those who serve on such details are trained to blend into the background. You might forget they are there, but they are, and they miss nothing. When I try to give them credit for the work they do, they say: Well, that is just our job. It is a lot more than their job. It is true professionalism and it is something that makes everybody in law enforcement and should make everybody in the U.S. Senate proud.  I want to recognize their commitment and acknowledge their service. The members of this detail include Sergeant David Ribb, Thomas Andriko, Henry Smith, Shane Powell, Eric Boggs, Robert Schultz, Antonio Carofano, Amy McDaniel, John Jastrzebski, Ryan Rayball, Ryan Andrews, Jay Schmid, Austin Reinshuttle, Sean Keating, Anthony Ravenel, Gideon Maran, John Brito, Luis Pimentel, Jose Ramirez, Jr., Robert Leh, James Melenson, Edward Wojciechowski, and Marc DesJames, who recently retired.  Next year when Congress reconvenes, we will elect a new President pro tempore, my friend Senator Orrin Hatch. I will continue as dean of the Senate, and a future President pro tempore emeritus. I wish Orrin Hatch the best, and I know he is going to be in safe hands with the dedicated members of the President pro tempore's security detail.  Again, having served in law enforcement, having considered that a very significant part of my career, I have never seen more professional police officers than these men and women. Every one of us as Senators should be glad they are there.  Madam President, on another matter, after 9 months of hearings and briefings, many long days and nights of negotiations, this past weekend the Appropriations Committee completed work on the fiscal year 2015 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act.  Earlier this year many of us came to the floor and praised Chairwoman Mikulski for her heroic efforts to pass the fiscal year 2014 omnibus. While many in Washington thought that feat could not be repeated 2 years in a row, as the most senior Member of the Appropriations Committee I knew she would prove them wrong, and she did. Chairwoman Mikulski rallied her 12 subcommittees and reached across the aisle to negotiate this omnibus and avoid another shutdown. Without her, this would not have been possible.  Similar to Chairwoman Mikulski, my friend Senator Shelby from Alabama, the committee's vice chairman, also deserves a great deal of praise for the role he played. Without Senator Shelby's recognition of the importance of passing appropriations bills rather than continuing to fund the government on autopilot, we would not have reached this point.  As chairman of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee, I also wish to thank the ranking member, Lindsey Graham, chairwoman Kay Granger, and ranking member Nita Lowey in the other body. They were always able partners, whose wealth of experience--I will emphasize that--wealth of experience is invaluable to the subcommittee's work, and it is reflected throughout the final agreement.  I look forward to working with the incoming subcommittee chairman Lindsey Graham next year to continue to fund the diplomacy and foreign aid programs that are essential to protecting U.S. interests around the world in a manner that reflects American values.  The State, Foreign Operations portion of this omnibus was negotiated with the full participation of representatives of both parties in both Houses of Congress as a balanced, bipartisan bill. Every word was discussed and agreed to by Republicans and Democrats, and our respective subcommittee bills have been publicly available since they were reported out of committee in June.  My Democratic clerk of the subcommittee, Tim Rieser, made sure everybody in both parties were kept apprised of everything we did. I want to thank him, Janet Stormes and Alex Carnes of the Democratic staff, as well as Paul Grove, the Republican clerk, and Adam Yezerski of the Republican staff. They all played an essential role.  Others who were indispensable and deserve our thanks are Valerie Hutton, Celina Inman, Elmer Barnes, andPenny Myles of the editorial and printing office, who worked long hours to produce draft after draft of the bill. They do an outstanding job.  Division J of this omnibus for the Department of State and Foreign Operations provides a total of $51.8 billion in discretionary budget authority to protect U.S. security, humanitarian, and economic interests around the world.  Anybody who doubts that these funds are important should think about the devastation being wrought by ISIL in Syria and Iraq and its impact on neighboring Lebanon and Jordan, in addition to what is happening in the Central African Republic, South Sudan, and other areas where hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced by ethnic and tribal violence. Part of this funding will support aid for refugees and other victims of disasters, and we provide $1.5 billion above the budget request. The bill also includes additional funds to help Ukraine and other former Soviet republics counter Russian aggression.  It provides $2.5 billion in emergency funding to respond to the Ebola epidemic, which reminds us all that a deadly virus is often only one airplane trip away from our shores.  The bill includes full funding for diplomatic security, which unfortunately we need today.  As far as U.N. peacekeeping, the bill provides funding and authorities to fully meet our commitments.  It includes an increase above the budget request for PEPFAR and other global health programs, which I was very pleased about considering that those increases did not require cuts to other critical programs.  The bill includes additional funding for educational and cultural exchanges. It provides funding to address the gang violence and poverty that contribute to the migration of unaccompanied children from Central America. That problem ebbs and flows but cannot be ignored. We have seen the flood of young children across our southern border, risking their lives rather than staying and being attacked and raped in their own country, or forced into gangs and made to shoot and kill and rob.  I am very pleased we were able to include the amounts requested for programs to protect biodiversity and tropical forests, support clean energy and reduce global warming, combat wildlife poaching and trafficking. These are important national security issues.  I am also pleased that provisions relating to our commitments to the international financial institutions, particularly relating to evaluations, beneficial ownership, human rights, industrial-scale logging, and financing for large dams, were included. I look forward to discussing them with the Treasury Department, State, and USAID.  The provisions relating to a Small Grants Program to provide small, multi-year USAID grants to small entities, timely feedback from beneficiaries of humanitarian assistance, and reforms to provide incentives for Foreign Service Officers to support sustainable, locally-driven development, are also important.  There is a lot more in this bill to support friends and allies so they can combat disease, hunger, poverty, strengthen the rule of law, and protect human rights. These are all programs that are directly linked to our national security. They fulfill our moral obligation as Americans, as members of the wealthiest, most powerful Nation on Earth.  There are some things that I wish were not included, particularly a House provision carried from last year that would weaken limits on carbon emissions from projects financed by the Export-Import Bank and Overseas Private Investment Corporation. Our European partners are wisely ending public subsidies for coal in favor of cleaner, healthier, renewable energy, but the House continues to block such progress here.  I am very disappointed the Senate provision to bring the United States into compliance with the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations was rejected again this year by the House. The Bush administration spoke of the necessity of this, as has the Obama administration.  Mr. President, no bill is perfect, and this one is no exception. But the State, Foreign Operations portion of the omnibus is a whole lot better than a continuing resolution that ignores the changing global realities and challenges we face.  It was a collaborative effort from beginning to end with Republicans and Democrats alike, and it should be supported overwhelmingly.  I see my friend, the distinguished senior Senator from Texas on the floor seeking recognition, so I will yield the floor.  