. district courts in Massachusetts, South Carolina, and the District of Columbia. The Senate Judiciary Committee reported two of these nominees unanimously to the full Senate, and the third nominee with strong bipartisan support.  These nominees are not controversial and in past years would have been confirmed weeks, or even months, ago. Instead, Republicans continue to refuse to give consent for votes on any judicial nominee, irrespective of their qualifications or the support of home State Senators. As a result, yesterday the Senate was forced again to waste valuable time voting to end the unnecessary filibusters of three highly qualified nominees. The Senate has now voted to end the filibusters of 44 judicial nominees so far during 2014. It is every Senator's right to demand continued debate on any measure or nomination before this chamber. But I would say to any Senator who requires a cloture vote on a qualified, consensus nominee to at least speak about the nominee and not to obstruct for obstruction's sake.  I hope that this partisan fever will break in the near future, and that Republicans will stop reducing the Senate's constitutional role of advice and consent into a tool of obstruction. These delays should stop.  Mark Mastroianni has been nominated to fill a judicial vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. He has served since 2011 as district attorney in the Hampden district attorney's office and previously worked in private practice. Following law school, he served as an assistant district attorney in the Hampden District Attorney's Office from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Mastroianni has the support of his home State senators, Senator Warren and Senator Markey. The Judiciary Committee reported him favorably to the full Senate by voice vote on March 6, 2014.  Judge Bruce Hendricks has been nominated to fill a judicial vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina. She has served since 2002 as a U.S. magistrate judge for theDistrict of South Carolina. During her judicial service, she presided over thousands of criminal and civil cases. She served as an adjunct professor at the College of Charleston from 2000 to 2001, teaching classes on the structure of the Federal and State court system and civil processes and procedures. She previously served as an assistant U.S. attorney in the District of South Carolina from 1991 to 2002. Judge Hendricks' nomination received the American Bar Association's highest rating of ``unanimously well qualified.'' She has the support of her home State Republican senators, Senator Graham and Senator Scott. The Judiciary Committee reported her favorably with bipartisan support to the full Senate by roll call vote of 16-2 on March 6, 2014.  Tanya Chutkan has been nominated to fill a judicial vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. Tanya Chutkan has worked in private practice as a partner at Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, where she has served as a partner since 2007 and as a counsel from 2002 to 2006. She previously served as an attorney at The Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia from 1991 to 2002. She worked in private practice as an associate at Donovan, Leisure, Rogovin, Huge & Schiller from 1990 to 1991 and at Hogan & Hartson LLP from 1987 to 1990. The Judiciary Committee reported her favorably to the full Senate by voice vote on March 27, 2014.  In addition to the nominees we will vote on today, there are 10 additional judicial nominees reported by the Judiciary Committee pending on the Senate Executive Calendar, including seven nominees who were reported unanimously. Six of the 10 judicial nominees that will be left pending after today's confirmation votes will fill judicial emergency vacancies in the District of Nevada, the Southern District of Illinois, and in the Middle and Southern Districts of Florida. I hope that the Senate moves quickly to confirm these nominees, and others.  