President, today we will vote to end Republican filibusters on three district court nominations for Georgia, two of which are judicial emergency vacancies. The Senate should not need to waste our time jumping through these procedural hurdles to confirm nominees who are strongly supported by two Republican home State Senators.  After we vote to invoke cloture and confirm these three nominees, we will still have 17 judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar--11 to serve on district courts and 6 to serve on the U.S. Court of Federal Claims. Another nine judicial nominees will be recommended by the Judiciary Committee this Thursday. By the end of the week, there will be 26 nominees reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee pending before the full Senate. All but a few of these nominees will have been reported unanimously and several are from States with at least one and sometimes two Republican home State Senators, including: Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Missouri, Illinois, and Texas. These nominees should all be confirmed before we recess in December. As I mentioned last week, I hope that Senate Republicans will work with Senate Democrats to ``clear the decks'' on pending business before the end of the 113th Congress, as the incoming majority leader has suggested.  So let us work together as we have in past lameduck sessions to get these nominees confirmed and serving their communities. In 2002, after the midterm elections, Senate Democrats worked to confirm all 20 of President Bush's judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar all but one by voice vote. In the 2006 lameduck session, after Senate Democrats won the majority in the elections, Democrats agreed to confirm all 14 of President Bush's judicial nominations pending on the Executive Calendar, but this package was blocked by a Republican Senator. In the most recent lameduck sessions, in 2010 and 2012, a total of 32 judicial nominees were confirmed. We should do the same now.  Leslie Abrams is nominated to fill a vacancy in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Georgia. She is currently an assistant U.S. attorney in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Georgia. Prior to becoming an assistant U.S. attorney, she was in private practice at two nationally known law firms. After graduating from Yale Law School, Ms. Abrams served as a law clerk to Judge Marvin J. Garbis on the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland.  Mark Cohen is nominated to fill an emergency vacancy in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. He has extensive experience, having practiced for over 30 years in both the public and private sectors. Currently a partner at the law firm Troutman Sanders, Mr. Cohen has also served as counsel to former Georgia Governor, Zell Miller, and spent part of his legal career at the Georgia office of the attorney general.  Eleanor Ross is nominated to fill an emergency vacancy in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. She currently serves as a State court judge in DeKalb County, where she has presided over hundreds of cases dealing with both civil and criminal matters. Prior to becoming a judge, she served in various capacities as both a State and Federal prosecutor for over a decade. Throughout her legal career, she has tried over 150 cases to verdict.  All three of these nominees have the strong support of their Republican home State Senators, Senator Chambliss and Senator Isakson. All three were also reported unanimously from the Judiciary Committee 5 months ago by voice vote.  If confirmed, Leslie Abrams and Eleanor Ross will be the first African-American women to ever serve as Federal judges in the State of Georgia. This historic moment is long overdue.  In the few remaining days of this Congress, I hope that the Republican Senators who recommended many of the pending judicial nominees to the President will work within their caucus to get consent to confirm nominees to their own home States.  I hope that all Senators will vote to end the filibuster of these nominations today and confirm them.  