I had dinner with him last night, and we talked about this. I think it is generally expected that he will announce what he can do to address some of the problems that are tearing families apart, dragging the U.S. economy down and risking our national security. For 2 years the Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives refused to even allow a vote on the Senate's bipartisan bill. Because of that, I understand and appreciate why the President is going to act.  There are currently 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States, but everybody knows we are not going to round up and deport 11 million people. It just can't be done. Even if it could be done, it would be totally un-American and against everything that we stand for. These are, after all, mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, sons and daughters. They are not a number. They are real people. And the President's action will acknowledge that. It is a necessary step in an effort to bring people out of the shadows, focus scarce enforcement resources on those who actually pose a threat, and bring some stability to those who are hardworking, law-abiding members of our community. I would much rather have people who are taxpayers and know they are here legally, so we can concentrate on those who aren't. That is what the President wants to do.  President Obama knows there is no substitute for legislation. President Reagan and President Bush used a similar type of Executive order. It is a temporary and incomplete solution because legislation has to be passed. We have to step up and fix the broken immigration system once and for all, as we did in the Senate when Republicans and Democrats came together last year. But to those who say we should wait for Congress to act, I think we have waited long enough.  We have been waiting now for 511 days since the Senate passed immigration reform. That is 511 days, during which time the Republican-controlled House of Representatives could have taken up our bill--either voted for it or voted against it. The least they could do is vote. Vote ``yes'' or vote ``no.'' I think about what my friend and the former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Edward Kennedy, said in the summer of 2007. We had comprehensive immigration reform before the Senate. It was being blocked by the Republicans. He said:       A minority in the Senate rejected a stronger economy that      is fairer to our taxpayers and our workers. A minority in the      senate rejected America's own extraordinary immigrant history      and ignored our nation's most urgent needs. But we're in this      struggle for the long haul.  Senator Kennedy was right. That is why Democrats and Republicans came together to pass an immigration bill out of the Senate. I just ask why, 511 days later, has the Republican-controlled House refused to either vote for it or vote against it? We held days of hearings and lengthy, extensive markup sessions. We worked late into the evenings debating the bill. Many of us worked weekends. I remember, because I was there. We considered hundreds of amendments. More than 300 amendments were filed. We adopted 136 of them. All but three were adopted with both Republican and Democratic votes. What was initially a proposal from the so-called Gang of 8 became, through the committee process, the product of 18 Members from both sides of the aisle. The Senate Judiciary Committee recommended this improved bipartisan bill to the full Senate. It wasn't exactly the bill that I would have written, but it was a fair and reasonable compromise. It reflected the deliberative process at its best, and I felt honored to bring the bill to the floor.  But look what happened. Sixty eight of us voted to pass it, and the Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives will not even bring it up for a vote. To this day, the Republican leadership in the House is batting zero when it comes to truly addressing the broken immigration system.  The President is not acting alone. The American people support immigration reform. Remember that. The American people support immigration reform. A bipartisan majority of the Senate has endorsed action. It is the House of Representatives that is out of step. Our system is not going to fix itself. We know this. It should be no surprise that the President has decided to use his authority to make our country safer, stronger, and more humane. If Republicans really, truly want congressional action on reform, they cantake action today and allow a vote on the Senate-passed bill. I hope that every Member of the Republican Party who says that what the President is doing is terrible will also ask when House Republicans are going to vote one way or the other on the Senate's bill. Our bill would make everything the President is doing unnecessary. Remember that.  The President has the legal authority to take this action. Every President since Eisenhower has exercised this authority. Some, such as President George H.W. Bush, did so on a sweeping scale. We make laws in Congress. The President sets enforcement policies. He clearly has the power to take the scarce resources we have given him and identify and deport those people who pose a danger to our communities, and he can limit the deportation of those who are law-abiding, tax-paying members of the community.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 minutes.  