 What are we doing here today? We are going to take a rule established by Ronald Reagan, the first modest attempt to protect water quality, stream quality, forests, and other environmental values in cases of strip mining mountaintop removal.  So the Republicans today are going to overrule the judgment of Ronald Reagan, preempt him with a rule that basically says it is okay to blow the top off a mountain, dump it into a stream, and it doesn't affect water quality because the stream doesn't exist anymore. Except there is a little problem. The water does still leach through all the toxic soils and it does cause problems downstream. But let's not worry about that too much.  Secondly, they are going to preempt states rights. Hey, the party of states' rights. They are all for local control. They hate those one-size-fits-all Federal rules, don't they? No, not today.  We are going to impose a Bush administration midnight rule which a court found to be laughable in terms of its compliance with Federal law. They are going to impose that on all the States of the United States of America as the law of the land. We are going to preempt the judgment of any State that wants to do more to protect water quality than allow the tops to be blown off mountains and mining waste dumped into streams and saying there is no problem. But we will study it for 5 years, as we heard previously. Okay, sure. How much harm will happen in that time?  So those are a few of the problems and the inconsistencies I see here today. We are preempting a Reagan rule that was quite modest and not overly burdensome on the industry. It should have been improved upon. The Bush administration tried to totally undo it. It was laughed out of court. The Obama administration fumbled and messed up writing a new rule with an incompetent contractor. And now we are going to impose the Bush rule on all the States.  They are going to deem, as we heard earlier--that is, pretend--that it meets the Endangered Species Act, and give that pretension the force of law. What they are saying is there were at least two or three people in the Bush administration who had a conversation. That meant they talked about the Endangered Species Act, so that meets the intention of the Endangered Species Act.  Finally, they are talking about a war on coal. We will hear from some well-intentioned people later here today who are going to talk about the potential job impact of this, and I appreciate that. There has to be a balance. But this is not a balance.  This is yet another imaginary war being waged by the Obama administration on coal. A war on Christmas, a war on coal, a war on jobs, a war on whatever. At least it is not an overseas war that is unnecessary in Iraq that cost us many thousands of lives and trillions of dollars.  But the war on coal? When the Obama administration came into office, there were 5,000 less jobs in coal mining than there are today.  The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.  