Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Well, Mr. Speaker, I would start out by saying this feels like Groundhog Day, but I have already done that when we brought up these same bills multiple times in the past. I could start, as I did the last time we considered this package of bills, by reading a statement from the last time we debated these bills and then pretend to get angry at my staff because they gave me a statement that is 8 months old, but I made that point the last time we debated this energy package on the floor.  Mr. Speaker, the House has passed nearly all the provisions in this bill at least two times. Now, I think most Americans still remember high school civics. The House passes a bill; they send it to the Senate.  The Senate either takes it up or not; and, if they do, then we work out our differences in conference committee and send it to the President for signature. We just keep sending the same bills over to the Senate under the premise that, somehow, they will do something because it has been sent multiples times from the House. It hasn't worked in the past, and it won't work in the future.  This package really also ignores reality. We are producing more natural gas than we ever have and more oil than in over 25 years. We are projected to be the number one oil producer in the world in the next few years.  Meanwhile, thanks to a worldwide glut of oil, gas prices are going down. They are the lowest they have been this time of year since 2010, except perhaps in my State, where we are getting price-gouged because we don't have a refinery.  If Republicans really cared about keeping gas prices down for American consumers, maybe they would take a serious look at the fact that we are exporting 1.6 million barrels of gasoline and diesel every day. There is no shortage.  We are exporting 1.6 million barrels a day; yet truckers are paying extraordinarily high diesel prices because we are exporting more and more diesel and saying, ``Well, you have got to pay the same price they are going to pay in Europe.''  Mr. Speaker, inside the Beltway here, we don't really deal with facts and statistics very much; so, today, we will take up and pass the same tired legislation for the second, third, or fourth time so any Republican Members who happen to be in a tough race can claim that they have been productive on this issue.  This is just an opportunity to check the energy box again and again so you can try to get voters to check the box for the so-called energy experts on the ballot, but we are not legislating; instead, we are wasting time and taxpayer money to put on a rerun show. If you are going to do a rerun show, at the risk of sounding like a broken record, then I am going to do the same.  Every time we have come to the floor to debate another legislative fish wrap this summer, I have brought up the same issue, Western wildfires.  Now, this poster shows Weed, California--or what is left of it. A wildfire destroyed half the town and over 150 homes. In my home State, a major fire is burning 10 miles away from the town of Estacada, threatening over 150 homes, forcing evacuations, and forcing the Governor to use the State's conflagration act to mobilize emergency resources.  In the West, there are over 50 active fires burning, one in the Willamette Forest outside of Eugene and Springfield. It is costing $1 million a day with attempts to keep it from running toward a town. Two days ago, the Forest Service said they have $179 million left for suppression.  Last week alone, they spent $150 million on suppression efforts. That means, next week, while we are out of session, they will run out of money, and they will do what they always do: they will start pulling back money from the fuel reduction, forest health, and other programs to fight the fires.  You can't stop fighting the fires. These fires are enormous, unnatural, and unprecedented in many ways. On top of that, we have a drought which might or might not have to do with climate change, which the other side of the aisle doesn't believe in, but, nonetheless, they are a fact.  Now, it doesn't have to be this way. We could do something real. We have the rarest thing in Washington, D.C.--a bipartisan--that means Democrats and Republicans are on a bill, 52 House Members, including myself, 52 Republicans on a bill--bicameral--similar bill, same bill in the Senate--supported by Democrats and Republicans, and, lo and behold, it is a bill supported by President Obama.  Maybe that is why they won't even hold a hearing on it or move it--because the President supports it--despite the fact that it would deal with a very real problem.  We aren't investing enough money in a regular fashion to get ahead of the fire problem in the West and to do the fuel reduction and the forest health we need. The agencies don't have enough in their budgets, and, every year, in fact, they overspend their firefighting budgets, and they have to cancel projects and other needed activities.  There has been no hearing on the bill. We can't find time to hold a hearing on a bill that has to do with wildfires that are burning up the West. We can't find the time; instead, we are going to pass these bills for the second, third, fourth, fifth, or sixth time. We can't find the time. We are too busy here pretending.  We have 196 Democrats who have signed a petition to overrule the Republican leadership and bring that bill to the floor of the United States House of Representatives. Fifty-two Republicans are cosponsors of that bill.  Many of them have active fires burning in their districts; and will they defy their leadership and do something that is needed for Americans in the Western United States, needed for our natural resources, and needed to prevent these towns from burning down? No. They can't do that. They will not sign the petition.  So here we are. Western communities are burning. You can pretty much step outside the door and smell the smoke from here. We have a potential solution to get ahead of this problem in the future and deal better with it, but, instead, we are wasting time here today passing, yet again, bills that have already been passed and have already been sent to the Senate, but we will send them over to the Senate again, and they can put them on the same stack of paper.  If you look at these pictures, we are wasting the second-to-last day--well, now, it is the last day, actually--on repeat because we have to get home for elections.  I mean, we don't need to pass the budget for the year, the appropriations bills. We don't need to take more meaningful consideration of what we are getting into in the Middle East and spend more time on it, and we can't certainly find any time to deal with the wildfire issue. Let's just pretend.  Yet, again, you get to check a pointless box, and I don't think the American people are going to be fooled.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  