 Now, we have the idea of a 5-year planning process, a 5-year plan, and then, you can just add things to it, so really, it is kind of not really a 5-year plan anymore. It is meaningless.  There is an urgent, urgent need for more leases offshore in sensitive areas, there really is--southern California, Virginia, Maine, areas that are incredibly productive in terms of their fisheries, that are heavily recreated, and have other uses.  There is an urgent need to plop down some oil wells there because we have only exported 1.7 million barrels of oil and gasoline yesterday--refined. There is a shortage, and that is why prices are high. If we just produced more in the most sensitive areas, without any environmental review, then the price would drop.  Well, no, actually, production has doubled since the Republicans first passed this bill, its fifth year in a row--it is Groundhog Day in June.  Now, they are still pretending. Actually, we heard a new argument yesterday: prices would be higher if we weren't exporting all of that diesel and gasoline, and the American Petroleum Institute hopes we will start soon acting like a colony and export crude oil to our friends in China and elsewhere, so they can make manufactured goods and sell them to us. Now, this is a great plan, and we are going to make it even better by not planning anymore.  There are 36.1 million acres of land under lease onshore. We had an argument about that yesterday--that is half the bill--and 23.5 million are not in production, but we need to lease more. Offshore, 220 million acres are available under the current leasing plan, 33.2 million acres have been leased, and 28.1 million of those 33.2--that is a pretty high percentage--aren't producing, and that is about 85 percent.  We need to lease more. We need to lease it now, so the oil companies can sit on it until they drive the price to $200 or $300 a barrel, which they will because we pay the royal price--we produce oil more cheaply here, but we pay the royal price.  We are exporting gasoline and diesel and paying extortionate prices, and the oil companies are making obscene prices, and only if we didn't have a planning process and we leased in some more sensitive areas, price wouldn't go down.  With that, I reserve the balance of my time.  