Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Mr. Miller on this legislation. H.R. 5699 will authorize the National Park Service to expand the boundary of the John Muir National Historic Site and acquire, by donation, 44 acres of land from the Muir Heritage Land Trust. It will expand the site and help carry on Muir's legacy of conservation and environmental stewardship.  John Muir is an important historic figure to me and to millions of other Americans in terms of his advocacy for the environment. Obviously, we owe him a great debt of gratitude for many, many of the actions of his legacy--Yosemite and Sequoia National Parks, and he also founded the Sierra Club back in the early part of the last century. This bill will contribute to his legacy and help protect and conserve the place where he found solace and inspiration in his later years.  It was interesting to me. I read an article that I would describe as sort of ascribing 21st century political correctness on the part of a few historians--one from UCLA, one from Stanford, and one person from the Center for Biological Diversity--essentially criticizing and denying the legacy of John Muir and using a 21st century politically correct backwards telescope to look at it. It is just extraordinary to me that there are people like that who exist. Sure, he didn't live up to 21st century political correctness, and he certainly couldn't have predicted the phenomenal growth of the Western United States and the need for amenities that relate to the environment in major urban areas, but what he saved is an extraordinary gift enjoyed by millions of Americans and people from around the entire world every year. I just have to say to those people that they are a bit misguided.  With that, I want to congratulate my friend and colleague RepresentativeGeorge Miller on this. Obviously, this is coming at the end of an extraordinary career of service to America and protecting our environment for future generations. I think it is really, really appropriate that Mr. Miller is moving this bill to help perpetuate the legacy of someone else who, at a much earlier time, also contributed phenomenally to our public resources and assets.  With that, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller).  