Speaker, today I will vote against H.R. 4015 despite being a cosponsor of the original bill. It should not have been that way. H.R. 4015 as originally drafted repealed the misguided SGR formula and laid out a reasonable path toward reimbursing doctors based on the quality of care that they provide. The bill had 118 bipartisan cosponsors. I heard from medical professionals all over Oregon who were hopeful that Congress would actually be able to pass H.R. 4015 and finally do away with short term SGR fixes.  Unfortunately Republican House leadership squandered this opportunity. Instead of finding a bipartisan way to pay for H.R. 4015, House Republican leadership inserted an ideological pay-for that would leave 13 million people uninsured according to the Congressional Budget Office. Because of this partisan gimmick, the Senate will never take up H.R. 4015. That leaves our nation's medical professionals exactly where they were before the vote--facing an approximately 27% cut in Medicare and TRICARE reimbursements if Congress doesn't fix the SGR before March 31st.  In 1997 I voted against creating the faulty SGR formula. I opposed the 1997 law because it balanced the budget on the backs of seniors and health care providers by substantially cutting Medicare. By delaying these cuts instead of permanently fixing the SGR formula, the potential cuts have grown every year.  Rather than cutting medical coverage for 13 million Americans, Congress should pay for H.R. 4015 by allowing Medicare to negotiate prescription drug prices. Every single other developed country in the world permits their government to negotiate drug prices for all of their citizens. In the U.S. private insurance companies negotiate prices, and the Veterans Administration negotiates prices, but the federal government is prevented from negotiating drug prices for Medicare. This means that drug companies are free to charge Medicare recipients higher prices than anyone else in the world. Allowing the federal government to negotiate drug prices for Medicare would fully pay for the SGR fix. The House could have ensured proper reimbursements for doctors and reduced drug prices for seniors in one bill today. Instead we voted on a bill that is going nowhere.  