Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the Chesapeake Bay is America's largest estuary, and restoration of the estuary will be an incredible conservation challenge. The Federal Government, States, localities, and conservation groups have spent billions of dollars to improve water quality, habitat, fisheries, recreational opportunities, and tributaries since the first Chesapeake Bay agreement was signed back in 1983; yet the water quality has continued to deteriorate.  The efforts have yielded some impressive successes, but by many metrics, the bay is still in poor health. This is due in large part to the fact that since bay cleanup began in earnest in the eighties, the population of the watershed has increased dramatically by more than one-third.  There is more wetland loss, more polluted runoff, and more nutrients in the wastewater and other sources entering the bay. In a sense, the bay is being loved to death by those who live near it.  President Obama's 2009 executive order on Chesapeake Bay protection and restoration has refocused Federal efforts, and that is a good thing; however, taxpayers and bay advocates deserve to know more about how and how much money is being spent.  S. 1000 would require the Office of Management and Budget to prepare a crosscut budget of Federal agency and State expenditures on bay restoration. This exercise will help identify areas where Bay partners can better coordinate or eliminate redundancy.  Mr. Speaker, this is commonsense legislation that will help improve the efficiency and effectiveness of Chesapeake Bay cleanup efforts. I would certainly congratulate the representative from Virginia (Mr. Wittman) for championing this cause and shepherding his version of this legislation through the House.  I would note that today I did hear on the radio that the Governor-elect of Maryland is proposing to further delay or undo some additional restrictions on the applications of chicken manure and other phosphate nitrogen-rich fertilizers that are contributing to the dramatic deterioration of the bay.  I would say this new Governor is being very shortsighted in terms of the benefits of the bay in total versus the small cost that would be imposed upon farmers to get these needed restrictions in place, and I would hope that he reconsiders and hears a lot about this from his constituents.  Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.  