Speaker, as even the sponsors of today's challenge to the Ohio vote acknowledge, the protest is not intended to try to overturn the results of the 2004 election. President Bush won the state of Ohio and the popular vote.  However, like in 2000, the most recent election was marred by multiple irregularities, allegations of fraud, and technical challenges. Today's debate provides an important opportunity to discuss on the House floor our continuing concerns about the integrity of our electoral process, which has been called into question by the last two Presidential elections.  Others have mentioned many of the specific concerns about the process in Ohio. Many of these problems were seen in other states as well. In response to the widespread problems, I wrote to the Government Accountability Office in November requesting an investigation of these irregularities and a review of whether tougher federal voting standards are necessary to resolve them. While Congress did approve election reform legislation in response to the problems in 2000, more needs to be done to restore the integrity of the electoral process.  One of the most blatant shortcomings is the lack of a paper trail for many electronic voting machines. In 2003, I cosponsored legislation to rectify this problem. Regrettably, the Republican Congress refused to act on it. So we headed into this last election knowing that electronic votes could not be verified or recounted manually. Damaged machines and programming errors have actually expunged all records of votes in isolated instances. That is unacceptable. I will continue to pressure the Republican leadership to allow a vote on this issue.  In addition, I asked GAO to review the need for open-source computer code for these machines. The new technology must be accessible for review and audit. The voting public must be certain that the system cannot be manipulated, and that their vote is recorded properly and accurately regardless of what system they use.  And, I asked that the investigation review the need for uniform and simple standards for counting provisional ballots, registering voters, and identification requirements at polling places. I believe strong federal standards in these and possibly other areas are necessary for federal elections. The varied standards from state to state, and even within states, seriously endanger the integrity of our elections.  We need to insure the integrity of our electoral process is absolutely beyond question. Until we fix the problems mentioned today, we will never be able to say with confidence that every vote has been counted, and counted correctly and fairly. Election reform must be a top priority of the 109th Congress.  