I first uncovered this issue during the Clinton administration. I thought they would be happy to hear it. They could help American consumers. They were big rules-based trade guys. They said, no, no, they didn't believe it. I had further legal analysis done and the legal analysis said, Yes, you can clearly file a claim. They are clearly violating the rules of OPEC. You can't constrain supply of a commodity in international trade if you are in the World Trade Organization to drive up the price, only for conservation purposes. They certainly can't make that case.  But the Clinton administration would not do it. I have heard, well, maybe the Bush people, he understands oil, the Vice President understands oil, they will get tough and take on OPEC. They are tough guys. And so I contacted them. I have gotten a form response from the Trade Representative and the Commerce Department. I have introduced legislation here in the House which the Republican leaders refuse to schedule which would mandate the President file a complaint against OPEC.  Free trade, you have got to realize, only works one way. It only works to stick it to American workers. It doesn't work for American consumers. They are not going to use free trade rules to go after OPEC. They are not going to use free trade rules to go after the company in China that cloned my furniture company. They are make a little feint at it. They are saying, Oh, we're going to go to the WTO and ask them to look at whether the Chinese are pirating things. All they have to do is pick up the Trade Representative's report or Pat Choate's book and they can read page after page after page of documentation of the Chinese stealing American products and goods and jobs. But they have only filed one complaint. This administration, 5 years in office, has filed one trade complaint against China, to be totally fair, on behalf of a pharmaceutical company. That is the only one they have filed. The thousands of small businesses and big businesses are being ripped off, OPEC who is ripping off everybody and driving businesses out of the United States of America, they won't take them on, but they did file a complaint on behalf of the pharmaceutical industry in China.  