 I stand in strong support of this legislation. It is certainly suitable that a Federal facility in Jamaica, where Colin Powell's parents were born, should be named after him. I would hope that this will be followed by, perhaps, something within the United States itself that commemorates his service to our Nation, which spanned decades, extraordinary service in the military and great service to this administration as Secretary of State during the first term of the Bush Presidency.  I would urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation.  S. 1413 is a bill to designate a staff housing facility located in Kingston, Jamaica currently used by the State Department for state department employees as the Colin L. Powell Residential Plaza.  Colin Luther Powell was born in Harlem in 1937. His parents were Jamaican immigrants who stressed the importance of education and personal achievement. He grew up in the Bronx, and attended City College of New York to study geology. While at City College he joined the Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC). When he graduated in 1958 he was at the top of his ROTC class, with the rank of cadet colonel, the highest rank in the corps.  In 1962 he was sent to Vietnam for the first of his two tours of duty. In 1963 he was wounded and awarded the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star. During his second tour in Vietnam he was injured in a helicopter crash but managed to rescue his comrades for which he was awarded the Soldier's Medal. In all he has received 11 decorations including the Legion of Merit.  In 1986 Powell left Washington to serve as military commander in Frankfurt Germany. He was recalled to Washington by Frank Carluccito serve as his deputy national security adviser. In 1991 as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Powell became a national figure during the successful Desert Shield and Desert Storm operations.  In 2001 President Bush appointed Powell as Secretary of State, the first African American to hold this office.  Since his retirement in 2004 Colin Powell has written a best selling autobiography, My American Journey. He has pursued a career as a public speaker and has remained involved in his work with the Alliance for Youth.  By any measure Colin Powell is an extraordinary public servant. He is America's premier Soldier-Statesman. This designation is but a small gesture to honor his devotion to public service and his lifetime of dedication to the American public.  I support this bill and urge its passage.  Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  