Chairman, I offer an amendment.  The Acting CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Part B Amendment No. 7 offered by Mr. DeFazio:       At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following      (and conform the table of contents accordingly):     SEC. 310. FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICERS.       (a) Training and Requalification Training.--Section      44921(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by      adding at the end the following:       ``(3) Location of training.--       ``(A) Study.--The Secretary shall conduct a study of the      feasibility of conducting Federal flight deck officer initial      training at facilities located throughout the United States,      including an analysis of any associated programmatic impacts      to the Federal flight deck officer program.       ``(B) Report.--Not later than 180 days after the date of      enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall transmit to      Congress a report on the results of the study.       ``(4) Dates of training.--The Secretary shall ensure that a      pilot who is eligible to receive Federal flight deck officer      training is offered, to the maximum extent practicable, a      choice of training dates and is provided at least 30 days      advance notice of the dates.       ``(5) Travel to training facilities.--The Secretary shall      establish a program to improve travel access to Federal      flight deck officer training facilities through the use of      charter flights or improved scheduled air carrier service.       ``(6) Requalification and recurrent training.--       ``(A) Standards.--The Secretary shall establish      qualification standards for facilities where Federal flight      deck officers can receive requalification and recurrent      training.       ``(B) Locations.--The Secretary shall provide for      requalification and recurrent training at geographically      diverse facilities, including Federal, State, and local law      enforcement and government facilities, and private training      facilities that meet the qualification standards established      under subparagraph (A).       ``(7) Costs of training.--       ``(A) In general.--The Secretary shall provide Federal      flight deck officer training, requalification training, and      recurrent training to eligible pilots at no cost to the      pilots or the air carriers that employ the pilots.       ``(B) Transportation and expenses.--The Secretary may      provide travel expenses to a pilot receiving Federal flight      deck officer training, requalification training, or recurrent      training.       ``(8) Communications.--Not later than 180 days after the      date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall      establish a secure means for personnel of the Transportation      Security Administration to communicate with Federal flight      deck officers, and for Federal flight deck officers to      communicate with each other, in support of the mission of      such officers. Such means of communication may include a      secure Internet website.       ``(9) Issuance of badges.--Not later than 180 days after      the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall      issue badges to Federal flight deck officers.''.       (b) Revocation of Deputization of Pilot as Federal Flight      Deck Officer.--Section 44921(d)(4) of title 49, United States      Code, is amended to read as follows:       ``(4) Revocation.--       ``(A) Orders.--The Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security      (Transportation Security Administration) may issue, for good      cause, an order revoking the deputization of a Federal flight      deck officer under this section. The order shall include the      specific reasons for the revocation.       ``(B) Hearings.--An individual who is adversely affected by      an order of the Assistant Secretary under subparagraph (A) is      entitled to a hearing on the record. When conducting a      hearing under this section, the administrative law judge      shall not be bound by findings of fact or interpretations of      laws and regulations of the Assistant Secretary.       ``(C) Appeals.--An appeal from a decision of an      administrative law judge as a result of a hearing under      subparagraph (B) shall be made to the Secretary or the      Secretary's designee.       ``(D) Judicial review of a final order.--The determination      and order of the Secretary revoking the deputization of a      Federal flight deck officer under this section shall be final      and conclusive unless the individual against whom such an      order is issued files an application for judicial review      under subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5 (popularly known      as the Administrative Procedure Act) within 60 days of entry      of such order in the appropriate United States court of      appeals.''.       (c) Federal Flight Deck Officer Firearm Carriage Pilot      Program.--Section 44921(f) of title 49, United States Code,      is amended by adding at the end the following:       ``(4) Pilot program.--       ``(A) In general.--Not later than 90 days after the date of      enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall implement a      pilot program to allow pilots participating in the Federal      flight deck officer program to transport their firearms on      their persons. The Secretary may prescribe any training,      equipment, or procedures that the Secretary determines      necessary to ensure safety and maximize weapon retention.       ``(B) Review.--Not later than 1 year after the date of      initiation of the pilot program, the Secretary shall conduct      a review of the safety record of the pilot program and      transmit a report on the results of the review to Congress.       ``(C) Option.--If the Secretary as part of the review under      subparagraph (B) determines that the safety level obtained      under the pilot program is comparable to the safety level      determined under existing methods of pilots carrying firearms      on aircraft, the Secretary shall allow all pilots      participating in the Federal flight deck officer program the      option of carrying their firearm on their person subject to      such requirements as the Secretary determines appropriate.''.       (d) Federal Flight Deck Officers on International      Flights.--       (1) Agreements with foreign governments.--The President is      encouraged to pursue aggressively agreements with foreign      governments to allow maximum deployment of Federal flight      deck officers on international flights.       (2) Report.--Not later than 180 days after the date of      enactment of this Act, the President (or the President's      designee) shall submit to Congress a report on the status of      the President's efforts to allow maximum deployment of      Federal flight deck officers on international flights.       (e) References to Under Secretary.--Section 44921 of title      49, United States Code, is amended--       (1) in subsection (a) by striking ``Under Secretary of      Transportation for Security'' and inserting ``Secretary of      Homeland Security'';       (2) by striking ``Under Secretary'' each place it appears      and inserting ``Secretary''; and       (3) by striking ``Under Secretary's'' each place it appears      and inserting ``Secretary's''.  The Acting CHAIRMAN. Pursuant to House Resolution 283, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio).  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This amendment which I am offering with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica) of the Subcommittee on Aviation would make a good program even better, the Federal flight deck officer program, the last line of defense on the plane. Arming the pilots on the flight deck makes a tremendous amount of sense. There cannot be an air marshal on every plane, planes lack secondary barriers, and on longer flights pilots have to frequently open the door to receive food or use the facilities. If a terrorist attack or attempt should occur, knowing that the pilots are armed could provide the critical thing to save the passengers on that flight.  This amendment has the strong support of the Airline Pilots Association--I have a letter here--the National Rifle Association and others. This wouldmake a number of changes. They would be issued badges which they do not currently have and they sometimes have a hard time convincing people they are authorized to have a gun and they are a Federal law enforcement officer for purposes of aviation. It would give them an appeals process for revocation of their certification. It would look toward making the training more accessible for people, particularly the recertification, although the facility we are using now is an excellent facility but we want to be certain that because of distance or time that more pilots are not precluded from becoming volunteers and providing this critical defense.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica).  