Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time.  I am pleased that we finally have a bill out of the Senate, and I am pleased that we are going to move forward to conference. At this point, given the tardy adoption of the legislation by the Senate, it is necessary that we have, hopefully, one last, final, temporary, 30-day extension.  We are now 20 months overdue on this essential piece of legislation. This is a bill that, if adequately funded, could provide tens of thousands of jobs, putting Americans to work at projects that are needed to improve the transportation infrastructure, failing bridges, roads, highways, congestion management, mass transit; to more efficiently move people to work, from work, about in their daily lives; to move goods to firms for just-in-time delivery. It could be a real boost for an economy that, in my opinion, is still sputtering, and dependent upon too much borrowing and not enough real investment.  This is real investment. This is money we do not have to borrow. We are borrowing $1.3 million a minute to run the government. We do not have to borrow a single penny to build and rebuild these roads, bridges, and highways and move Americans more efficiently about the country.  I have a letter from the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, and I think they have said it well: ``An uncertain funding stream has forced the States to slow down planning and design and to delay construction of critically needed highway and transit projects. Further delay in enacting a reauthorization bill continues to reduce the purchasing power of Federal transportation dollars and increase the costs of projects.''  I think that says it well.  So we should act with all dispatch to move forward to conference and resolve the differences between the House and Senate, and adopt the most robust funding level possible, perhaps even having to challenge the White House on the numbers where they have drawn a line in the sand.  I have tremendous confidence in our chairman of the committee and of the conference, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), and I know that the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), of vast experience in a number of past reauthorizations, will lend all the support he can from our side of the aisle, and I will back him up as best as I can.  We need to adopt a permanent surface transportation reauthorization before or by the end of this next extension.  