Speaker, well, the majority party is shocked, shocked that price gouging took place in the wake of Katrina. Of course, they turned a blind eye to the gouging of consumers for months and years before that by big oil working in collusion with OPEC.  In the last 4 years, the top five oil companies have made $254 billion of profits. Exxon-Mobil, in the quarter before Katrina, $14 billion in one-quarter. And this bill does nothing to provide price relief to consumers or prevent gouging. Big oil gets a pass yet again. They are not getting as big of a gift this time, just a pass.  They point the finger at the retailers. Well, with rare exceptions, the gouging is not at the retail level. Producers of gas, they are getting 46 percent more, 47 cents a gallon; refiners, they are up to 250 percent in one year, 70 cents a gallon. Every American is paying 70 cents a gallon more to the refiners and 2 cents more on average to the retail people. It is not the retailers who are price gouging.  The chairman says ``we have closed 175 refineries.'' He can only say ``we'' if he is the oil industry. The oil industry has consciously colluded to close refineries to squeeze supply to drive up the price. It is the same thing Enron did in California to stick it to everybody on the West Coast of America. Tried and true. The industry has been doing that for years.  It is not environmental laws or regulation which have closed these refineries. They have been closed by mergers and a conscious decision of the chief operating officers and CEOs of big oil to drive up their profits, and boy, have they done that. Unfortunately, it is about to destroy small businesses and consumers across America.  But they still cannot take them on. They cannot take on their benefactors here on the floor. The President offered last year to let Valero or anybody else build a new refinery on a closed military base, waiving all environmental laws, and the chief operating officer of Valero, stock up 263 percent in one year, you thought Google was doing good, he said, why would we do that? It is working really well the way it is. It is phenomenally profitable for them and the few others who still operate refineries.  We need real help for Americans, short-term relief against price gouging, take on OPEC in the World Trade Organization. And then we need longer-term new technology, new fuels, more efficiency, true energy independence for the United States of America from big oil and the Saudi and the OPEC cartels. That would be something for the American people. You are not doing that.  