Chairman, I have always been a strong supporter of funding for arts programs and will continue to be. The arts community in my district is vibrant, and funding for the National Endowment for the Arts is an invaluable part of education and social enrichment throughout Oregon. I was pleased to see the amendment offered by Congresswoman Slaughter and Ranking Member Dicks, which would increase funding for the NEA, approved by a voice vote.  But we have an unresolved crisis on our public lands that needs to be addressed. A lot of members would probably like to believe that by passing the Healthy Forests restoration Act, Congress solved the forest health and hazardous fuel build-up problem. Nothing could be further from the truth.  I fought hard to get funding for fuel reduction projects included as part of HFRA. That bill eventually authorized $760 million annually for critical fuel reduction, but Congress hasn't even begun to approach that commitment as evidenced by the appropriations bill we're considering today.  This Interior bill contains $211 million in hazardous fuel reduction for the Bureau of Land Management and $286 million for the Forest Service. That's an increase of $9.8 million and $23.5 million respectively. I very much appreciate the Chairman and Ranking Member for including these increases in the bill, but they fall far short of what is needed to reduce hazardous fuel and the yearly threat of wildfire throughout the West.  The GAO recently stated that at these anemic spending levels we will continue to fall further and further behind. The GAO says that if we doubled the funding for fuel reduction, we would only stay even with the problem. Earlier this year when the agency testified before the Forests Subcommittee on which I serve, theysaid we would need to triple the funding for fuel reduction if we wish to begin to address the build-up of dangerous trees and shrubs in our national forests.  If we tripled the overall funding, more than 60 percent of that money could be spent under the expedited environmental analysis and judicial review authorized by HFRA, instead of using budget gimmicks to only claim that we are fully funding that important law. But the administration thus far has used that authority on less than 10 percent of projects. And the vast majority of those projects are simply burning rangeland, which does virtually nothing to improve forest health and reduce wildfire risk. The bottom line is that we are not even beginning to address the fuel build-up problem on forested federal land and we won't start with this bill. We gave them the authority to get more done in an expedited way, now let's give them the money necessary to do it.  The administration plans to treat only about 1 percent of the acres that they claim are in need of fuel reduction. The money in the amendment offered by Mr. Beauprez would be small compared to the need, but every additional dollar helps. This amendment would allow them to do 60,000 more acres of fuel reduction next year. And not of only burning sagebrush, but actually treating 60,000 more acres of forested lands which are overstocked tinder boxes that could result in catastrophic fires and threaten our communities.  Congress needs to get serious about funding hazardous fuel reduction projects and fullfil the commitment made when it passed HFRA. This amendment would be a small but important step toward that goal and I urge its adoption.  The Acting CHAIRMAN (Mr. Walden of Oregon). All time has expired.  The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Beauprez).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chairman announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  