He exaggerated. Their profit was only $9.8 billion for the quarter because they had some markdowns. That is the largest corporate quarterly profit in the history of the world, not just the United States of America. Some would say, well, you know, it has to do with supply and demand and all that. The biggest increase in profits for ExxonMobil, whose profits are up 75 percent on the quarter, BP's profits up 34 percent on the quarter. I think their stockholders should be talking to them. How come they only went up 34 percent on the quarter? ConocoPhillips 89 percent on the quarter--that CEO is going to be getting a nice little bonus--is in their refining areas.  The Republican chairman, from Texas, stood up on the floor of the House and said, ``We have closed 300 refineries in America in the last 10 years.'' If he is talking about ``we,''that is, if he identifies himself as an oil company executive, that is true. If he is talking about the government of the United States of America, the laws of the United States of America, environmental laws, tax laws, other things, no. The 300 refineries that were closed were closed because of hundreds of oil company acquisitions and mergers and a deliberate policy.  There has been uncovered a memo from Conoco to other major oil companies back in the mid nineties that said: We have a great idea. We're all only getting 27, 22 cents a gallon on refining. If we close down a bunch of refineries, we can drive up those margins. They have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. Oregonians were paying three bucks a gallon on Labor Day weekend. We are not in the east coast supply train so it is a little hard to say it had something to do with Katrina. But we were paying three bucks, $3.05 a gallon for regular, I remember paying. That was because the refiners cut went from 22.7 cents a gallon to $1.11 a gallon, a 500 percent increase in profits for the refiners. In fact, there is a new company, a new kid on the block, the largest refiner in America now called Valero whose CEO when George Bush offered to let him build new refineries on closed military bases with no environmental restrictions, he basically said, why would I want to do that? It's working just great the way it is. They are making unbelievable profits price gouging. It is exactly the same thing that Enron did in California. Enron in California got ahold of a bunch of generating plants and then they would shut them down and they would say, oh my god, we've got to charge you 10 times as much for your electricity today because there's a shortage. They are doing the same thing with refineries. They shut them down and they say, Oh, there's a refinery shortage. Americans are just going to have to pay more. Those darn environmentalists. None of them were closed because of environmental reasons, and they haven't applied to build any new ones.  Yesterday the Republican leaders of Congress held a press conference, which was kind of pathetic, where they said, Pretty please. We don't care about your really high profits, but we've heard there might be some gouging going on and you better stop that. And pretty please use some of your profits to build refineries.  No. It doesn't fit their business model. They are making money hand over fist. Their production end where they pump the stuff out of the ground, their profits are only up a measly 50 percent. On the distribution end they are only up 5 percent. The retailers are up 2 percent. The Republicans the week before last did adopt some price gouging legislation. Who did they target? The refiners, whose profits are up 500 percent? No. The companies who are pulling it out of the ground, whose profits are up 50 percent? No. Even the distributors who are up 5 percent, not a big deal? No, they targeted the retailers whose profits are up 2 percent because it's those mom-and-pops who are responsible for those high prices, let me tell you. But the friends of small business target the retailers and let the price gougers, the refiners, off the hook. Then they say, oh, we need to open up more land, we have to do this, we have to do that. No. Plain and simple this business model is immensely profitable in the industry and until we go after them has no incentive to change that business model.  The gentleman is right. The target is now fixed on your people. They have turned it from price gouging my people on gasoline to price gouging your people on home heating oil. But next spring they will turn their sights back to gasoline. They cannot extort as high, economists call it rent or price for their excess products in gasoline in the wintertime because people don't drive as much. In the summer they can do that.  