Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  The chairman has done a good job of talking about the people who do the real work around here, which is the staff, with good direction from the Members, and the chairman of the committee and the subcommittee chairman and the direction that I and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) have attempted to provide in this endeavor.  This, I believe, may be the signature accomplishment of this Congress, as it goes to positive accomplishments for the economy of the United States and domestic programs.  The investment in this bill, investment of taxes, paid by the American people at the pump, we are not creating new deficit or debt here; we are spending their tax money in the way it was intended when it was collected from them when they tanked up their car or their commercial vehicle.  For every billion dollars in this bill of investment, of mitigating congestion, of repairing cracked bridges, of resurfacing highways, for transit, for every billion we spend, the President's Department of Transportation estimates that it creates about 47,000 jobs, not just direct good-wage construction jobs, but jobs that spill over to the contractors, the small businesses that subcontract, the communities where the projects take place with the spending in those communities, with improvement in the movement of freight so trucks do not have to take lengthy detours, so the just-in-time delivery can work better for American businesses, putting people to work in companies that are more competitive. All of that flows from this $284 billion investment.  In an ideal world, I would invest more and I believe that the chairman has a similar position on that, but we are constrained by current budget reality, and this is a good step to be taken by the House of Representatives; and hopefully, this will move the process out of limbo in the Senate. In the last Congress, we could have gotten this job done had the Senate followed the lead of the House. They did not. Hopefully, this time they will be more amenable to getting this bill done and getting it done long before the temporary extension expires at the end of May.  Our departments of transportation across the country need certainty. Many of them are restricted legislatively or constitutionally from obligating funds into larger projects or projects that will go more than 1 year because we are in this series of temporary extensions of the Transportation Efficiency Act as we move toward TEA-LU.  With the adoption of TEA-LU and the certainty that will come with that, we will see a whole lot of on-the-shelf, ready-to-go vital projects across America, that will put tens of thousands to work this next summer, move forward. But only if they get that certainty. It is estimated in the last year $2 billion of necessary spending, investment in roads, bridges, highways, transit projects was foregone because of thisuncertainty. I mean, everyone knows we are going to make these investments, but at what level and over what period of time and with what constraints on the spending. So the States themselves need this.  In my own State, we have a tremendous problem with cracked bridges on Interstate 5, and it is interfering with international commerce and interstate commerce, and we want to move ahead; but we need the certainty of this legislation, the investment in this legislation to do that.  I see that the ranking member of the full committee has come in.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of the time on this side since I believe we will probably hear from the other side of the aisle.  