If you assert something that is not true, it is true on the floor of the House. There is no truth test here. Cut taxes for the rich, it will stimulate the economy. Put the little people to work who will pay taxes for their job cutting the lawns or washing their yachts. That is the argument we are hearing from that side of the aisle. Trickle down economics works, they tell us.  Unfortunately, that is not what most Americans find with their real incomes stalled out over the last 5 years. No, trickle down economics does one simple thing: It rewards the benefactors of the Republican Party.  Let us just look at one of the elements of the ``not raising taxes today.'' It would be let the tax cuts in dividends on stocks. Now, I go to my town meetings and I say, everybody who has dividend paying stocks, raise your hand. And I have a lot of people coming to my town meetings, but usually it is one, maybe two. And I think that is pretty much the same across America. But the millionaires and, yeah, the billionaires, they have a lot of dividend paying stocks. In fact, their tax cuts average $127,000, while the average family averaged $800.  Now, that is not even talking about the dividend tax. Let us talk about the dividend tax. This bill will extend the cut in dividend taxes. Now, the American Enterprise Institute, no liberal bastion there, they just issued a report and it says the dividend tax break has not generated more business investment or jobs or productive economic activity but it has enhanced investor wealth. That is what this is about. This bill is to enhance investor wealth.  Now, they have a newfound concern about the sea of red ink they have created, the 60 percent increase in our debt in the last 5 years. So a couple of weeks ago we jammed through a bill at 2 a.m. in the morning that cut things like student financial aid, Medicaid, health care to poor people, dumping that burden on the States; foster care, long-term care, the school lunch program. Those little kids are just eating too much. They are chowing down. They are going to help the obesity problem on this side of the aisle by starving kids.  Now, what are we buying with those cuts? Well, the student loan cuts, they say, oh, we are not cutting student loans, we are just charging them more for the loans. Right, you are not cutting student loans, you are just increasing their debt burden. You are not cutting the loans, you are just jacking up the interest rate, charging them twice as much to take out a loan, and charging them a special new fee to get a very high fixed interest rate, something they can get now for free at a lower rate.  But they are not whacking the students too hard, only $14 billion. And what do we get for that $14 billion? An extension of the dividend tax cut. That is great. So now the wealthy will be able to buy more yachts to float on the sea of red ink that the Republicans have created. They will be able to hire more help around the mansion. That is trickle down economics.  They talk about how great the economy is doing. Here is a few facts. Unemployment rate, yes, it is recently down, but it is up eight-tenths of a percent over when the Republican administration took charge. There is 1.6 million more unemployed workers than when George Bush took office. There is the slowest private sector job growth of any administration since Herbert Hoover. He is doing better than Herbert Hoover. That is great. The largest projected surpluses turned into the largest projected deficits, with $4.2 trillion more debt in 2008.  Now, that is the grand success of trickle down. And they come out here and assert baldly that giving tax cuts to rich people will not only stimulate the economy, put people to work, but that it will reduce the deficit. Sure. You really believe that? I do not think so. The American people do not believe it.  What you are doing here is giving very generous tax cuts to the people who give you very generous campaign contributions.  