Speaker, time and time again here on the floor of the House I hear speeches: ``We will never forget 9/11; we will better prepare and defend America.''  But the most basic lesson of September 11, where we tragically lost so many first responders in the collapse of the towers, was that they lacked secure interoperable communications. They could not talk and communicate with those first responders, and many died needlessly. We have not learned that most basic of lessons.  In fact, President Bush this year zeroed out Federal assistance to local communities for secure interoperable communications. How quickly some have forgotten, yet they say it will never happen again.  Well, Hurricane Katrina was not a terrorist attack, but the Federal response was worse and degraded from the capabilities that we had on 9/11. On that day, FEMA was a high-functioning, independent, professionally run agency. Today, it is subsumed into this gigantic morass of the homeland security bureaucracy, downgraded to subagency level with a political hack as its director, and most of the professional staff has resigned and gone on to run State management agencies around the country. There are still some good professionals there, but the leadership, appointed by the White House, and the fact it was subsumed in the bureaucracy at the insistence of the Republican majority and the White House, they took away its independent agency status.  We had a vote on the floor to restore its independent agency status. We predicted these problems, but they opposed that amendment. Now they want to investigate themselves. Will the other side of the aisle fess up, like the White House never does, that they were wrong to follow the lead of the White House to downgrade this agency, to politicize it, subsume it in a huge bureaucracy, and that we are less capable than we were on 9/11 to respond to these types of disasters? I think not.  Mr. Speaker, we need an independent agency outside of this highly partisan body. They will not admit to those mistakes. There were certainly mistakes made at the local level, and they will probably highlight those, and those should be rectified, too. But all mistakes should come out, the failings of the Federal Government, the State government, and the local governments, with an independent, nonpartisan commission. That would be greatly preferable to this coverup that is going to go on here.  