 It was interesting, I watched a little bit of the hour before with the gentleman from Texas and others, and they were prattling on about the reckless spending of the Democrats. Whatthey forget is that the last time the budget was balanced, there was a Democrat sitting in the White House. The last time we began to tax the rich fairly, to bring about a balanced budget, there was a Democrat in the White House and the Democrats controlled Congress. Yet they talk about the reckless spending of the Democrats.  The debt when George Bush took office was about $18,000 per American, the tiniest baby, oldest senior citizen, $5.6 trillion. In 5 short years, he has run the debt up to over $8 trillion, almost $27,000 per person on the President's watch. Yet they prattled on about the Democrats' reckless spending.  But what they are really trying to cover up here is their favoritism for a very small percentage of society, and the gentleman from Vermont was just talking about it. This is IRS data. Under the Bush administration, the IRS being steadily politicized by this President, still, the data shows that one-tenth of 1 percent of the people in this country, those who earn over $1.3 million a year, got an average income increase last year of $130,000, a dream to most of my constituents, to earn $130,000, principally due to tax cuts.  Here is what we are doing: collecting from working people, only people who earn salaries and wages who earn less than $94,000 a year paying Social Security taxes. They are paying on every dollar they earn, up to $94,000. Social Security will have a $180 billion surplus this year. The Republicans and the Republican President are borrowing every penny of that $180 billion surplus that is supposed to go to fund future retirement benefits for those Americans. They are borrowing it and they are spending it and they are replacing it with IOUs.  In part, and this is the ironic thing, in part, as the gentleman knows, that is going to finance tax cuts for the wealthiest among us, people who do not pay Social Security taxes, or pay at a tiny fraction of the rate. A person who earns, let us say $940,000 a year, their Social Security tax rate is one-tenth of that of someone who earns $30,000 a year. And many of them, since this administration values wealth over work, many people do not pay any Social Security tax, because they just live off their investments. Yet this administration says they need relief from taxes.  When they talk about the working people, they are not talking about giving tax relief to working families or help to working families. They today, and for the last week, have been talking about cutting student loans by $15 billion, cutting Medicare for senior citizens, Medicaid for senior citizens and the poorest of Americans, cutting food security, cutting foster care from the Federal Government, cutting all those programs under the guise of new-found fiscal responsibility on the part of the Congress, which is spending us into bankruptcy. And what are they going to do with it? They are going to finance more tax cuts for the wealthy, because they think what America needs is more trickle-down economics: give the money to the wealthiest among us and they will spend it in ways that will put other Americans to work.  Well, what if they spend it overseas? What if they invest it overseas, as more and more companies flee overseas? That does not put any Americans to work. The guy who runs Delphi auto parts has an answer for that. People are just going to have to take a little pay cut. He says Americans who work in these industries who are earning now good family wages should work for $10 an hour. I do not know what 