Chairman, my amendment is simple. Let me read it in its entirety. ``None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to initiate military operations except in accordance with Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States.''  The intent of this is simple: To prevent the President from committing U.S. forces to additional wars without first coming to Congress for a vote authorizing such military action. If the President wishes or feels it is necessary to have a war with Syria, Iran, North Korea or any other nation, then under the U.S. Constitution and my amendment, he must first come to Congress.  Some will try and argue that this would tie the hands of the President and the Pentagon and the CIA when it comes down to tracking down al Qaeda. My amendment would not impact the government's ability to hunt, apprehend or kill members of al Qaeda. On September 18, Congress adopted a broad authorization of force that says the President is authorized to use all necessary appropriate force against nations, organizations, and persons he determines planned, authorized, committed, aided the terrorist attacks, or harbored such organizations or persons in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against the United States by such nations, organizations or persons.  Referring back to the preceding list of countries, if the President could demonstrate that any of them were involved in 9/11, he would not need further authorization from Congress. Nor would my amendment impact on our ongoing military operations in Iraq. On October 16, 2002, Congress authorized those actions under the United States Constitution.  Further, there are those who would say what about covert activities? It is important to note that title 50, United States Code, section 413, already provides Congressional authorization pursuant to amendments in 1980 to the National Security Act of 1947, for the President to authorize covert operations under certain circumstances on behalf of the United States.  In other words, if my amendment passes, the President will still have all of the authorization from Congress he needs to actively pursue al Qaeda operations in Iraq and other terrorist activities around the globe.  The amendment simply seeks to reinforce war powers granted solely to Congress under the U.S. Constitution to ensure the President cannot launch a major war against Iran, Syria, North Korea or any other nation without a vote from Congress.  Some will say, Is that really necessary? On April 18, 2002, in response to a letter I and other Members sent to the President about the need to authorize the war with Iraq, I received a letter from then-White House counsel Alberto Gonzalez, now Attorney General. Mr. Gonzalez stated that the President has broad Constitutional authority as Commander-in-Chief, and as the sole organ of the Federal Government in foreign affairs to deploy the Armed Forces of the United States, a formal declaration of war or other authorization from the Congress is not required to enable the President to undertake the full range of actions that may be necessary to protect our national security. That is an extraordinarily broad assertion not supported by a President after more than 200 years of interpretation of the Constitution.  So I feel my amendment, as narrow as it is, is necessary to protect the war powers separation of the President as the Commander-in-Chief. The Congress of the United States has the sole authority to declare war, except in case of sudden attack upon the United States, its citizens, or armed forces. Ample opportunity exists for the President to continue to pursue al Qaeda and others and the war in Iraq under this amendment.  I urge my colleagues, if they support that interpretation of the Constitution, which is broadly acknowledged by most legal scholars, except Mr. Gonzalez, and I do not know if he is a legal scholar, and would uphold our authority.  