The other technique that Delphi and other major corporations are employing is they are also sticking it to the U.S. taxpayer, because Delphi also is going to walk away from its pension obligations.  Now, we have a pension insurance fund backed by the Federal Government called the PBGC. Under George Bush's watch, it has gone from having an $8 billion surplus to an estimated $200 billion deficit in 5 short years of George Bush's watch. That is the future obligations of pension plans they have assumed. United Airlines pension plan and now Delphi is going to try to dump theirs on them, and other airlines.  So these major U.S. corporations declare bankruptcy and dump the pension plans on the taxpayers. Workers see amajor reduction in pension, because they will not give you your promised pension; depending upon your age and what you were promised, you might get 30, 40 percent of what your pension was going to be. Ultimately the taxpayers are going to pick up the bill for this little maneuver as they take this company through.  Now, there are no future claims. This company goes through bankruptcy, reemerges and is sold for a huge profit, but the Federal taxpayers have no recourse. They cannot reclaim any of that money.  I asked a fellow from the PBGC about this, about the airlines. I said, so, you have taken an equity position in United Airlines as part of this deal of assuming their pensions. Could you not have a claim against future profitability of the airline or against future stock value to make the taxpayers and the PBGC whole? And he got really puzzled for a moment and he looked and said, well, I guess we could do that. Never thought of doing that.  So this has become the new technique: dump the obligations, dump the health care plans, dump the pension plans, the health care plans of people who either fall into the cracks; or, if they are old enough, they can get into Medicare, which this administration is also driving toward bankruptcy. And I do not know if we will have a chance to get to that tonight, but that is another topic of extraordinary concern. And then they become, you know, recovery champions when they turn Delphi around and when the company becomes worth a whole heck of a lot more money, and some turnover specialists capitalize it to come out of bankruptcy and make a fortune on the company. That is the way it works now. That is not a long-term, sustainable plan for this country.  I think now, if we could, we might move a little bit into trade now. Tax policies are a huge portion of this. We already talked about that to some extent. The other thing that is driving down wages and benefits and the working standards, the living standards in this country, is trade. As the gentleman said, it is a race to the bottom. We are saying to the American workers, well, you have to live at the standard of a Chinese worker.  Well, I do not think that that is going to work real well in the system. I mean, we are a consumer-based society. Housing is pretty expensive, cars, fuel, all of these sorts of things. How are you going to live on 3 bucks an hour or a buck an hour, raise a family, have a home, have a place to live and do those sorts of things? It will not work. This model will not work.  But we are also losing our entire manufacturing base. The first automobiles manufactured in China are going to be reimported next January. So goodbye, auto industry, it is gone. And they were pretty honest about that. There was actually an article, 1 day before we voted on special trade status for China, on the front page of the Wall Street Journal which said, this is the end of the manufacturing in America. It is all going to China. And Boeing, of course, wants to go, too. Then we will not make anything anymore. We will try and borrow money to buy things we used to make, but at some point they will probably stop lending us the money, or they will start demanding something in return that we are not going to want to pay.  