Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, S. 252, known as the PREEMIE Reauthorization Act, is designed to strengthen health care for children--especially vulnerable children. Not only does the bill reauthorize the PREEMIE Act, but it also includes the authorization of the National Pediatric Research Network and the reauthorization of the Chimp Act.  The original PREEMIE Act that I sponsored and was signed into law back in December 2006 brought much-needed attention to the problems related to preterm birth. Since its enactment, we have made progress, but we can and we still must do better. According to the CDC, an estimated half million babies are born prematurely every year in the United States; that is about one in eight. This legislation will continue and strengthen the ongoing effort to track, prevent, and treat prematurity, ensuring that every child has a healthy start and a better chance at a healthy and productive future.  In addition to addressing premature births, this legislation also seeks to help children and their families with unmet health needs. The National Pediatric Research Network brings us a step closer to providing more help to children with rare pediatric and genetic diseases. This effort is going to help families like the Kennedys in my district in Mattawan, Michigan.  Eric and Sarah Kennedy have two wonderful little daughters, Brooke and Brielle--Brielle is here in this picture--who have a rare spinal disease called spinal muscular atrophy. These two little angels, who are also affectionately known, at least in my family, as Sleeping Beauty and Cinderella, are two little warriors in the effort to boost research for rare diseases and serve as an inspiration for every one of us.  The sad reality is that it is often difficult to conduct research into rare diseases due to the small number of kids with that disease; but today, with this bill, we are working to change that and provide families with greater hope for a cure or advances in treatment.  This bill will help establish pediatric research networks and consortia that are effective in overcoming gaps in networks. Networks and consortia will be comprised of leading institutions that act as partners to consolidate and coordinate research efforts. As this multiyear effort is finally nearing the finish line, we say to the Kennedys and so many other families across the country in similar circumstances, You are not alone in this fight.  Lastly, this package includes reauthorization of the Chimp Act of 2000 that helped establish the sanctuary system for chimps retired from research. This bill reauthorizes the program at the current spending level for NIH's care of chimpanzees and reduces it through the next 5 years. It also is going to require the GAO to study how NIH cares for the chimps and asks GAO to identify how we can further save taxpayer money.  I want to particularly commend Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Lance, Mrs. Capps who is here tonight, Mrs. McMorris Rodgers, and, in the Senate, certainly Chairman Harkin and Ranking Member Alexander for their wonderful efforts on this legislative package. Working together, we are making a difference in the lives of so many.  So I would urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.  