Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds.  Mr. Speaker, I just want to remind my friends that this is bipartisan legislation. I congratulate Mr. Welch for being the lead Democratic sponsor.  I just want to say, too, in terms of looking at the money, the bill itself says:       All amounts in each account maintained for the national      committee of a major party or minor party under this section      shall be transferred to a fund in the Treasury to be known as      the ``10-Year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund,'' which      shall be available only for the purpose provided in section      402A(a)2 of the Public Health Service Act, and only to the      extent and in such amounts as are provided in advance in      appropriations Acts.  Tell me how to write it tougher. We did it.  I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California, (Mr. McCarthy), the majority whip.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. I thank Chairman Upton.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2019, named in the memory of a remarkable young lady, Gabriella Miller.  The Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act gives pediatric research a shot in the arm through additional targeted funding, funding that is fully offset by reining in taxpayer funding of political conventions.  The National Institutes of Health works admirably in distributing important Federal funding on basic medical research, but more can be done for childhood illness. In 2012, only 2 percent of NIH funding was spent on pediatric cases.  Today's bill provides additional funding for the NIH to help address the need for coordinated research on various childhood diseases, including cancer, autism, and juvenile diabetes. It helps provide a down payment to the promise that we have to our next generation by helping our scientists and researchers find the cures today to childhood illnesses.  There is no Republican or Democrat form of childhood illness, and there is no Republican or Democrat way to fight it. By working together on this bipartisan bill, we can put our children above the Presidential politics of every 4 years.  I want to thank my good friends Congressman Gregg Harper and Congressman Peter Welch for their work on this legislation. I also want to thank Majority Leader Cantor for his continued leadership on these issues affecting America's families across the country.  Vote ``yes'' on H.R. 2019.  