. 1919, the Safeguarding America's Pharmaceutical Act of 2013. I want to thank the bill's authors, including Mr. Latta, for their bipartisan leadership on this very important issue.  This bill strengthens the prescription drug supply chain in order to protect American families against counterfeit drugs. The bill also would help prevent increases in drug prices, avoid additional drug shortages, and literally eliminate hundreds of millions of dollars worth of duplicative government red tape on American businesses that is harming job growth.  As Mr. Latta said, supporters of the Federal track and trace legislation include the U.S. Deputy Sheriffs' Association and also those in the supply chain, including the National Community Pharmacists Association. According to the CBO, the bill would reduce the deficit by $24 million.  Last Congress, we spent a significant amount of time working on this very important issue as we successfully moved the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act through the legislative process, and our efforts continued beyond enactment and into the 113th Congress. During that entire process, we also sought input from stakeholders like Pfizer and Perrigo, in my district in Michigan, as well as our smaller pharmacies, too. This hard work allowed us to better understand the issue, and this bill reflects that understanding.  At the Energy and Commerce Committee, we held a legislative hearing on the bill last April. We approved the bill in both subcommittee and full committee by voice vote. We certainly did have a spirited debate at the committee, but we stand here united in our belief that the prescription drug supply chain has to be strengthened.  We look forward to working with our Senate colleagues on H.R. 1919 on a bipartisan basis to improve the bill, including how it addresses issues related to wholesale distributors during phase one. Because of the hard work that has already been put in on this issue and the importance of protecting our Nation's families from counterfeit drugs, I am hopeful we can get a product to the President's desk by the August recess.  