Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I stand in strong support of S. 330, known as the HOPE Act.  The HOPE Act would eliminate the restriction on acquiring HIV-positive organs in order to permit research on transplants between HIV-positive individuals. The legislation will increase the number of available organs and will help all of those who are awaiting a transplant.  In 1984, Congress enacted the National Organ Transplant Act, NOTA. The purpose of NOTA was to guide organ donation and transplantation. In 1988, Congress amended NOTA to ban the transplantation of HIV-infected organs. Today, HIV treatments have extended and have improved the lives of countless HIV patients. This, in turn, has increased the need for organ donations.  This bill would allow research to fully evaluate the safety and effectiveness of organ transplantation between individuals with HIV. Specifically, the bill would permit research on transplants involving HIV-positive individuals by eliminating the restriction on acquiring HIV-positive organs. The legislation also would direct the Secretary of HHS to develop and implement standards for research on the transplantation of HIV-infected organs. Finally, the bill would require the Secretary of HHS to revise transplant standards based on that research.  H.R. 698 is the House companion to the HOPE Act. Mrs. Capps, on our committee, authored H.R. 698, and the Energy and Commerce Committee passed it by voice vote last July. Earlier this year, the Senate passed the legislation before us today, which was led by Senators Boxer, Coburn, Baldwin, and Paul--a bipartisan group. By passing the HOPE Act now, we will send it directly to the President so that he can sign it into law and avoid a conference.  This commonsense proposal has the potential to save lives. With 100,000 patients waiting for life-saving organs, permitting HIV-positive donors to be used for transplants could save as many as 1,000 HIV-infected patients every year. So, tonight, we provide some hope for those in need of new organs. I support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.  I reserve the balance of my time.  