Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.  I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3204, the Drug Quality and Security Act.  I am so proud to say that this piece of legislation is a product of true bipartisan and bicameral work. The Senate and the House, Republicans and Democrats, came together to produce a bill that will protect American patients by ensuring that they receive safe drugs.  This legislation will strengthen the prescription drug supply chain in order to protect American families against counterfeit drugs. The bill also eliminates and prevents increases in drug prices; it avoids additional drug shortages; and it eliminates hundreds of millions of dollars worth of duplicative government red tape on American businesses, which is harming job growth.  The supply chain provisions of the Drug Quality and Security Act are the product of many years of tireless work. We know from stakeholders like Pfizer and Perrigo in Michigan that this is not just a patient safety issue; it's a jobs issue. This bill will bring certainty to the drug supply chain and ensure that patients will continue to receive the medicine that they need without interruption. This bill also addresses drug compounding.  H.R. 3204 is the result of the Energy and Commerce Committee's thorough investigation of the NECC meningitis outbreak, which began its devastating spread almost a year ago today. To date, the CDC has linked 64 deaths and nearly 750 cases in 20 States to contaminated drugs from the NECC. My home State of Michigan has been the hardest hit by the outbreak, with 19 lives needlessly lost--three in my district. The sad truth is that, yes, they could have been prevented.  This legislation is an important step in helping to prevent any such tragedy from ever occurring again. By reviewing countless documents, holding four committee hearings, and reviewing various legislative proposals, we better understand what is needed to help prevent a future NECC, and we have built that into this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, this bill upholds the current section 503(a) of the law, and provides it with the clarity that FDA needs by eliminating the unconstitutional provisions. The bill also requires FDA to engage in meaningful communication with State boards of pharmacy. Further, under this bill, entities engaged in sterile drug compounding can voluntarily register with FDA and operate under FDA regulation. Finally and importantly, this bill protects traditional pharmacy compounding that occurs in community pharmacies across the country. That's why the bill has the support of the National Community Pharmacists Association, and I would like to thank them for working with us so closely.  I also want to thank Chairman Pitts, Chairman Murphy, Vice Chair Blackburn, Mr. Latta, and particularly Mr. Griffith for their outstanding leadership on these issues. I want to commend Mr. Waxman, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Dingell, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Green, and Mr. Matheson for their work as well.  