President, I have been able to listen a bit to the wonderful tributes over the last few hours to Senator Mikulski. We all know of her wonderful service all these years, the record that is being shattered--a very special record.  As I listened to some of the comments, I was struck that tributes usually come in the Senate when one of our colleagues is leaving office or sometimes one of our colleagues passes away. And what I am struck by this afternoon is how glad I am and colleagues on both sides of the aisle are that Senator Mikulski is very much alive, and next week and next month and in the years ahead she is going to continue to bring this kind of wellspring of conscience and energy and passion and expertise to the Senate.  I am going to have more to say in terms of a lengthier speech, but she and I have had a special relationship for almost three decades. We served together in the other body on the Energy and Commerce Committee. We would often show up at meetings together, and this is still a tradition that continues now because we both have the honor of serving on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Senator Mikulski and I would walk in together, and she would smile and say: Now the long and short of it are arriving. And I guess that is true in a literal sense, but while Senator Mikulski may be modest in stature, she has one very large record on behalf of the public interest, and I am especially grateful for all she has done for people without power and people without clout.  When we think about what has so angered the American people--and I have heard the Senator from Colorado, the Presiding Officer, talk about this--it is that people feel so disconnected from government; that you can have a community meeting in Oregon or Colorado or Maryland or some other part of the country, and somehow there is this sense what goes on in Washington really has nothing to do with people in their home community.  Senator Mikulski doesn't practice public service that way. Senator Mikulski has always felt, since the days when she was a community organizer and they were dealing with those community problems and where are you going to locate a freeway or something of that nature, that public service and community service were always about being connected to people. She understood right away what people may say at a townhall meeting now in Colorado or Oregon about government being removed from their lives, and for decades she has practiced a very different kind of public service. She did it when she was a community organizer, she did it in the House of Representatives, and she continues to do it today.  Very often when we take the subway to a vote and I ask her what she has done over the weekend, she will talk about families. She knows I was codirector of the Gray Panthers for many years before I was elected to Congress, so we will talk about aging issues. And everybody knows what she has done in the aging field and her interest in fighting Alzheimer's. So it always comes back to people, and that connection she brings to public service that is so lacking from what Americans see is the big problem in government today, that much of what goes on here is simply disconnected from their lives.  What I see in Barbara Mikulski is the real measure of what we want in a public servant. We want someone who is conscientious, we want someone who is smart, we want someone who has good values and someone who always tries to be a coalition builder.  I have watched Senator Mikulski in lots of instances. We had one just recently where Senator Mikulski was trying to find a balance on a difficult and contentious issue between industry and the environment, and I watched how she was trying to listen to both sides. Maryland has some communities where they have older plants, and if she can't take steps to protect those plants and have the workers keep their jobs, a lot of people are going to hurt, and Senator Mikulski always tries to keep that from happening. She has also said clean air and the environmentallaws are important. And that last quality of trying to bring people together, which I have heard the Senator from Colorado talk about, is what Senator Mikulski's public service career has been all about.  So tonight and through the day we have heard colleagues pay tribute. I made mention of the fact that so often I hear these tributes when a colleague is leaving the Senate. I would like to close these brief remarks by saying that I am especially grateful that the cause of good government is enhanced by the fact that Senator Mikulski is very much alive. This is not a tribute to someone who is leaving office, this is a tribute to someone who is going to be here next week, next month, and the years ahead, continuing to shatter those records as she advocates for people who don't have big lobbies, who don't have lots of political clout and can't go out and hire PR firms and well-paid and well-tailored advocates to walk the halls of the Senate. She is there for those people who don't have a voice. She has been there for those people ever since she was a community organizer in those early days in Baltimore.  When I think about trying to give public service a good name, I think about Barbara Mikulski--our wonderful friend, Senator Barbara Mikulski, the senior Senator from the State of Maryland. We thank her for giving public service a good name. We thank her for taking on the battles and the fights she has in the past. And we are all especially grateful that at the end of this tribute she will be back at her post a few seats from me, standing for those values and standing for those causes that are so important to the well-being of this country.  Madam President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Shaheen). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  