 In recent years there has been a revolution in how our citizens exercise their right to vote. Instead of every American showing up in person, more and more Americans are choosing to vote by mail, using absentee ballots, no-excuse absentee voting or, in the case of my home State of Oregon, the entire election is conducted by mail. This amendment I will be offering and that I am discussing this morning--and in which I join Senator Feinstein and other colleagues--is designed to protect the millions of Americans who choose to use the post office to exercise their right to vote. This amendment protects those millions of Americans from any kind of postal delay that could disrupt their ability to ensure their vote is counted.  My home State of Oregon has a system in which all ballots are cast by mail.  In Oregon, if the ballots are not delivered by mail to the county election offices by the deadline on election night, they are not counted. So it is essential to the conduct of fair elections in my home State that delivery of ballots cast by mail not be delayed.  To prevent the potential threat to our elections from delayed mail delivery, the Wyden-Feinstein amendment would place a moratorium on the closure of postal facilities until November 13, 2012, in States that vote by mail or allow any voter to vote no-excuse absentee. It would also require the Postal Service to notify election officials of closings and consolidations and require the Postal Service to study the effect of closing or consolidating a mail processing facility on the ability of the affected community to vote by mail.  My home State consistently has high voter turnout. Vote by mail has been successful and it is popular. In my State, more than 85 percent of registered voters participated in the 2008 elections, but this kind of approach to voting is popular not just in my home State of Oregon. In the 2008 election, 89 percent of ballots in Washington State were cast by mail, as well as 64 percent of those in Colorado, over 50 percent in Arizona, and it was nearly that high a percentage in California.  In my home State, the Postal Service is a place where people send and receive packages and mail order prescriptions, and it is also a place that community residents come together. It seems to me that if we are going to close and consolidate postal facilities, not only will it harm the delivery of ballots and campaign-related mail to voters and return of the ballots to election officials, but it also will zap much of what is vital to rural America; that is, the opportunity to come and gather in one place.  Jordan Valley, located in beautiful eastern Oregon on the Nevada border, is 457 miles from Portland. With the proposed consolidations, the nearest regional processing center would literally be almost 500 miles away. If the U.S. Postal Service goes ahead with their proposed closures and consolidations, then a ballot cast in Jordan Valley could travel approximately 1,000miles before it reaches the hands of election officials. This is unacceptable for constituents who vote in the far corners--the rural corners--of my State.  Cuts to the Postal Service mean that ballots mailed in the final days before an election may not get to election officials in time to be counted. Ballots sent the weekend before a Tuesday vote may not get into the hands of election officials by the present-day deadline of election day. Closing and consolidating postal facilities disproportionately harms the ability of rural residents to have their votes counted.  