Let's boost revenue for farmers and reduce the overhead costs for the businesses around the country that use this product. And let's put more people to work growing and processing an environmentally friendly crop with a ready market in the United States.  For all the reasons I have described, I will be urging my colleagues to support this amendment so the law can be changed and farmers are not prevented from growing a profitable crop in the future.  Even though my amendment is about growing a crop and should be clearly relevant to the farm bill, it may be blocked from getting a vote because of the Senate rules on what amendments are allowed to be offered once cloture is invoked on the bill. If I get the opportunity, I am going to bring this amendment up through the regular order. But if cloture is invoked and my amendment is not allowed, I want colleagues to know I will be back at this again until there are smarter regulations in place for industrial hemp.  In closing, let me say I don't think we can overstate the importance of the best possible farm bill. Senator Stabenow and Senator Roberts have, in my view, done yeomen's work in trying to build a bipartisan approach. The question now is can we use the amendment process to improve on the kind of bipartisan effort they brought to the floor.  Each of the areas I have described this afternoon--improving the Farm to School program, wringing more value and better nutritional outcomes from the SNAP program, and helping a promising hemp industry--give us a chance to attain the objectives of what I have described as the best possible farm bill, and we can do this all without spending one single dime of additional taxpayer money--not a dime of additional taxpayer money. It is my hope we can take the good work that has already been done by Senators Stabenow and Roberts and build on that. I hope the Senate will support the three amendments I have described this afternoon.  With that, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  