President, the senior Senator from Arizona--whom, as I mentioned, I have worked with often--has said, in effect, if you oppose his amendment, you are interested in privacy.  The reality is, my interest is in privacy and security. I believe it is possible to have both, and I want to explain how that is the case.  Something I worked on for a long time, the USA FREEDOM Act, we included section 102. Section 102 very explicitly said that if the government--if the FBI, in a situation like Orlando or San Bernardino, for example--if the government believed it needed information immediately--immediately--the government could get the information and then go back to the court after the fact. In effect, after the government had been able to get the information of its own volition, settle up immediately so as to protect the American people.  This debate is about are we going to have policies that advance both our security and our liberty. I have felt very strongly--I see my seatmate, the distinguished ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. We sit next to each other on the Intelligence Committee. We talk about these issues very often. As part of the USA FREEDOM Act, I pushed very hard to make sure the government had those emergency authorities.  This is a dangerous time. Nobody disputes that. If you have been on the Intelligence Committee, as Senator Mikulski and I have been for so many years, that is not in question. This is a dangerous time.  No. 1, the question is, Are we going to have both security and liberty? In my view, that is where the amendment from the senior Senator from Arizona comes up short.  No. 2, the Senator from Arizona has said the problem he seeks to correct was just a typo, kind of a clerical error--not even close.  The debate back in 1993--we have the record, the House, the Senate, the FBI. It was very carefully crafted in a way to ensure that there would not be abuse in the digital area. When you look at that specifically, that is very clear. This was not a typo. This was carefully crafted--House, Senate, FBI--in 1993.  When my friend from Arizona says it was a typo--not even close. I hope colleagues will avail themselves of our offer to look at the record.  Right now, nobody from the government, the FBI, has said, if it had the power the Senator from Arizona seeks to give the government--nobody in the intelligence field or in the government said it would have prevented Orlando.  The fact is, the government has the authority, the emergency authority, and it was something I pushed very hard for. It was right at the core of my belief that we ought to be pushing for both security and liberty at a dangerous time and that the two are not mutually exclusive. So we added to the USA FREEDOM Act that emergency authority for the government.  It is also true, the administration of George W. Bush specifically rejected the idea the Senator from Arizona is calling for. They specifically said this has created problems. There have been four separate inspector general analyses that support that.  As we continue this discussion, I hope colleagues will see that we ought to keep the focus on both security and liberty. That is why the emergency authorities we got in the USA FREEDOM Act are so important. They are intact. They can be used for any situation--Orlando, San Bernardino, any other--that the government, the FBI, feels the security and safety of the American people are at stake.  With respect to the lone-wolf provision, which I heard my colleague mention, we reauthorized that for 4 years in the USA FREEDOM Act. I supported that as well.  I just hope colleagues will think through the implications of the amendment from the Senator from Arizona because under what he is talking about, a national security letter, what is called an NSL, can be issued by any FBI field office to demand records from a company without going to a judge. To support this, in effect, you basically are saying you don't support oversight, you don't support court oversight, because we have given the court and the government the ability to move quickly.  I hope tomorrow we don't conclude that the FBI ought to be able to demand email records, text message logs, Web-browsing history, and certain types of information without court oversight.  The Senator from Arizona said: Well, you are not going to get all the content of those emails.  That is true, but the fact is, in a lot of instances, when you know who emailed whom, you know a whole lot about that person. If somebody emailed the psychiatrist four times in 48 hours, you know a whole lot about the person. You don't have to see all of the content of the emails.  Colleagues, we will discuss this some more, but I hope Senators will see this is about ensuring there is both security and liberty. The government has not said or intimated that if they had the power the Senator from Arizona seeks to put back--that the Bush administration rejected--the government has not said or intimated this would have prevented the horrific tragedy in Orlando.  I hope my colleagues will oppose the McCain amendment tomorrow.  I yield the floor.  