President, before he leaves the floor, I wish to engage my friend for a moment with respect to his remarks. He is absolutely right that wehave been friends since we arrived here, and we are working together on a whole host of projects right now. So this is debate about differences of opinion with respect to some of the key issues. I wish to make a couple of quick points in response to my colleague.  My colleague said there had been an inclusive process for discussing this. As far as I can tell, the vast amount of discussion basically took place between the judges and the government. My guess is, if you and I walked into a coffee shop in Houston or Dallas, or in my home State, in Coos Bay or Eugene, people wouldn't have any idea what was going to happen tonight at midnight. Tonight at midnight is going to be a significant moment in this discussion.  My colleague made the point with respect to security and privacy. I definitely feel those two are not mutually exclusive; we can have both, but it is going to take smart policies. My colleague has done a lot of important work on the Freedom of Information Act issues. These are complicated, important issues, and nobody up here has had a chance to weigh in. There has been a process with some judges, and I guess some folks got a chance to submit a brief. Maybe there was a notice in the Federal Register; that is the way it usually works, but nobody at home knows anything about that. My guess is, none of our hospitals know anything about something like this, and it has real implications for them because our medical facilities--something we all agree on that have been major sources of cyber hackings--they have been major kinds of targets.  Again, this is not the kind of thing where somebody is saying something derogatory about somebody personally; we just have a difference of opinion with respect to the process. To me, at home, when people hear about a government process, they say: Hey, I guess that means I get a chance to weigh in. That is why I have townhall meetings in every county every year because that is what the people think the process is, not judges talking among themselves.  The second point my friend touched on was essentially the warrant policies and that he supports the Fourth Amendment and this is about the Fourth Amendment. I think that is worth debating. To me, at a minimum, this is an awful novel approach to the Fourth Amendment. One judge, one warrant for thousands and potentially millions of computers which could result in more damage to the citizen after the citizen has already been hit once with the hack. So my colleague said this is what the fourth Amendment is about. I think that is a fair point for debate. I would argue this is an awful novel approach to the Fourth Amendment. This is not what I think most people think the Fourth Amendment is. Hey, this is about me and somebody is going to have to get a warrant about me. It is about individuals. To me, the Senate has now--and we still have officially 12 hours to do something about it--but as of now, the Senate has given consent to an expansion of government hacking and surveillance. In effect, the Senate, by not acting, has put a stamp of approval on a major policy change that has not had a single hearing, no oversight, no discussion. In effect, the Senate--this is not even Senate 101. That is what everybody thinks Senators are supposed to be about. When we are talking about search and seizure, that is an issue for Congress to debate, and the Justice Department shouldn't have the ability to, at a minimum, as I indicated in my conversation with my colleague from Texas, come up with a very novel approach to the Fourth Amendment without elected officials being able to weigh in.  Now I will close by way of saying that when Americans find out that the Congress is allowing the Justice Department to just wave its arms in the air and grant itself new powers under the Fourth Amendment without the Senate even being a part of a single hearing, I think law abiding Americans are going to ask: So what were you people in the Senate thinking about? What are you thinking about when the FBI starts hacking the victims of a botnet attack or when a mass attack breaks their device or an entire hospital system, in effect, has great damage done, faces great damage, and possibly puts lives at risk?  My hope is that Congress would add protections for Americans surrounding the whole issue of government hacking. I have said again and again and again that the smart technology policy, the smart surveillance policy from the get-go is built around the idea that security and liberty are not mutually exclusive, that a smart policy will do both, but increasingly, policies coming out of here aren't doing a whole lot of either. In this case, I think the Senate is abdicating its obligations. Certainly, in the digital era, Americans do not throw their Fourth Amendment rights out the window because they use a device that connects to the Internet.  So I am going to close by way of saying that I think this debate about government hacking is far from over. My guess is that Senators are going to hear from their constituents about this policy sooner rather than later, and we will be back on the floor then, looking to do what should have been done prior to midnight tonight, which is to have hearings, to involve the public--not just Justices and maybe a few people who can figure out how to find that section of the Federal Register so they can weigh in.  Americans are going to continue to demand from all of us in the Senate policies that protect their security and their liberty. They are right to do so. That cause will be harmed if the Senate doesn't take steps between now and midnight.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  