President, I thank my friend from Idaho, and in wrapping this up I wish to convey what the bottom line really is here.  Senator Crapo and I do not want to be back on the floor of the U.S. Senate in the winter of 2017 once again talking about how something got stuck or somebody didn't agree with somebody on one small aspect of this, and as a result fire borrowing is still in place. What Senator Crapo and I are saying is we want to work with all sides. It is going to have to be bipartisan and it is going to have to be bicameral. Those are probably the most important words in this whole discussion. It is going to have to be bipartisan and it is going to have to be bicameral.  We have lots of committees involved. We have the Energy and Natural Resources Committee that I am on and the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, and the Budget Committee that both of us have been on. We have lots of committees in the Senate, and we have partners in the House who have also played a meaningful role.  I would like to think that Senator Crapo and I were able to move that bipartisan, bicameral process a fair way down the road at the end of last year, but what we are saying is: Let's now vow, as a body and working with our colleagues, to make sure we are not back here in the winter of 2017 after yet another horrendous fire season and once again saying: You know, this Forest Service practice is a textbook case of inefficiency, and we are explaining what fire borrowing is and how it does so much damage in the forest and to forest health.  This is about the betterment of rural resource-dependent communities, especially in the West and around the country. Senator Crapo and I have worked together on other past efforts, such as the secure rural schools legislation and the Healthy Forests Restoration Act. We were both involved in those efforts and they were, in fact, bipartisan and bicameral.  Tonight our hope is, as a result of this discussion and what we heard on the floor of the Senate last week, that in fact after more than 5 years of effort on this issue, that this time the Congress, on both sides of the Capitol, will come together and will work with the administration. They indicated support for what we were doing last year and will indicate support early on for efforts that are bipartisan and bicameral. The sooner we can get on with that, the better. That is why it is good news that the committees will be starting hearings and legislative consideration shortly, and we look forward to working with our colleagues.  I yield at this time.  