President, I am going to yield in just a moment to Senator Daines, but just so we are clear in terms of my response to the distinguished Senator from Texas, he has--as some have tried to do--sought to characterize this as kind of a routine kind of matter; that this was a rule of criminal procedure of no great import and without any far-reaching consideration. I can tell you that cyber security experts around the country have spoken out virtually unanimously about the consequences of the government accidentally breaking their computers without telling them.  I don't know of anything that is routine about this at all. Under this change, the government can search potentially millions of computers with one single warrant issued by one single judge. And, tragically, there is no difference, in terms of law enforcement access, between the victims of a hack and the perpetrators themselves. So we are talking about clobbering victims twice. First they get clobbered by a hacker and then they could get hurt by the government.  The distinguished Senator from Texas seeks to portray this as some kind of far-out kind of matter. Virtually all of the major technology companies in this country have written in opposition to this. Scores of cyber security experts have written in opposition. One of the key points they make is that you don't punish victims twice in America. You wouldn't punish the victims of a tax scam or a Ponzi scheme with a painful audit. That is what can happen here.  The idea that a change of this magnitude would be made without any debate, consideration--there has been no hearing on this matter. I know of no meetings. I would like to hear any Member of the Senate tell me about some meeting they went to. I know of no sessions where the public voice could be heard.  I am very hopeful, and I intend to come back to this floor again in an effort to make sure the public is at least brought into this. I can tell you that Senator Daines and I represent a lot of rural hospitals, for example. Well, certainly if you heard some of what we have been told could happen in terms of what it could mean to computer systems at hospitals and other kinds of facilities, they are going to ask their Senators: What did you do about that? Why did you just let that rule go through that would damage those systems that are a lifeline for Americans?  So we are going to be back. As I mentioned before, my colleague in the other body was starting to make a fair amount of progress. Jim Sensenbrenner, who is a very influential Member of the other body, has taken a great interest in this, as have a number of colleagues on both sides. So we will be back.  I am going to yield now. I know my colleague from Montana has been a wonderful partner in this effort, and he has some comments to make that will highlight once again the bipartisan concern about the magnitude of this change that would take place without any involvement, none, here in the Senate--no hearings, no debates, no discussions. This is a big change, and I hope we will discuss it.  I yield the floor.  