President, today Beverly Cleary, a storied and award-winning author, is going to be celebrating her 100th birthday. Throughout her 66-year career, Beverly Cleary has written more than 40 children's books, selling over 90 million copies by enchanting readers of all ages with the escapades of Ramona, Henry, Ralph S. Mouse, and so many wonderful characters. With enduring and relatable themes of adventure, adolescence, and friendship, Ms. Cleary's novels have withstood the test of time and have established their place in the pages of Oregon's cultural heritage.  Beverly Cleary was born on April 12, 1916, in McMinnville, OR. At an early age, she moved to Portland, where she developed a passion for Oregon that shines throughout the pages of her stories. For years, Beverly Cleary's characters have called Portland home, and for the countless children who grew up with her writing, Ms. Cleary's stories have been their haven. Her book series ``Ramona'' and ``Henry Huggins'' are both set in Portland and continue to serve as important threads throughout Oregon's literary fabric.  Ms. Cleary's impact on the State of Oregon and the city of Portland have not gone unnoticed. Her honors include a public K-8 school in Portland, the Beverly Cleary School, which some of my staff actually attended, and a public art installation at the Hollywood branch of the Multnomah County Library which features many of her books' neighborhood landmarks. Portland's Grant Park is home to a public sculpture garden with bronze statues of Ramona Quimby, Henry Huggins, and Ribsy.  It is Beverly Cleary's unbound passion and dedication to children's literature that have earned her numerous literary awards, including a National Book Award, a Newberry Medal, and a National Medal of Art. In 2000 the Library of Congress even named her a ``Living Legend.''  Just as original Beverly Cleary fans enjoyed reading about the lives and adventures of her characters, each new generation of young Beverly Cleary readers finds a similar connection with those same characters. Ms. Cleary's books have sparked the imagination of so many children across America, helping instill literary skills that last a lifetime.  When it comes to literacy, the importance of reading at an early age simply cannot be overstated. An early introduction to reading is one of the most significant factors influencing a child's success in school. It is linked to better speech and communication skills, improved logical thinking, and increased academic excellence. It is clear that young children who develop a love for reading have an upper hand both in the classroom and later in life.  Thanks to Ms. Cleary, generations of kids across the world can experience Oregon from a literary perspective. One would be hard-pressed to find another author who has made such a lasting impact on children's literature. So it is an enormous honor and a great personal pleasure for me to come to the Senate floor this afternoon to honor Beverly Cleary's contribution to literary history, to Oregon, and to children everywhere, and to wish her a very happy 100th birthday.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  