President, I believe the next vote will take place on the amendment offered by the senior Senator from Arizona that would allow for the issuance of what are called national security letters, or NSLs, which are administrative subpoenas, and there will be an additional provision on what is called lone wolf. I am going to direct most of my comments for colleagues on the national security letters because the lone wolf provision was reauthorized for another 4 years as part of the USA FREEDOM Act.  I want colleagues to understand that this tool, which certainly has been debated, while never used--it wouldn't have applied to the Orlando or San Bernardino cases--I want colleagues to understand that it is the law of the land today, and in the USA FREEDOM Act, it was extended for another 4 years.  What I would like to do, though, is focus my remarks on the amendment from the senior Senator from Arizona as it relates to national security letters. In effect, what the senior Senator from Arizona is seeking to do is add back a provision that the administration of George W. Bush--not exactly an administration people would accuse of being soft on terror--the senior Senator from Arizona is seeking to add back this provision that was rejected by the administration of George W. Bush.  Here is how the amendment offered by the senior Senator from Arizona would work. Under his amendment, which we will vote on tomorrow, national security letters, which are called NSLs, could be issued by any FBI field office to demand records from a company without going to a judge or without any other oversight whatsoever. So let's repeat that because what colleagues have wanted to know is exactly what this would cover. The McCain amendment would allow for the government to demand email records, text message logs, Web browsing history, and certain types of other location information without any court oversight whatsoever.  As I have indicated, this had been on the books for a number of years, and the administration of George W. Bush said it was unnecessary--in effect, that it was unnecessarily intrusive.  In addition, since the Bush administration acted, I want to make mention of the fact that in the USA FREEDOM Act, the Congress adopted something I have been working on for a number of years--since really 2013--to, in effect, give the government additional authority in the case of emergencies.  In other words, I have always felt the Fourth Amendment and the warrant process was something that was veryspecial in our country, but we live, of course, in a very dangerous time. We are all concerned about the security and the safety and the well-being of the people we represent. So I said, in section 102 of the FREEDOM Act, let's make sure the FBI has all the authorities necessary to protect the American people in the instance of an emergency. So the USA FREEDOM Act gave the FBI the authority to demand all the records they deemed necessary and then, in effect, after the fact--after the fact--come back and settle up with the court. So unless you are opposed to court oversight after the fact, unless you are opposed to court oversight altogether, there is no reason to support the amendment offered by the senior Senator from Arizona.  A number of colleagues have also asked about the history of these national security letters. There is a long history of abuse and misuse, a long and very undistinguished record of abusive practices.  The Justice Department inspector general has issued four separate reports over the past few years--four separate reports--documenting a number of serious problems. The inspector general found that data collected pursuant to the national security letters was stored indefinitely and used to gain access to private information in cases that weren't relevant to an FBI investigation, and the national security letters were used to collect tens of thousands of records at a time.  Some have also made mention of the fact that a company that gets one of these national security letters could challenge it in court. That is technically right. Big companies that have the resources can challenge them. The small companies invariably say they can't afford to do that. So, again, no oversight. No oversight--particularly striking given the fact that, as I have noted, in the FREEDOM Act--something I felt very strongly about--we gave the government additional authority in the instance of emergencies.  So we have now, by virtue of the amendment we will vote on tomorrow from my friend and colleague--we certainly have agreed on plenty of issues over the years. This is one where we see it differently. You have something the Bush administration rejected. The administration of George W. Bush--hardly one that we would say is sympathetic to the idea of weakening the government's stance against terror--they thought this was a mistake. They thought the amendment that there will be an effort to add back in was a mistake, and it was taken out. This would not have beefed up the fight against what happened in San Bernardino and Orlando.  The FBI says it would help them with paperwork. I am not going to quibble with that. I have great respect for the FBI. But we are going to abandon court oversight in an area where the inspector general has documented abuses because it is convenient?  Colleagues, I will close with this: It is a dangerous time. If you sit on the Intelligence Committee, as I have for a number of years, you know that is not in question. The American people want policies that promote their security and their liberty. That is what we are aiming for. What is being advanced in this amendment is an idea that really doesn't do either. It doesn't advance the security and well-being of the American people, and it certainly erodes their liberties.  So I hope tomorrow, when we have the vote on this amendment, that colleagues will look at the history. It was rejected by the Bush administration. Now we have emergency authority, I say to my colleagues, for the government to get information when it needs it. After the fact, the government can come back and settle up.  I think this amendment is a very substantial mistake. There has been a long history documented by the inspector general of abuses with these national security letters. I urge my colleagues tomorrow to oppose this amendment.  I yield the floor.  