I am sure the same is true in Indiana as it is in Kansas. More people have lost their insurance after they have signed up.  We understand that we have a lot left to do with health care reform, and I would say that almost every Senator has a 5-point plan on what they would like to do, and it is certainly more market oriented.  I will tell you what also isn't working, as opposed to the rollout, is the advertising for this. Some of it is unbelievable. Thank goodness the media is now watching and paying attention to this issue. There is a rap group that is on television that said it is cool to sign up for ObamaCare. Why on Earth are the taxpayers paying for that when every day Secretary Sebelius is changing the game, along with the President?  The President changed this plan about 17 times. Maybe that is a low number now, but if that's what he wants he should come back to the Congress for that. I think a lot of these changes are unconstitutional. At least he should come back to the Congress, which gets me back to my friend's basic point.  What would have happened if we had gone ahead with regular order and sworn in Scott Brown as the new Senator from Massachusetts and then it would not have been on a one-vote margin with regard to ObamaCare, or the Affordable Care Act, or whatever it was called back then, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The acronym for that, by the way, is PPACA, which I think pretty well sums it up.  At any rate, had that happened, they would have had to have some kind of bipartisan agreement, which is really what we are talking about when we talk about breaking the rules now. They didn't have to do that because they would not swear in Scott, and so there we were on Christmas Eve.  None of us knew what was in the bill because it was in Harry Reid's office. As a member of the HELP Committee, I was privileged to consider this bill. We worked hard. I had three amendments on rationing--I am still worried about rationing. There are four rationers that I will not get into now.  IPAB is the No. 1 issue I am worried about. They decide the reimbursements that your hospitals in Indiana will get, and that my hospitals will get, and that is why we are trying to do the SGR reform and the Doc Fix.  We were in the HELP Committee, and we had three amendments, and all three were defeated by a party-line vote. That mark--I don't know where that bill is now--I think it is collecting dust. Then my amendments were considered by the Finance Committee. Then I wanted to offer the amendments on the floor.  I did this because we are going to have a lot of problems with the rationing boards making decisions as opposed to individual patients and their doctors--if they can even have their doctor, period.  So we get back, again, to regular order. We get back to respecting the minority's rights. We get back to protecting minority rights. Had we had those amendments, I think this bill possibly could have been worked out. I now believe that this bill was proposed by those who really prefer national health insurance, and this was a stalking horse for national health insurance. I don't think anybody on that side of the aisle realized that this bill would be like Thelma and Louise going off into the canyon, but that is what happened. So now we have this mess on our hands and every day we learn about something new.  The Secretary came out with something yesterday with additional changes. It doesn't really mean anything because she is just simply urging the insurance companies to go back and talk to those folks the Senator from Indiana was talking about--about the plan they would like to have or the plan they would like to keep. She is just saying to the insurance companies: We urge you to do that.  What is that all about? The toothpaste is out of the tube. I don't know how on Earth you can get that done. There were other suggestions. I am getting off subject here because my friend started out talking about the rights of the minority, and the health reform bill didn't pass with any Republican votes and very little Republican input. I think, in part, that is why it has crashed and is burning right now.  If we had just had regular order input during that particular time, I think there would have been a better product. I probably still would have voted no because I don't want national health insurance. I feel a lot better that I expressed my rant to my friend from Indiana, and it has been a better morning as a result.  I think anybody listening to us could finally understand the depth of our frustration. We want to be a part of this Senate and we have a right to be a part of this Senate, but that right and privilege everybody had for 225 years has now been taken away.  It will be interesting when, in fact, the pendulum does swing back and Republicans are in control. What will we do? Will we go back to the 225-year precedent or will we say: Well, what is good for the goose is good for the gander? Will we seek a pound of flesh or two? I don't know what we will do. I hope that we will go back to the 225-year precedent. It would be the right thing to do, but it will be interesting to see.  I thank the Senator from Indiana for allowing me to share his time.  