President, Senator Cruz is now on the floor, and he will be speaking right after me.  I thank Senator Cruz for his efforts to keep the focus on the Benghazi terrorist attacks.  It seems to me to be a great shame that 1 year after the heinous attacks on our consulate in Benghazi and four Americans being murdered and--this is tremendously important--shaking the confidence of our men and women deployed in service to this Nation that the United States would never leave one of their own behind--I was told that when I joined the Marine Corps a long time ago--it is a great shame that we are still in the same place.  Justice has yet to be seen or done. The families of those killed at the consulate in Benghazi are waiting for answers about what happened that night, and they simply want to know that this President and this administration are working to seek justice for what actually happened. Yet it appears that what is happening is that the administration is doing everything but seek justice. Quite frankly, I think Americans--and I share their concern and frustration and anger--are sick and tired of hearing excuses, delays, and even silence. The President and his administration have stonewalled us on this case, in my personal view.  This should have been called a terrorist attack a long time ago. The Intelligence Committee should be handling this, but that is not the case. Today the FBI continues to seek tips from Libyans. The FBI has even posted an entire page on their Web site dedicated to finding suspects. There are photos of 29 suspects on that page. Twenty-nine. No arrests have been made. CNN and The New York Times have even had access to one of the chief suspects, Ahmed Abu Khattala, to interview him while he mocks the U.S. investigation. This is unbelievable.  The administration refuses to answer simple questions:  Who told the military to stand down?  Who is responsible for misleading the American public and the victims' families?  What actionable intelligence did our government have?  I know that there was actionable intelligence. People asked for that security. Why was it ignored? This is why we need a joint select committee.  At the very least, this deserves a vote. So I urge my colleagues, please drop your hold. Let us at least have a vote. If you want to defeat it, defeat it. But at least allow the Senator from Texas to have an opportunity to debate this bill.  I thank Senator Cruz for introducing this legislation. I believe this should be a top priority for our government.  I yield back any remaining time I have to the distinguished Senator.  