President, I rise today in advocacy for each of my colleagues to come to the floor this afternoon and vote in support of Senate Resolution 65. This vital resolution makes a clear statement to Iran--both to the current regime and to Iranian citizens who wish for real and true change from the status quo--that the United States will not tolerate its development of a nuclear weapon. Additionally, Senate Resolution 65 expresses the United States' unconditional support for Israel's right to self-defense against the threat of a nuclear Iran.  These vital statements come at a time when change could happen with Iran's elections next month. But unfortunately, there is little reason to believe things will change. According to the State Department, Iran remains the most active state sponsor of terrorism. This is a statistic that must be addressed. Iran's continual material and financial support to Hezbollah and Hamas, expanding involvement in Syria, and serial deception of its nuclear program are unlikely to be different a month from now; a year from now; perhaps, a decade from now. Especially as Iran continues to reject the United Nation's International Atomic Energy Agency's, IAEA, regulatory authority and oversight, the United States must reiterate the plain and simple fact that a nuclear Iran is unacceptable.  When looking at the bigger picture, the recent terrorist attacks and killings in Boston and Benghazi remind all Americans that our war on terrorism continues. Even as troop numbers dwindle in Afghanistan, this fight and its core focus are far from over. We must continue to combat the terrorist threat around the world and strengthen our allied relationships as this fight continues. Iran's funneling of weapons and aid to terrorist cells increases their threat beyond the neighborhood. Iran is not only a threat to Israel but to the United States as well. Senate Resolution 65 reminds us of this fact and of the long and important strategic relationship our nations have shared, one which has been built of mutual trust and strengthened through security cooperation.  I strongly support the United States' determination to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. I strongly support this resolution as it makes our determination unequivocal. All options are on the table.  To avoid our option of last resort, armed conflict, it is important that this Congress continue to push for full implementation of sanctions against the current regime in Iran to cripple their ability to acquire a nuclear weapon. I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in advocating for this--not only this administration, but for the European Union and democracies around the world to strengthen their sanctions on this rogue regime, as Iran's beliefs, rhetoric, and actions threaten every nation who calls for democracy and freedom.  Of greatest importance, this resolution makes it crystal clear that the United States stands firmly behind Israel and her right to self-defense by pledging full support should Israel take military action against the threat of Iran's nuclear program. This is not an authorization for use of military force or a declaration of war. However, it sends the right message to Iran and the rest of the world. The United States stands strong behind our allies. Even in this time of necessary financial restraint, the United States will never leave an ally to fight alone.  