We both came to the House at the same time. We were sorry to lose the Senator to the Senate.  I truly appreciate what the Senator has said. It reflects conversations we both have had to try to educate, to get to know or understand a little better what our colleagues across the aisle are doing and why this is taking place and describe what our frustrations are. But the Senator has summarized them very well.  I urge my colleagues across the aisle to take the Senator's suggestions--and plea on behalf of us all--to heart and would encourage everybody who has nothing else to do around here to read the Congressional Record and the Senator's remarks and take them to heart.  I remember so well, when I came to the Senate in 1996--and the Senator was here--I had an amendment I wanted to offer. Being a Member of the House for 16 years, what we had to do in the House was to check with the chairman. We served in the minority and then the revolution came in 1994 and things changed. But then, we had to go to the Rules Committee, which the Senator has pointed out was a very unique experience. I remember then what I had to do to get anything done in the House is I basically had to find a Democratic colleague--a friend who was serving in the majority--to cosponsor the bill which I had, put his name first, and then go to the Rules Committee to make it in order so that my bill and his bill could work. My partner in this effort was Congressman Charlie Stenholm.  When I first went to the Rules Committee in the House, I had not been to the Rules Committee and I thought the debate would be about germaneness or whether this bill should be considered or was it timely, et cetera. I find out it was just a debate all over again on the merits of the bill. On a partisan, party-line vote, they would deny any Republican amendments.  So Stenholm was a partner in that effort with that bill. I can't even remember which one it was at this particular time, but it was my first big attempt and it was on the farm bill. We had mutual concerns and we thought it was a good amendment. It was the Roberts-Stenholm bill. It didn't take me very long to figure out that the Roberts-Stenholm bill was going nowhere. So Charlie leaned over and said: It might be a good idea if this was the Stenholm-Roberts bill or maybe just the Stenholm bill, and I said: I think you have got a pretty good idea.  So for a while it became the Stenholm bill, and it was made in order. Then, on the floor, Charlie Stenholm, being the kind Member he was, all of a sudden it became the Roberts-Stenholm bill again and it passed and, voila, my first amendment on the floor of the House.  So I had another amendment, this time in the Senate--and I know the Senator remembers well, because we were standing right about down here and I was asking him--I had checked with the ranking member and the chairman. At that time we were in control and we had the majority. I had a very simple amendment. I will not go into it, but it was referred to the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee. I was checking around with the ranking member and whomever, and they looked a little surprised that I was even checking with them.  The chairman of the committee, a Republican chairman, indicated: I would just as soon you wouldn't do that because we have a completed bill. We'll put it through the committee. I think your amendment has merit.  I knew I had bipartisan support for it and I knew it was a very easy amendment that would pass. But he told me: Just wait. We will take that up sometime down the road.  ``Down the road'' in the Senate means way down the road. So I was sort of grumpy, and you asked me what was wrong. I said: The chairman doesn't like it. You said: Listen. This is the Senate. You can offer any amendment at any time whether it is germane or not. This is the Senate. You have rights.  I knew that. I had gone to the Robert C. Byrd lecture as a new Member. He lectured me on minority rights and how we should conduct ourselves. He was the institutional flame of the Senate.  Then Senator Coats urged me to offer the amendment. I should have done it, but I thought: All right. I will wait. I will defer to the chairman's advice. I have often regretted that. Later--I am talking about 2 or 3 years later--the same subject came up. I happened to be on the floor, and Senator Ted Kennedy was in charge. They had taken back control. He knew about the amendment. He said: Would you like to get your amendment passed? He was standing on the floor and there was hardly anybody else here and, bingo, using the parliamentary procedure that you could do in the majority, my amendment was passed. It was not the Kennedy-Roberts bill, by the way. It was still the Roberts bill that was authorized. We didn't get too much money for it, but at least we made the effort.  I have gone into a long personal history just to demonstrate exactly how this works.  Now we have a farm bill that has been hung up for over 2 years. We have a farm bill that the principals are meeting on in secret. There are 37 of us who are also on the conference wondering where on Earth is the farm bill. The House has just passed by unanimous consent an extension of the current farm bill as we did last year.  Last year, we passed a farm bill. Last year, the majority leader in a discussion with me said: If you can get it done in 3 days, I will let it happen. Note, ``I will let it happen.'' Chairperson Stabenow certainly was working extremely hard on her side, I was working on my side, we were going to the steering committee and said: I think we can get regular order. I think you can get your amendments up. Nobody believed me.  We had 73 amendments. We did it in 2\1/2\ days. Once that tipping point hits and people start withdrawing amendments, you get your work done. But the minority had every opportunity to offer amendments.  So one year ago, considering the farm bill, the first amendment was by Senator Rand Paul considering the Pakistani who helped us with regard to the Osama bin Laden raid. He was in prison, and so Senator Paul thought it would be a good idea to hold the aid to Pakistan until they released the prisoner.  What did that have to do with the farm bill? Nothing. It was the first amendment considered. It didn't pass, by the way. But many other amendments that came from folks who had never had the opportunity for an amendment to be brought up and discussed, well, those amendments were discussed in the farm bill. I would say that probably, of the 73 amendments that were considered, there were 300 offered. People would get up and they would have their say. They discussed the amendment. They knew probably it would not pass, and they would withdraw it. But they at least had an opportunity to present their opinion and represent their States and their constituents and we made sure they had that opportunity.  This year's farm bill wasn't 73 amendments. We only voted about 10 times. Senator Thune, a respected Member of the Agriculture Committee; Senator Johanns, former Secretary of Agriculture, Senator Grassley, and myself, we all together had a total of about 12 amendments. We withdrew those from consideration during the committee markup and said we will take them up on the floor--except, on the floor, the majority leader cut debate off, saying: Time out. No more. So none of us got those amendments.  As the former chairman of the Agriculture Committee in the House and the ranking member last year, I have to wonder, what is that all about? You have a farm bill, you have people on the Agriculture Committee, they have pertinent amendments with regard to the direction of the bill--and, bingo, you are cut short. That causes a lot of frustration, to say the least.  I have gotten into the weeds on this simply because of our friendship and the Senator's advice to me, which I treasure. But the Senator's willingness to come and speak from the heart to demonstrate to our colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Think about this. Think about why we are doing this. Why we are doing this is because if you break the rules--which they have--to change the rules, it can't be upheld. More especially on nominations, what is happening is we are packing the District Court in Washington, which is the appeals court--probably more important than the Supreme Court in deciding on all the regulatory matters that come up; i.e., the President's Executive orders, the President's waivers, the President's interim final rules or any agencies interim final rules--we have government by regulation today. We do not have government by legislation today. We have government by regulation and this court becomes the Senate.  We had an even number of judges, and now we are going to have three more. Consequently, the President--who says he can't work with the Republicans but in fact it is he who will not work with Republicans--is going to have his way because this is going to be jammed down our throats.  When the Senator goes back to Indiana and when I go back to Kansas, one of the top issues we hear about from any economic sector of our economy is: What on Earth is going on with all these regulations? Somebody holds up a piece of paper and says: Pat, are you aware of this regulation? No, I am not, but I will check on it. What is our ability to deal with that? Almost nothing.  So we have government by overregulation.  That is what this is about. The agenda by the President to add more regulation to get his agenda done is being challenged and going through the courts as opposed to the Senate of the United States. That is why we are faced here with this situation. That is why I was here from 8 to 9 talking about Iran. The Senator is talking about the issue at hand, and I truly appreciate it.  I thank the Senator for coming to the floor. I thank the Senator for making these comments. I just wish people would understand why we are feeling this frustration and have a more accurate reflection of what is going on here. I know that is not reflected much in the media. I understand that, but that is simply the case.  