 President, as we move towards conference on the fiscal year 2007 Defense appropriations and authorization bills, it has come to my attention that the authorizers and appropriators may be receiving differing information regarding the necessity for funding in fiscal year 2007. I have a letter from the Air Force's Deputy for Budget dated August 2, 2006, stating that the Air Force needs a minimum of $70 million in research, development, test & evaluation funds for fiscal year 2007 in addition to the funds remaining in the tanker transfer fund. I want to make certain that both the Armed Services Committee and Defense Subcommittee on Appropriations are receiving identical funding information from the Air Force. To that end, I am committed to working with my colleagues to ensure that we are all receiving the same information and have the same understanding of the needs for this program to move forward.  Further, Mr. President, while I understand that the subcommittee's recommendation to reduce funding was based upon their belief that there are sufficient funds remaining in fiscal year 2005 and 2006 to support systems development and demonstration, the Air Force has stated that they would need at least $70 million in fiscal year 2007 to move forward and award a contract in 2007. I greatly appreciate Chairman Stevens' assistance with this program and look forward to continuing to work with him to replace our aging tanker fleet.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I whole-heartedly agree with my colleague from Alabama that it is essential that we all have the same understanding of the requirements for this program. In March 2006, the Air Force indicated that, among other things, tanker replacement monies in fiscal year 2007 would be ``early to need.'' Thus, by the Air Force's own estimate, there is no need for additional funds for fiscal year 2007. I do support the Department of Defense's interest in recapitalizing its fleet of aging tankers. However, we need to ensure that the Air Force is committed to full and open competition on the program. To protect taxpayers' interests and national security, the Air Force must exercise a competition that is straightforward and traditional. In particular, the Air Force should rigorously follow an acquisition process based on established legal and regulatory guidelines, specifically setting aside any factors from its procurement evaluation that may improperly eliminate competition before bids are actually submitted. Our Armed Forces need the best tanker solution possible, and that means that any source with a reliable, high quality product that can provide aerial refueling services in a timely and cost-effective fashion, should be considered.  