 President, while S. 2611, the immigration bill, contains important titles addressing border security and worksite enforcement, the bill, as everyone knows, also contains titles relating to amnesty for illegal aliens and the creation of a massive new guest worker program which will undermine true immigration reform, in my opinion.  The most problematic provisions of S. 2611 are as follows:  One, I want you to know I opposed amnesty 20 years ago. It did not work then, and I do not believe it will work now.  Two, our first priority should be to secure our borders. Any discussion of amnesty takes away from that priority, in my judgment.  Three, supporters of these amnesty provisions say it is not amnesty but what they call ``earned legalization.'' I am not here to argue about semantics or labels. Whether you call it: ``amnesty,'' ``status adjustment'' or ``guest worker,'' the result is that individuals who came here illegally will now be considered legal workers and on their way toward citizenship. That is the bottom line.  Four, under the so-called compromise that is working here, those who have broken the law the longest are treated the best.  Five, those who can prove they have been here 2 to 5 years still do not have to leave the country and are, hence, still treated better than those waiting to enter legally.  Six, the bill has minimal requirements on proving that an illegal alien has worked or will work in the future. What few provisions there are seem very vulnerable to fraud.  Seven, this bill mandates that illegal workers are paid a higher wage than many American workers in the same position with the same qualifications.  Eight, the supporters of this bill claim that back taxes will be paid for past labor. But a close reading of the bill shows that these back taxes will only be paid, if at all, 8 years down the road when applying for a green card, not as a requirement to receive the H-2C visa.  Nine, this bill drastically increases the number of employment-based green cards issued annually. What will happen to the American worker when unemployment goes up and so many foreign workers, who are willing to work for less, have been given citizenship?  Ten, today, before the implementation of any reforms, the ability of our immigration officials to process applicants who are following the law is severely taxed. This bill will surely have a negative impact on those foreign workers who have followed the rules and are waiting patiently in their home country to legally come to this country.  Eleven, while others say comprehensive immigration reform must include these amnesty provisions, I feel strongly they will only serve to encourage further illegal immigration in the years to come.  And my 12th reason, the bottom line is, this bill, in my judgment, rewards past lawbreaking and encourages future lawbreaking. I am willing to bet that if this bill is enacted, we will only revisit this problem 20 years--perhaps before 20 years--down the road. Only then, we might be talking about 20 million to 30 million illegal immigrants.  Those are some of the reasons--and there are many others--why I will vote ``no'' on the final passage of this legislation.  