 President, I rise today to offer the amendment that has just been referenced on behalf of myself and Senator Sarbanes to the Port Security Improvement Act of 2006. This amendment is virtually identical to the Public Transportation Terrorism Prevention Act that the Banking Committee unanimously reported in November of 2005. In fact, the Senate passed an almost identical bill in the 108th Congress. I am hopeful that as we consider port security today, we can include this critically important legislation designed to help address the security vulnerabilities of our Nation's public transportation system.  The national dialog has appropriately been focused on aviation post-9/11, and this week port security is at the top of this agenda here in the Senate. In addition to these key areas, I believe it is imperative that we make transit security a priority, too. We know full well from the occurrences in Great Britain, India, and Spain that our buses, our subways, and rail systems across the country are attractive targets for terrorist attacks. The Public Transportation Terrorism Act before us now is an appropriate first step to address widespread needs, and it paves the way toward making transit safer for the traveling public.  The language in this amendment was carefully crafted and is a result of several hearings on this topic, review of two comprehensive studies by the American Public Transportation Association and the Government Accountability Office, and negotiations with key industry leaders. This amendment authorizes $3.5 billion in capital investment grants, operation security assistance, and research. While this is short of the $6 billion worth of needs identified by the industry, it is an important and necessary first step.  I thank those who have worked hard over the course of several years to produce a sound piece of legislation that will result in safer public transportation systems, particularly my colleague on the Banking Committee and former chairman, Senator Sarbanes, as well as the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Housing and Transportation, Senators Allard and Jack Reed. I also thank Chairman Stevens and Senator Inouye with the Commerce Committee for their steadfast support in this effort. In addition, I thank Chairman Collins and Senator Lieberman with the Homeland Security Committee.  I ask unanimous consent that Senators Allard, Bennett, Schumer, and Boxer be added as cosponsors of this amendment.  