 President, Senator McConnell has made a very important call to restore the Senate asthe great deliberative body it was intended to be. I would like to continue to add my voice to that call. In fact, I am going to expand on some observations I made previously before the Senate, I believe in the month of December last year.  The Senate is a unique body designed with a very unique purpose in mind. In the Federalist Paper 62, attributed to the father of the Constitution James Madison, the unique role of the Senate is explained this way:       The necessity of a Senate is not less indicated by the      propensity of all single and numerous assemblies to yield to      the impulse of sudden and violent passions, and to be seduced      by factious leaders into intemperate and pernicious      resolutions.  When Madison talks about ``factious leaders'' and ``intemperate and pernicious resolutions,'' he basically means what we call partisanship and the ``my way or the highway'' approach to legislating all too common these days.  What might come as a shock to anyone who has followed the Senate lately is the fact that the Senate was specifically designed to check partisan passions and ensure that Americans of all stripes are fairly represented through a deliberative process. Clearly, the Senate is not fulfilling the role the Framers of the Constitution intended, in recent years.  To find out what went wrong, we first have to examine how the Senate was supposed to function. About this propensity of legislatures to be dominated by factious leaders acting intemperately, Madison goes on to say:       Examples on this subject might be cited without number; and      from proceedings within the United States, as well as from      history of other nations.  Note that in advocating for the creation of a Senate to counter this negative tendency, Madison references examples from proceedings within the United States. Many State legislatures in the early days of our Republic were unicameral, with frequent elections and weak executives. This led to many instances where a temporary majority faction would gain control and quickly pass legislation that advantaged the majority at the expense of the minority.  The Senate has been called the greatest deliberative body in the world because it was specifically designed to proceed at a measured pace and to guarantee that the rights of the minority party be protected.  James Madison wrote in Federalist Paper No. 10:       Complaints are everywhere heard from our most considerate      and virtuous citizens, equally the friends of public and      private faith, and of public and personal liberty, that our      governments are too unstable, that the public good is      disregarded in the conflicts of rival parties, and that      measures are too often decided, not according to the rules of      justice and the rights of the minority party, but by the      superior force of an interested and overbearing majority.  What is unique about the Senate is that the rules and traditions force Senators to work together to prevent Madison's ``overbearing majority'' from steamrolling the minority party. Because the rules of the Senate are built around consensus, as opposed to the House of Representatives where the majority party dominates, it forces Senators of all parties to listen to each other and to work together. While that was true most of my time in the Senate, it has changed in recent years. If anyone wonders why the tone in Washington has become so heated recently, the loss of the Senate as a deliberative body is certainly a big factor.  There is an apocryphal story which may or may not be historically accurate but which certainly depicts how the Senate was intended to function. The story goes that when Jefferson returned from France, where he was serving during the Constitutional Convention, he asked George Washington why the Senate had been created. Washington supposedly replied by asking Jefferson, ``Why did you pour that tea into your saucer?''  ``To cool it,'' Jefferson said.  Washington responded, ``Even so, we pour legislation into the senatorial saucer to cool it.''  In the House of Representatives, the Rules Committee sets out the terms of debate for each bill. If you want to offer an amendment in the House, you have to go hat in hand to the Rules Committee and ask their permission. If the House leadership doesn't like your amendment, you are out of luck.  By contrast, the Senate has a tradition of allowing extensive debate and amendments by any Senator without prior approval from anybody. However, that tradition has gone out the window under the current majority leadership. We have seen an unprecedented abuse of cloture motions to cut off the deliberative process paired with a tactic called filling the tree--blocking amendments from being considered. The Senate majority leader has effectively become a one-man version of the House Rules Committee, dictating which amendments will be debated and which ones will never see the light of day. He has done so again on the unemployment bill currently before this Senate. In fact, he has been quite unashamed about saying he is not going to allow any amendments. This strips the ability of individual Senators to effectively represent their State, regardless of political party. Blocking amendments also virtually guarantees that any legislation the Senate votes on will be more partisan in nature, violating the very purpose of the Senate according to James Madison.  By empowering the majority leader at the expense of individual Senators, the people of the 50 States lose their voice in the Senate and party leaders get their way instead. The people of Iowa sent me to the Senate to represent them, not to simply vote up or down on a purely partisan agenda dictated by the majority leader.  Everyone complains about the lack of bipartisanship these days, but there is no opportunity for individual Senators to work together across the aisle when legislation is drafted on a partisan basis and amendments are blocked.  Bipartisanship requires giving individual Senators a voice, regardless of party. That is the only way to get things done in the Senate. In the last decade, when I was chairman of the Finance Committee and Republicans controlled the Senate, we wanted to actually get things done. In order for that to happen, we knew we had to accommodate the minority, we had to have patience and humility and respect for that minority--attributes that do not exist on the other side anymore. We had some major bipartisan accomplishments, from the largest tax cut in history to the Medicare prescription drug program, to numerous trade agreements. Those kinds of major bills do not seem to happen anymore.  The Senate rules provide that any Senator may offer an amendment regardless of party affiliation. Each Senator represents hundreds of thousands to, in the case of California, 36 million Americans, and each has an individual right to offer amendments for consideration. The principle here is not about political parties having their say but duly elected Senators participating in the legislative process.  Again, as part of our duty to represent the citizens of our respective States, each Senator has an individual right to offer amendments. This right cannot be outsourced to party leaders. The longstanding tradition of the Senate is that Members of the minority party as well as rank-and-file Members of the majority party have an opportunity to offer amendments and get votes in the Senate.  The now-routine practice of filling the tree to block amendments has been a major factor in the destruction of the Senate as a deliberative body. This is usually combined with filing cloture to cut off further consideration of a bill, which has occurred to a truly unprecedented extent. In a deliberative body, debates and amendments are essential, so cloture should be rare. Abuse of cloture strikes to the very heart of how the Senate is intended to work.  It is important to note the majority leader has tried to pass off the cloture motions he has filed, which are attempts by the majority party to silence the minority party, as nothing but Republican filibusters. There seems to have been a concerted attempt to confuse cloture motions with filibusters. But the Washington Post fact checker has caught the majority leader in this distortion, giving his claim of unprecedented Republican filibusters two Pinocchios. In fact, a report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service called ``Cloture Attempts on Nominations: Data and Historical Development,'' written by Richard S.Beth, contains an entire section entitled ``Cloture Motions Do Not Correspond With Filibusters.''  The abuse of cloture, often combined with the blocking of amendments, prevents all Senators from doing what they were sent to do--not just Members of the minority party. It has even gotten worse. Even where the majority leader has decided he is going to be open to amendments, he has created out of whole cloth new restrictions to limit Senators' rights.  First, he normally only opens the amendment process if there is an agreement to limit amendments. This is usually only a handful or so of amendments. Then he has magically determined that only germane or relevant amendments can be considered. Of course, nowhere do the Senate rules require amendments to be germane, other than postcloture. Senators elected in the last few years appear to be ignorant of that fact. We will hear some of my colleagues argue against an amendment saying it is nongermane or nonrelevant. They have fallen totally for the majority leader's creative rulemaking, thus giving up one of their rights as a Senator with which to represent their State.  I cannot count how many nongermane or nonrelevant amendments I had to allow votes on when I processed bills when Republicans were in charge. They were usually tough political votes. But we took them because we wanted to get things done and that is the way the Senate operated. You do not see that nowadays. The current majority avoids tough votes at all costs. If you wonder why things do not get done around here in the Senate, that is one of the reasons they do not get done.  The American people sent us to get the work done and to represent our constituents and that means voting, not avoiding tough votes. We sometimes hear this is a question of majority rule versus minority obstruction. Again, that ignores that each Senator is elected to represent their State, not simply to be an agent of one of the political parties. There are policies that have majority support in the Senate that have been denied a vote. Understand, we have been denied votes on amendments that even a majority of this Senate supports.  What happened during debate on a budget resolution proves my point. The special rules of the budget resolution limit debate so it cannot be filibustered, but it also allows for an unlimited number of amendments. A Republican amendment to the Senate Budget Committee in support of repealing the tax on lifesaving medical devices in President Obama's health care law passed by an overwhelming 79-to-20 vote, with more than half of the Democrats voting with the Republicans rather than their party leader.  We also had a Republican amendment in support of the approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline to bring oil from Canada, and that passed 62 to 37. Votes such as these that split the Democrats and hand a win to Republicans are exactly what the majority leader has been trying to avoid by blocking those very same amendments on legislation. Of course, that is probably the explanation of why we did not take up a budget resolution for more than 3 years prior to this year.  Until we put an end to the abuse of cloture and the blocking of amendments, the Senate cannot function as James Madison and the Framers of the Constitution intended. We must bring back the Senate as a deliberative body. Our politics today desperately need the cooling saucer of the Senate, as George Washington described the Senate to Jefferson. The action by the majority leader to make it easier to consider nominations on a purely partisan basis went in the wrong direction. In the face of bipartisan opposition and with no Republican votes, the so-called nuclear option established a precedent, effectively overruling the rules on the books. A better move would be for the Senate to establish the precedent that filling the tree and abusing cloture to block a full amendment process is illegitimate.  It is time to restore the Senate so it can fulfill its constitutional role. Senator McConnell has made a thoughtful and well-reasoned appeal. I hope my colleagues will listen for the sake of this institution, for the good of the country as a whole, and out of respect for the Framers of the Constitution who set up the Senate as a unique deliberative body.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  