 President, 25 years ago today the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 was signed into law. To mark that anniversary, I come to the floor to discuss some of the history that led to that legislation, the lessons learned over the past 25 years, and the work that still needs to be done to protect whistleblowers.  I emphasize that last part because there still needs to be a lot of work done to protect whistleblowers. The Whistleblower Protection Act was the result of years of effort to protect Federal employees from retaliation. Eleven years before it became law in 1989, Congress tried to protect whistleblowers as part of the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978.  I was then in the House of Representatives. There I met a person named Ernie Fitzgerald, who had blown the whistle on the Lockheed C-5 aircraft program going $2.3 billion over budget. Ernie was fired by the Air Force for doing that, and as he used to say: He was fired for the act of ``committing truth.''  When the Nixon tapes became public after Watergate, they revealed President Nixon personally telling his Chief of Staff to get rid of that SOB. That is how a famous whistleblower who pointed out the waste of $2.3 billion was treated.  The Civil Service Commission did not reinstate Ernie until 12 years later. In the meantime, he was instrumental in helping get the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 passed. Yet it soon became very clear that law did not do enough to protect whistleblowers. In the early 1980s, the percentage of employees who did not report government wrongdoing due to fear of retaliation nearly doubled.  Some whistleblowers still had the courage to come forward. In the spring of 1983, I became aware of a document in the Defense Department known as the Spinney report. The report exposed the unrealistic assumptions being used by the Pentagon in its defense budgeting. Those unrealistic assumptions were the basis for add-ons later on so defense contractors could bid up the cost. It was written by Chuck Spinney, a civilian analyst in the Defense Department's Program Evaluation Office.  I asked to meet with Chuck Spinney but was stonewalled by the Pentagon. When I threatened a subpoena, we finally got them to agree to a Friday afternoon hearing in March 1983. The Pentagon hoped the hearing would get buried in the end-of-the-week news cycle. Instead, on Monday morning the newsstands featured a painting of Chuck Spinney on the front cover of Time magazine.  It labeled him as ``a Pentagon Maverick.'' I called him what he ought to be called, the ``conscience of the Pentagon.'' The country owes a debt of gratitude to people such as Ernie Fitzgerald and Chuck Spinney. It takes real guts to put your career on the line, to expose waste and fraud, and to put the taxpayers ahead of Washington bureaucrats.  In the mid-1980s, we dusted off an old Civil War-era measure known as the False Claims Act, as a way to encourage whistleblowers to come forward and report fraud. We amended that Civil War law in 1986 to create the modern False Claims Act, which has resulted in over $40 billion in taxpayers' money being recovered for the Federal Treasury. We made sure when we passed it that it contained very strong whistleblower protections. Those provisions helped to build up support for whistleblowing.  People such as Chuck Spinney and Ernie Fitzgerald helped capture the public imagination and showed what whistleblowers could accomplish.  However, that didn't mean the executive branch stopped trying to silence whistleblowers. For example, in the spring of 1987 the Department of Defense asked Ernie to sign a nondisclosure form. It would have prohibited him from giving out classifiable--as opposed to classified--classifiable information without prior written authorization. That, of course, would have prevented those of us in Congress from getting that information so we couldn't do our oversight work.  Further, the term ``classifiable'' didn't only cover currently classified information, it also covered any information that could later be classified.  The governmentwide nondisclosure form arguably violated the Lloyd-LaFollette Act of 1912. That law states that ``the right of employees . . . to furnish information to . . . Congress . . . may not be interfered with or denied.''  Just to make sure, I added the so-called anti-gag appropriations rider that passed Congress in December 1987. That rider, the anti-gag rider, said that no money could be used to enforce any nondisclosure agreements that interferes with the right of individuals to provide information to Congress. It remained in every appropriations bill until 2013. I then worked to get that language into statute in 2012 through the passage of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act.  By the time of the first anti-gag rider in 1987, there was widespread recognition that all Federal employees ought to be protected if they disclosed waste and fraud to the Congress or for a lot of other reasons as well.  Meanwhile, I had also worked with Senator Levin of Michigan to coauthor what we called the Whistleblower Protection Act. It was introduced in February 1987. There were hearings on our bill in the summer of 1987 and the spring of 1988. It proceeded to pass the Senate by voice vote in August. Then the House unanimously did that in October. After reconciling the differences, we sent the bill to the White House. However, President Reagan failed to sign it. That meant we had to start all over again in the next Congress.  We didn't let President Reagan's inaction--because that was a pocket veto--stand in the way. Senator Levin and I moved forward again. When we reintroduced the bill in January 1989, I came to the floor to make the following statement:       We're back with this legislation in the 101st Congress, and      this time, we're going to make it stick.       Congress passed this bill last fall after extensive      discussions with members of the Reagan administration.       But in spite of the compromise we worked out, this bill      fell victim to President Reagan's pocket veto.       Whistleblowers are a very important part of government      operations. By exposing waste, fraud, and abuse, they work to      keep government honest and efficient. And for their loyalty,      they are often penalized--they get fired, demoted, and      harassed. . . . Under the current system, the vast majority      of employees choose not to disclose the wrongdoing they see.      They are afraid of reprisals and the result is a gross waste      of taxpayers' dollars.       Government employers should not be allowed to cover up      their misdeeds by creating such a hostile environment.  That is the end of the quote from the statement I made on the introduction of that bill in January 1989.  Once again, the bill passed the Senate and the House without opposition. Working with George H.W. Bush, this time we got the President to sign it. On April 10, 1989, the Whistleblower Protection Act became law.  We left part of the work undone 25 years ago. The Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 had exceptions for the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, and other parts of the intelligence community. The Whistleblower Protection Act left employees of those agencies unprotected, and so have the laws that followed it. I am very pleased that the preconferenced intelligence authorization bill released today will remedy that for the intelligence community.  Back in 2012 I championed the addition of intelligence whistleblower protections to the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act. The provisions I authored prohibited various forms of retaliation, including changing an employee's access to classified information. Working closely with the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, we got that language into the bill that passed the Senate by unanimous consent May 8, 2012. However, it was not included in the bill the House passed on September 28, 2012.  Prior to the differences being reconciled on October 10, 2012, President Obama issued Presidential Policy Directive 19. It provided certain limited protections for whistleblowers with access to classified information. Yet that Executive order by President Obama was weaker than the provisions I had authored in the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act. Unfortunately, President Obama's actions undercut support for those provisions by suggesting that statutory protection was now necessary. The final law that passed in November left intelligence whistleblowers at the mercy of the Presidential directive.  Now, much of the language I had championed is in the Intelligence authorization bill currently under consideration. It is certainly a step up from Presidential Policy Directive 19. Making any protections statutory is very significant. The bill also has better substantive protections than the Presidential directive.  It does still have some gray areas, I am sorry to say. It leaves some of the policy and procedure development to the discretion of the executive branch, and that is a mistake we know exists because we had a similar thing happen with the FBI because in 1989 the protections of the Whistleblower Protection Act didn't apply to the FBI. That turned out to be a big mistake.  Yet that law did require the Attorney General to implement regulations for FBI whistleblowers consistent with those in the Whistleblower Protection Act. However, it soon became clear that was a little like putting the fox in charge of the henhouse. The Justice Department and the FBI simply ignored that part of the law for nearly 10 years. Not until 1997 did the Attorney General finally implement regulations for whistleblowers at the FBI.  The Justice Department was pushed into finally issuing those regulations by an FBI employee by the name of Dr. Fred Whitehurst. Dr. Whitehurst was considered by the FBI to be its leading forensic explosive expert in the 1990s.  What I am about to show you is that by being a good, patriotic American and blowing the whistle when something is wrong, you can ruin yourself professionally.  Shortly after the Whistleblower Protection Act was passed in 1989, Dr. Whitehurst disclosed major problems with the FBI crime lab. From 1990 to 1995 he wrote close to 250 letters to the Justice Department inspector general about these problems. In other words, he tried to be loyal to the agency he was in and work within that agency to expose wrongdoing but didn't get very far.  In January 1996 he formally requested that the President implement regulations as required by the Whistleblower Protection Act. Only after Fred was suspended in 1997 did the White House finally issue such a memo to the Attorney General. It instructed the Attorney General to create a process for FBI whistleblowers as directed by the Whistleblower Protection Act. Fred Whitehurst's case dragged on for another year until the FBI finally agreed to settle with him in February 1998. He got more than a $1 million settlement out of that just because he was trying to do the right thing. But he got his badge and his gun taken away from him, and he was, in a sense, ridiculed for doing what a patriotic American ought to do.  Fred Whitehurst is not alone in the FBI as far as people having problems. Over the years, others--such as Mike German, Bassem Youssef, Jane Turner, and Robert Kobus--have blown the whistle from within the FBI. Even after the inspector general issued findings in their favor, several had to navigate a never-ending Kafkaesque internal appeals process. It seemed designed to grind down these patriotic Americans into submission through years of inaction.  Now history has started to repeat itself. As Congress was passing the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act in 2012, President Obama issued Presidential Policy Directive 19. He tasked Attorney General Holder with reevaluating the same FBI whistleblower procedures that Fred Whitehurst helped get in place in 1997. The Attorney General was given 6 months to report back.  When the Attorney General didn't report back and didn't issue that report at the 6-month mark, I asked the Government Accountability Office to do its own independent evaluation of the FBI whistleblower protections.  Now 18 months after the President's directive, Attorney General Holder still hasn't released his report. This is a person appointed by the President of the United States, directed by the President of the United States to do something in 6 months, presumably loyal to the President of the United States, and he isn't doing what the Chief Executive of our great country told him to do.  Potential whistleblowers should not have to wait a decade, as they did with the first set of regulations. It appears that the Justice Department is simply sitting on its hands once again.  The example of the FBI should be instructive. Unlike the Whistleblower Protection Act, the Intelligence authorization bill is much more detailed about the protections Congress intends. It puts a time limit on how long the intelligence community has to create their procedures, giving them 6 months. However, remember that is exactly the same amount of time President Obama gave Attorney General Holder to come up with regulations, and it still hasn't happened 18 months later. Congress needs to be vigilant about getting both the intelligence community and the Attorney General to act.  In the meantime, the FBI fiercely resists any efforts at congressional oversight, especially on whistleblower matters. For example, 4 months ago I sent a letter to the FBI requesting its training materials on the insider threat program. When we just want copies of training materials, would that be difficult for a bureaucracy to present to a Member of Congress?  That program happened to be announced by the Obama administration in October of 2011. It was intended to train Federal employees to watch out for insider threats among their colleagues. Public news reports indicated that this program might not do enough to distinguish between true insider threats and legitimate whistleblowers. I relayed these concerns in my letter. I also asked for copies of the training materials. I said I wanted to examine whether they adequately distinguished between insider threats and whistleblowers so it didn't become a damper on whistleblowing.  In response, an FBI legislative affairs official told my staff that a briefing might be the best way to answer my questions. It was scheduled for lastweek. Staff of both Chairman Leahy and myself attended. The FBI brought the head of their insider threat program. Yet the FBI didn't bring the insider threat training materials as we had requested. However, the head of the insider threat program told the staff of both Senator Leahy and myself there was no need to worry about whistleblower communications.  They are telling me that at a time when we have decades of history of whistleblowers being treated like skunks at a picnic? This gentleman said whistleblowers had to register in order to be protected and the insider threat program would know to avoid these people.  I have never heard of whistleblowers ever being required to ``register,'' in order to be protected. The idea of such a requirement should be pretty alarming to all Americans. We are talking about patriotic Americans wanting to make sure the government does what the law says it should do and spend money the way Congress intended it be spent. They have to register to be protected just because they are a patriotic American? The reason they can't do that is because sometimes confidentiality is the best protection a whistleblower has.  Unfortunately, neither my staff nor Chairman Leahy's staff was able to learn more because after only 10 minutes--only 10 minutes--in the office and into the briefing, the FBI got up and abruptly walked out.  It might be one thing to walk out on Republican staff, but they walked out on the staff of a Democratic chairman of one of the most powerful committees in the U.S. Senate as well--Chairman Leahy's staff.  FBI officials simply refused to discuss any whistleblower implications in its insider threat program and left the room. These are clearly not the actions of an agency that is genuinely open to whistleblowers or whistleblower protection.  Like the FBI, the intelligence community has to confront the same issue of distinguishing a true insider threat from legitimate whistleblowers. This issue will be impacted by title V of the current Intelligence authorization bill, which includes language about continuous monitoring of security clearance holders.  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper seems to have talked about such procedures when he appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee on February 11 of this year. In his testimony he said this:       We are going to proliferate deployment of auditing and      monitoring capabilities to enhance our insider threat      detection. We're going to need to change our security      clearance process to a system of continuous evaluation. . . .      What we need is . . . a system of continuous evaluation,      where we have a way of--  Now, get this.     --monitoring their behavior, both their electronic behaviors      on the job as well as off the job, to see if there is a      potential clearance issue.  Director Clapper's testimony gives me major pause, as I hope it does my colleagues. It sounds as though this type of monitoring would likely capture the activity of whistleblowers communicating with Congress.  To be clear, I believe the Federal Government is within its right in monitoring employee activity on worker computers. That applies all the more in the intelligence community. However, as I testified before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee recently, there are areas where the executive branch should be very cautious.  The House oversight committee held a hearing on electronic monitoring that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration had done of certain whistleblowers in that agency. This monitoring was not limited to work-related activity. The Food and Drug Administration allows its employees to check personal email accounts at work. As a result, the FDA's whistleblower monitoring captured personal email account passwords. It also captured attorney-client communications and confidential communications to Congress and the Office of Special Counsel.  Some of these communications are legally protected. If an agency captures such communications as a result of monitoring, it needs to think about how to handle them very differently; otherwise, it would be the ideal tool to identify and retaliate against whistleblowers. Without precautions, that kind of monitoring could effectively shut down legitimate whistleblower communications.  It wouldn't surprise me, considering the culture of some of these agencies, that is exactly what they want to do, because there is a great deal of peer pressure to go along to get along within these agencies. Whistleblowers, as I said, are kind of like a skunk at a picnic.  There could be safeguards, however. For example, whistleblower communications could be segregated from other communications. Access could be limited to only certain personnel rather than all of the upper management. In any case, whistleblowing disclosures to Congress or the special counsel can't just be routed back to the official accused of wrongdoing.  As the 1990 Executive order made clear, whistleblowing is a Federal employee's duty. It should be considered part of their official responsibilities and something they can do on work time. However, that doesn't mean they aren't allowed to make their protected disclosures confidentially to protect against the usual retaliation. A Federal employee has every right to make protected disclosures anonymously, whether at work or off the job.  Every Member of this body should realize that without some safeguards there is a chance their communications with whistleblowers may be viewed by the executive branch.  These same considerations apply to the intelligence community. The potential problems are heightened if electronic monitoring extends off the job, such as Director Clapper mentioned in the quote I gave. We have to balance detailing insider threats with letting whistleblowers know their legitimate whistleblower communications are protected.  With continuous monitoring in place, any whistleblower would understand their communications with the inspector general or Congress would likely be seen by their agency and punishment could follow. They might perhaps even be seen by those they believe are responsible for waste, fraud, or abuse, and punishment to follow. That leaves the whistleblower open to retaliation.  Even with the protections of this bill, we should all understand it is difficult to prevent retaliation because it is so indigenous in the culture of most government agencies. It requires a lengthy process for an individual to try to prove the retaliation and get any remedy. It is far better, where possible, to take precautions that prevent the likelihood of retaliation even occurring; otherwise, it will make it virtually impossible for there even to be such a thing as an intelligence community whistleblower. Fraud and waste would then go unreported. No one would dare take the risk.  To return to the theme I started with, whistleblowers need protection from retaliation today just as much as they did 25 years ago when the Whistleblower Protection Act was passed on April 10 of that year. I have always said whistleblowers are too often treated like a skunk at a picnic. You have now heard it for the third time. You can't say it too many times. I have seen too many of them retaliated against.  However, 25 years after the Whistleblower Protection Act, the data on whistleblowing is in, and the debate on whether to protect whistleblowers is over. There is widespread public recognition that whistleblowers perform a very valuable public service.  Earlier this year PricewaterhouseCoopers found that 31 percent of serious fraud globally was detected by whistleblowing systems or other tipoffs. According to a 2012 report from another organization, that number is even higher when looking just in the United States, with 51 percent of the fraud tips coming from a company's own employees.  In 2013, of U.S. workers who had observed misconduct and blown the whistle, 40 percent said the existence of whistleblower protection had made them more likely to report misconduct.  Whistleblowers are particularly vital in government, where bureaucrats only seem to work overtime when it comes to resisting transparency and accountability.  A year and a half after the Whistleblower Protection Act, President Bushissued Executive Order 1990 that said all Federal employees ``shall disclose waste, fraud, abuse and corruption to appropriate authorities.'' That should have changed the entire culture of these agencies that are antiwhistleblower, but it hasn't. But that is what the directive says.  Federal employees are still under obligations this very day. They are fulfilling a civic duty when they blow the whistle.  I encouraged President Reagan and every President after him that we should have a Rose Garden ceremony honoring whistleblowers. If you do that, it sends a signal from the highest level of the U.S. Government to the lowest level of the U.S. Government that whistleblowing is patriotic. Unfortunately, there isn't a single President who has taken me up on my suggestion.  Further, while the Obama administration promised to be the most transparent in history, it has, instead, cracked down on whistleblowers as never before.  Last week, the Supreme Court denied a petition to hear an appeal from a case named Kaplan v. Conyers. The Obama administration's position in that case, if allowed to stand, means untold numbers of Federal employees may lose some of the very same appeal rights we tried to strengthen in the Whistleblower Protection Act. There could be half or more of the Federal employees impacted. Such a situation would undo 130 years of protection for civil servants dating back to the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act of 1883.  We all remember that President Obama promised to ensure that whistleblowers have full access to the courts and due process. However, his administration has pursued the exact opposite goal here. That ought to be unacceptable to all of us.  I think it is important to send a loud and clear signal that waste, fraud, and abuse won't be tolerated in government, and that is why I am pleased to announce I will officially be forming a whistleblower protection caucus at the beginning of the 114th Congress. Until then, I will be talking to my colleagues and encouraging them to join me as we start putting together an agenda for that caucus in a new Congress.  As we celebrate the 25th anniversary of this very important bill called the Whistleblower Protection Act, we should all recognize whistleblowers for the sacrifices they make. Those who fight waste, fraud, and abuse in the government should be lauded for patriotism. Whistleblower protections are only worth anything if they are enforced.  Just because we have passed good laws does not mean we can stop paying attention to the issue. There must be vigilance and oversight by the Congress.  The best protection for a whistleblower is a culture of understanding and respecting the right to blow the whistle. I hope this whistleblower caucus will send the message that Congress expects that kind of culture.  I call on my colleagues to help me make sure whistleblowers continue to receive the kind of protection they need and deserve.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Udall of New Mexico). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  