 I wish to raise several other aspects of her record that I find troubling, but before I address the specifics of this nominee, I need to place this nomination in context.  Last November, when the distinguished majority leader decided to toss aside an institution almost as old as the Senate itself, he claimed that breaking the rules was necessary because of an imminent crisis in the DC Circuit--not a judicial emergency; the numbers made it plain there was no judicial emergency, but a crisis that required radical action. That was after we had already confirmed the President's first nominee to the DC Circuit by a unanimous vote of 97 to 0. As I said in November, there was no crisis.  According to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, as of September 2013, the DC Circuit had 149 pending appeals for each active judge, by far the lightest caseload of any of the Nation's 13 circuit courts of appeals. The number of cases filed in that circuit decreased by almost 5 percent during the year 2013. So the only crisis the distinguished majority leader was responding to was one he and the Obama White House had manufactured. Instead, in an exercise of raw political power he decided to stack the DC Circuit by ramming through three of the President's nominees simultaneously. It turns out that the crisis was just an excuse for a political power grab, plain and simple, and everyone knew it. Despite the denials from the other side, all the signs were there for anyone and anybody who cared to see those signs.  In May of last year the distinguished majority leader said the DC Circuit was ``wreaking havoc with the country'' and that he was going ``to do something about it.'' I am not going to recount how many of my Democratic colleagues repeatedly blocked President Bush's nominees to that court when they were in the minority. Those were and remain nominees of the highest quality who deserved a vote but never got such a vote. Suffice it to say then that during the Bush administration, when the parliamentary shoe was on the other foot, the distinguished Democratic leader claimed the filibuster was a sacred institution. Times surely have changed.  So now after the other side has succeeded in stacking the DC Circuit, Democratic appointees outnumber Republican appointees by a 7-to-4 majority among active judges. The distinguished majority leader wasn't going to leave anything to fortune and he rammed those three nominees through.  I am recounting how the majority leader took the Senate nuclear because it all came to another head last week. You see, on Tuesday the three-judge panel of the DC Circuit decided the Halbig v. Burwell case, the most significant ObamaCare ruling since the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the law in 2012. Halbig is a straightforward case of statutory interpretation under the Administrative Procedures Act and the DC Circuit panel got it right. As the panel held, the text of the Affordable Care Act states on its face that tax credits are available only to individuals--individuals--who purchase their insurance plans through an exchange established by a State. So the IRS cannot make the tax credits available as the law clearly says to those who bought plans through the Federal exchange. You don't have to take my word for it. Putting aside the ample evidence mustered by the DC Circuit's opinion, as early as 2009, the former Democratic chair of our Finance Committee suggested that tax credits were aimed to cover only State exchanges. Additionally, economist Jonathan Gruber, one of the key architects of ObamaCare, has been very clear on this question.  According to the New York Times, Mr. Gruber's role in designing ObamaCare was so crucial that ``the White House lent him to Capitol Hill to help Congressional staff members draft the specifics of the legislation.''  What did the administration's own expert economist have to say about the availability of tax credits under ObamaCare? Here is his quote from 2012 explaining how credits were intended as a political pressure tactic on our 50 States:       I think what's important to remember politically about      this, is if you are a state and you don't set up an Exchange,      that means your citizens don't get their tax credits. But      your citizens still pay the taxes that support this bill. So      you're essentially saying to your citizens, you're going to      pay all the taxes to help all the other states in the      country. I hope that's a blatant enough political reality      that states will get their act together and realize that      there are billions of dollars at stake here in setting up      these Exchanges, and that they'll do it. But you know, once      again, the politics can get ugly around this.  Mr. Gruber is right. The politics have gotten very ugly around this.  After the panel ruled against the HHS Secretary in Halbig last week, it only took the administration about an hour to announce that it would seek en banc review by the full DC Circuit. That is where the majority's power grab is paying off. Breaking the Senate's longstanding rules and stacking the DC Circuit was a premeditated political calculation from the very beginning. So last week when asked whether his decision to stack the courts was vindicated by the Halbig decision, the distinguished majority leader told the press: ``I think if you look at simple math, it does. Simple math, you bet.''  Simple math was the other side's calculation. The simple math is stacking the DC Circuit with leftwing judges who will do in a court what the President and the other side have been unable to do through the legislative process. It is what they have been unable to do through the proper channels of government designated by the Constitution to resolve these issues through the Congress. But the President has been complaining for years that he cannot accomplish his legislative agenda that way, so he went looking for alternatives to that constitutional process, where the Constitution says the legislative branch shall legislate, and the Constitution says that the executive branch should only execute. Faithfully executing the laws is not something this President concerns himself with. By now everybody has heard the President's boast about his pen and his phone. As of July 18 of this year, the President wielding that pen and dialing that phone has unconstitutionally amended ObamaCare by executive or administrative fiat a grand total of 24 times, and that could be a very conservative estimate of everything he has done. The President's unilateral Executive actions were not minor. They unconstitutionally altered basic aspects of the law's design and operation. Things as fundamental as delaying the individual mandate, ordering the IRS to make subsidies available through Federal exchanges in direct contravention of the law, extending noncompliant plans, delaying the employer mandate--not once but twice--and exempting unions from reinsurance fees which will create costs that will be passed on to consumers who aren't fortunate enough to be employed by the President's political allies--all of these and more in violation of law. By his own admission the President has used these aggressive and lawless tactics because he cannot prevail in the legislative process. But time has shown that Executive action has been insufficient to realize a failed legislative agenda. So thePresident turned to the courts to do what he couldn't otherwise do legislatively, what he couldn't do within constitutional constraints, because it is all about just ``simple math.''  That is not the way the Constitution works. High school students know otherwise. The President isn't entitled to a rubberstamp from a Congress on unpopular legislation, and he is not entitled to stack the courts with radically liberal judges when his political initiatives fail legislatively.  So I want the other side to remember how politics works when they inevitably find themselves in the minority once again. I want them to remember the new realities of the so-called simple math that they resorted to in order to accomplish legislative projects through judicial proxies instead of through the democratic process.  The DC Circuit wasn't the only appeals court to rule on the ObamaCare subsidies issue last week, and that brings me back to Professor Harris's nomination that we will be voting on today. The Fourth Circuit has ruled, but in contrast to the DC Circuit, it upheld the administration's subsidies regime in a case called the King case, and that is where this nominee comes in. As I explained to my colleagues last week, the timing of the vote on this nomination is not coincidence. Professor Harris is being fast-tracked to the Fourth Circuit just in time for another en banc appeal, should one materialize.  The professor, one of the President's most stridently liberal nominees to date, is jumping ahead of other circuit nominees on the Executive Calendar. Why? For one simple reason: The administration is betting on more simple math to defend ObamaCare in the Fourth Circuit, just like they are betting on simple math to save them in the DC Circuit.  My colleagues need to face the facts. Professor Harris is a rock-solid vote for saving ObamaCare's unlawful subsidy regime which many commentators have described as the economic linchpin of the entire law. All we need to do is look at the nominee's record, which shows time and again how this nominee confuses politics with the law.  For years prior to her confirmation hearing she advocated a legal philosophy in which leftwing politics actively guides and actively shapes judicial decisionmaking. She has explained in detail that she believes the Constitution is made and remade over and over again by political movements at the so-called constitutionally critical junctures. So do we even need to ask whether Professor Harris thinks that passage of ObamaCare was one such critical juncture and that the law is worth preserving at all costs? The question answers itself.  Just look at Professor Harris's record. Before my colleagues vote I want them to have a clear picture of what this nominee stands for, so I am going to mention a few truly remarkable positions she has taken in addition to the many I discussed with my colleagues last week. Professor Harris is on record that extralegal considerations should influence how a judge rules. She also expressed her belief that the personal characteristics of the judge should matter as well.  I think it is fair to say that she is acutely concerned with the personal characteristics of the judge. In 2010 she even told the Los Angeles Times that the President should consider a judicial nominee's religious beliefs when filling Supreme Court vacancies, even though our Constitution says there can be no religious test for any office. She said:       It is hard for me to see religion as especially different      than all other things that presidents take into account.  I don't even know where to start with that, and perhaps the less said about it the better. But I would be interested to know which religions the nominee thinks are suitable or unsuitable for representation on the Federal bench.  I will leave you with another example of how out of mainstream this nominee is. Professor Harris is an outspoken advocate for abortion rights. Over the years she has made a number of controversial statements about abortion and the Supreme Court's abortion precedent. Shockingly, on one occasion last year she described partial-birth abortion as merely a ``late-ish'' kind of abortion. The nominee also suggested that States ``gin up medical controversies'' intentionally and in bad faith in order to justify restrictions on late-term abortions.  She denigrated restrictions on partial-birth abortion because, in her view, ``you could find one guy to say `I don't know it's safe to create medical uncertainty that will allow state regulation.' ''  Those are definitely not the views of mainstream nominees.  My colleagues need to understand this nominee's views fully before they cast their votes. This is a nominee who describes herself as a ``profoundly liberal person'' and who thinks the Constitution is a ``profoundly progressive document.'' This is a nominee who actually thinks the Constitution embodies her personal leftwing philosophy and has said it is ``pretty close to where I am.'' This is a nominee who suggested that a judicial nominee's religious faith is a valid consideration for service on the Federal bench. This is a nominee who thinks partial-birth abortion is just a ``late-ish'' kind of abortion and criticizes State partial-birth abortion laws ginned up by fake controversies and bogus data.  I explained earlier, a vote for this nominee is a vote in favor of ObamaCare, and that is why she is being hurried onto the Fourth Circuit ahead of nominees to other courts of appeal. It is the distinguished majority leader's simple math.  This is perhaps the most liberal judicial nominee we have seen from this President so far, which is why I am going to vote no on this nominee and urge my colleagues to do likewise.  I yield the floor.  