 These nominees will be brought up, considered by the Senate, and in all likelihood confirmed in very short order. As I mentioned several times, this is a procedure the Democrats voted to pursue in November when they voted for the so-called nuclear option. The majority voted to eliminate the filibuster on nominations and to cut the minority, us Republicans, out of the process.  While the Senate is debating these district court nominees, it gives me a good opportunity to continue the discussion about how the Senate ought to be functioning in the constitutional way determined by our Constitution writers. There is no debate that the Senate isn't functioning properly, and we have been treated to relentless finger-pointing from the other side regarding who is to blame.  Unless we can establish a nonpartisan account of how the Senate ought to function, this debate will amount to nothing more than a kindergarten shouting match.  I wish to return to the Federalist Papers, which are the most detailed account, from the time the Constitution was being ratified, about how our institution, this Senate, was intended to operate. Although these Federalist Papers were written over 200 years ago, the principles those papers articulate are timeless, and the problems they highlight are strikingly relevant to this very day.  The last time I addressed the Senate on this subject I quoted at length from a passage in Federalist No. 62. Although the Federalist Papers were published under the pseudonym of ``Publius,'' we know they were written by three of our Founding Fathers: James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, and John Jay.  Federalist No. 62 has been attributed to the father of the Constitution James Madison. In it he lists several problems that can be encountered by a republic the Senate was specifically, under the Constitution, designed to counteract.  The first point Madison makes is that having a second chamber--meaning the Senate--composed differently than the House makes it less likely one faction will be able to take over and enact an agenda out of step with the American people.  The second point deals with the tendency of a unicameral legislature to yield to sudden and popular impulses and pass what he called ``intemperate and pernicious resolutions.''  The third point is that based on the experience of the early unicameral State legislatures, a second chamber, with longer terms, such as the Senate, and a more deliberative process, such as the Senate is supposed to have, will make sure any laws passed are well thought out. The Framers of our Constitution determined it was better to get it right the first time than to subject the American people to the upheavals caused by the need to fix poorly conceived laws.  Madison talks about the early American experience with ``all the repealing, explaining and amending laws,'' which he calls ``monuments of deficient wisdom; so many impeachments exhibited by each succeeding against each preceding session; so many admonitions to the people, of the value of those aids which may be expected from a well-constituted Senate.''  In my last speech I did not get to Madison's fourth and final point in Federalist Paper 62, which is quite long and deserves to be examined in detail, and that is my main purpose today. Madison concludes Federal No. 62 with an extensive discussion of the importance of stability to good government and the danger to rule of law from constant change. So here he is talking about the purpose intended for the Senate. This section starts:       Fourthly, the mutability in the public councils arising      from a rapid succession of new members, however qualified      they may be, points out, in the strongest manner, the      necessity of some stable institution in the government. Every      new election in the States is found to change one-half of the      representatives. From this change of men must proceed a      change of opinions; and from a change of opinions, a change      of measures. But a continual change even of good measures is      inconsistent with every rule of prudence and every prospect      of success. The remark is verified in private life, and      becomes more just, as well as more important, in national      transactions.  Here Madison is making a case for stable government instead of constant change. He says that constant change, even with good ideas, will not produce positive results. Madison then elaborates on the various problems caused by an unstable government. This is what he first says about a country that is constantly changing its laws:       . . . she is held in no respect by her friends; that she is      the derision of her enemies; and that she is prey to every      nation which has an interest in speculating on her      fluctuating councils and embarrassed affairs.  Madison then makes the case that the domestic ramifications of constantly enacting and changing laws ``poisons the blessing of liberty itself.''  But he goes on to explain:       It will be of little avail to the people, that the laws are      made by men of their own choice, if the laws be so voluminous      that they cannot be read, or so incoherent that they cannot      be understood; if they be repealed or revised before they are      promulgated, or undergo such incessant changes that no man,      who knows what the law is today, can guess what it will be      tomorrow.  This sounds a little bit like what we are finding with the health care law today, which is being rewritten daily and on the fly by the Obama administration. The Law has been changed by the President 29 times so far. But it is part of a bigger problem we face with new laws and regulations from agencies which have the force of law being churned out in such volume that no American can possibly know what all those regulations are.  Just based upon probability, Americans are likely to violate some regulation or some other law without knowing it at the time. Madison is making a case not just for more thoughtful laws but fewer laws.  When the majority leader and many in the media complain the Senate should be passing laws at a higher rate, those people miss the point entirely. To listen to some Members of the majority, and even more so in the media of America, one would think the success of a session of Congress was measured solely on the sheer number of laws passed and not on the quality of those laws that it passes.  Common sense tells all of us the Senate was specifically designed to slow down the process and to make surethat Congress passes fewer but better laws. Madison elaborates further on why fewer laws are better in this passage, which is extremely relevant today:       Another effect of public instability is the unreasonable      advantage it gives to the sagacious, the enterprising, and      the moneyed few over the industrious and uninformed mass of      the people.       Every new regulation concerning commerce or revenue, or in      any way affecting the value of the different species of      property, presents a new harvest to those who watch the      change, and can trace its consequences; a harvest, reared not      by themselves, but by the toils and cares of the great body      of their fellow citizens.  In other words, a situation where Congress is constantly changing the laws gives more influence to those who can hire lawyers to keep on top of the changes and lobbyists who influence them versus the little guy who is out there on his own.  It is sometimes said that big businesses don't like regulations. But that isn't my experience in many instances. The bigger and wealthier a business or a union or other special interest group, the better chance they have to shape a new law or regulation and the more people they can hire to help them comply. On the other hand, small businesses and individuals can't hire a team of lawyers to read the latest laws and regulations and fill out the proper paperwork. Small businesses and individuals are the ones squeezed out of the marketplace by the constant flow of new laws.  An overactive government benefits the big guys at the expense of the little guys. If you think that fact is lost on the big guys and their lobbyists when they come to Congress, you would in fact be very badly mistaken. So as James Madison so wisely noted, an overactive government is an invitation to the rich and the powerful to use government to their benefit and to the detriment of their competitors.  That goes to show there is a great benefit to stability in laws as opposed to constant change--the very purpose Madison sets out for the Senate.  A cornerstone of liberty is the rule of law, meaning the law is transparent and no one is above the law. If you look around the world today, the poorest and least free countries are the ones where there is no rule of law. If someone can take what you have earned through force and you have no legal recourse, that is an example where there is no rule of law. If the rich and the powerful get special privileges, that is an example of where the rule of law has broken down.  The rule of law is one of the principles our country was founded upon. But when there are so many rules and they are changing so quickly the average citizen cannot keep up, that undermines the rule of law.  Of course, the situation is only made worse when the rules already on the books are waived for the politically connected. Of course, that is another problem, but one that has become all too common under this administration, particularly with the health care reform law, where 29 changes have already been made by the President on his own volition, and some of us believe even contrary to law. As an example, I have even heard some Democratic Senators comment: How can the President make the change on employer mandates?  Of course, going back to the Senate's role, I am not making a case for doing nothing or that we should be happy with the failure of the Senate to debate legislation. The Senate is supposed to be slow and deliberative, not stopped. That is why we are called the greatest deliberative body in the world. Still, it is important to get away from this notion that somehow the failure to ram legislation through the Senate with no debate and no amendments is a problem.  The reason the Senate doesn't function when the majority leader tries to run it that way is very simple. The Senate was not designed to do business that way. The Senate was intended to be the deliberative body we always praise and has been for most of its history. But it has now become routine for the leadership to file cloture to end consideration of a matter immediately upon moving to it. By contrast, the regular order is for the Senate to consider a matter for some period of time--how long would vary--but allowing Senators from all parties to weigh in before cloture is even contemplated.  Cloture was invented to allow the Senate to end consideration of a matter after the vast majority of Senators had concluded it has received sufficient consideration. Prior to that, there was no way to end debate so long as at least one Senator wished to keep deliberating. Cloture was a compromise between the desire to move things along and the principle that each Senator, as a representative of his or her respective State, has the right to participate fully in the legislative process.  The compromise was originally that two-thirds of Senators voting had to be satisfied a matter had received sufficient consideration. That was reduced to three-fifths of all Senators. Each time this matter is renegotiated, the compromise leans more in favor of speeding up the process at the expense of allowing Senators to fully represent the people of their respective States.  The majority leadership routinely files cloture immediately upon proceeding to a matter. Again, cloture is a tool to cut off further consideration of a matter when it appears it is dragging on too long. One can hardly claim the Senate has taken too much time to deliberate over something when it hasn't even begun consideration and debate of the specific matter.  According to data from the Congressional Research Service, there were only seven times during the first session of this current Congress the Senate started to consider a bill for a day or more before cloture was filed. That is out of 34 cloture motions related to legislative business. The number of same-day cloture filings has more than doubled compared to when Republicans last controlled the Senate.  Moreover, the total number of cloture motions filed each session of Congress under this majority leadership has roughly doubled compared to the period from 1991 to 2006, under majority leaders of both political parties. Before 1991, cloture was even more rare. This is a sign that cloture is being overused, even abused, by the majority.  Still, if this alarming rise in cloture motions was a legitimate response to a minority of Senators insisting on extended debate to delay proceedings beyond what is necessary for reasonable deliberation, otherwise known as a filibuster, then of course it would be justified. That is clearly not the case when the overwhelming number of motions to cut off debate are made before debate has even started.  What amount of time is necessary for deliberations and what is purely dilatory in any particular case is, of course, a subjective determination. However, the practice of routinely moving to cut off consideration of virtually every measure when there has not even yet been any deliberation cannot be justified in a body termed ``the most deliberative body in the world''--that being the U.S. Senate.  So we are in a situation where this is very much an abuse of the cloture motion. Along with the routine blocking of amendments, cloture abuse is preventing Senators from doing what we are paid to do; that is, to represent the people of our States.  Shutting Senators out of the deliberative process isn't just an argument about dry Senate procedure, as the majority leader has tried to suggest in response to criticisms. When Senators are blocked from participating in the legislative process, the people they represent are effectively disenfranchised.  When I say people are disenfranchised when the majority leadership shuts Senators out of the process, I don't just mean citizens of the 45 States that elected Republican Senators. The citizens of States that elected Democratic Senators also expect those Senators to offer amendments and engage with their colleagues from different parties. Shutting down consideration of a bill before it has been considered prevents even Members of the majority party from offering amendments which may be important to the people of their respective States. Voters have a right to expect the people they elect to actually do the hard work of representing them, not just be a rubberstamp for their leadership's legislative agenda.  Senators who go along with tactics which disenfranchise their own constituents should have to answer to those who voted them into office as to why they aren't willing to do the job they were elected to do. That job includes not just offering amendmentswhen appropriate but taking tough votes which reveal to their constituents where that Senator stands. The majority leader has gone out of his way to shield members of his caucus from taking votes that may hurt them back home. Senators don't have any right to avoid tough votes. That is not the deliberative process James Madison envisioned and expressed in the writings of the Federalist Papers.  If we are going to have good laws which can stand the test of time, the Senate must be allowed to function as it was intended to function. One aspect of what is needed to return the Senate to its proper function as a deliberative body is to end cloture abuse.  I would ask my colleagues to reflect on all the changes to the Senate recently, including those negotiated between the two leaders a year ago in return for a promise--which was not kept--not to use the nuclear option, as well as the subsequent use of the nuclear option yet 10 months later, last November.  Those reforms, if you can call them reforms, have been in the direction of reducing the ability of individual Senators to represent the people of their States and at the same time concentrating power with the majority leadership. It is time we had some reforms to get the Senate back functioning as a deliberative body as was intended under the Constitution. The Senate is supposed to be a place where all voices are heard and reason can rise above partisanship.  I urge all my colleagues to reflect on these thoughts and think about our responsibility to the people of our States. If we do, I am sure we can come up with some sensible reforms to end the abuse of cloture and restore the Senate to the deliberative body the Framers of the Constitution intended it to be and, most importantly, as expressed by James Madison. I will be thinking about that, and I would encourage all my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  