 President, I would like to share a few words of support of Kevin Techau to be U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Iowa. Mr. Techau received his undergraduate degree from the University of Iowa in 1981, and his J.D. from the University of Iowa in 1984. Mr. Techau also has a distinguished military career. He served in the U.S. Air Force as a judge advocate from 1985 until 1992. While serving in the base legal office he provided legal counsel on a broad array of issues, including Federal laws, employment law, medical malpractice claims and criminal prosecution.  As a circuit defense counsel, he served as lead attorney in major felony cases in European and eastern United States circuits representing U.S. Air Force airmen in court-martial cases involving charges brought under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Mr. Techau joined the Iowa National Guard in 1993 and served until 2011.  In 1992, Mr. Techau joined the firm of Grefe & Sidney in Des Moines, IA. As an associate attorney, the primary focus of his practice was in civil litigation. From 1996 until 1999, Mr. Techau served as a Federal public defender for Iowa. His practice as a public defender was both at the trial and appellate level, and he has tried cases in the U.S. Federal Courts for the Northern and Southern Districts of Iowa and the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Techau was appointed to the position of director of inspections and appeals for Iowa in 1999, and in 2002 was appointed as commissioner of public safety for Iowa.  Since 2007, he has been associate general counsel at American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company. There he handles litigation management for the company. Throughout his career, Mr. Techau has demonstratedhis commitment to serving the people of Iowa and the United States.  Finally, let me just add that I have known the Techau family for decades and I know Mr. Techau personally. He has even been a running partner of mine from time to time. He is a man of fine character and commitment. I believe he will serve as U.S. attorney with distinction and honor. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on this nomination.  