  Over the past 30 years, this Nation has achieved tremendous success in cutting crime. There are fewer victims who suffer fewer physical and financial injuries. Neighborhood safety has improved, reducing fear and helping economic growth. These gains have been hard won. Congress played a major role, enacting mandatory sentencing guidelines, mandatory minimum sentences, providing assistance to law enforcement, and building more prisons. The mandatory guidelines, combined with abolishing parole, led to lengthier sentences, and what is fair about it all is that we have fewer disparities in sentencing. No longer would the sentence depend on whether the criminal faced a tough or a lenient judge, and factors such as the defendant's race and income could not be taken into account.  Unfortunately, the Supreme Court, applying novel readings of the Constitution, struck down mandatory sentencing guidelines. As a result, Federal judges are departing downward from the guidelines, issuing shorter sentences and injecting more disparity into the system. States are reducing their incarceration rates. While there are probably multiple contributing factors, crime rates recently have been rising. The only means left for Congress to ensure that criminals are sentenced to appropriate sentences then is mandatory minimums, now that the Supreme Court has judged sentencing guidelines as being unconstitutional.  Those convicted of the manufacture, sale, or possession with intent to distribute, and importation of a wide range of drugs, including heroin, cocaine, PCP, LSD, ecstasy, and methamphetamine may have their sentences cut in half or even more from the current mandatory minimums.  Supporters of the bill say it allows for shorter sentencing only for ``nonviolent offenders.'' I am going to prove the bill does more than that. The term``nonviolent offenders'' is highly misleading. First, that phrase conjures up people in jail for simple possession, and this bill does not apply to simple possession at all, for any drug.  Second, the types of offenses the bill applies to are violent. Importing cocaine is violent. The whole operation turns on violence. Dealing heroin also involves violence or the threat of violence.  Third, the crime for which the defendant is being sentenced might have been violent. The mandatory minimum sentence would be cut even if the criminal's codefendant used a gun.  Fourth, the criminal himself could have a violent history. Although the bill does not apply to a drug crime for which the defendant used violence, it does apply to criminals with a history of violence. That is, the bill would permit a shorter mandatory minimum where the defendant was not violent on this occasion, but was in the past. Supporters of the bill never acknowledge that it would apply to drug dealers with a history of violent crime.  Other provisions of the bill expand the safety valve that allows judges to impose mandatory minimum sentences on offenders with minimal criminal history. The bill's proponents never identify which violent offenders who fail to qualify for even the bill's expanded safety valve should be able to receive the bill's shorter mandatory minimum sentences.  And don't pay attention to the smoke screen that the bill leaves the maximum sentence alone. Judges are not sentencing anywhere near the maximum today. The whole point of the bill is to allow judges to ignore current mandatory minimums for serious offenses such as heroin importation and cocaine dealing, and sentence defendants to half the minimum they are now receiving.  We know from the experience of the States that when mandatory minimum sentences are reduced, judges use their greater discretion only to sentence the same or more leniently, even when the drug offender has a history of violence. For instance, the State of New York changed its drug sentencing laws to give judges more discretion. Judges began in the overwhelming majority of the cases to sentence offenders to the now lower minimum sentences. New York judges have sentenced drug offenders--even offenders with prior felony convictions--to the lower minimums. Do we really want offenders such as these out on the streets earlier than is the case now, and while out there on the street to prey on our citizens? That is what they will do.  Although supporters of the bill claim it will reduce costs, what it will really do is shift costs from prison budgets to crime victims.  As Professor Matt DeLisi of Iowa State University testified before our Judiciary Committee, juvenile drug use is the best predictor of chronic offending and that, in his words, ``drug users offend at levels 3-4 times greater than persons not convicted of drug crimes.'' He stated that criminal justice research shows that ``releasing 1% of the current Bureau of Prison population would result in approximately 32,850 additional murders, rapes, robberies, aggravated assaults, burglaries, auto thefts, and incidents of arson.''  So the empirical data are clear. Lower mandatory minimum sentences mean increased crime and an increased number of victims. Why would we, then, vote to increase crime and create more crime victims?  Various police organizations answer that question by coming out against this bill.  The National Narcotic Officers' Association has written--and I will give you a fairly long quote:       As the men and women in law enforcement who confront      considerable risk daily to stand between poison sellers and      their victims, we cannot find a single good reason to weaken      federal consequences for the worst offenders who are directly      responsible for an egregious amount of personal despair,      community decay, family destruction, and the expenditure of      vast amounts of taxpayer dollars to clean up the messes they      create.  End of quote from the National Narcotic Officers' Association.  The Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association has also come out against the bill. They stated:       It is with great concern that the Federal Law Enforcement      Officers Association views any action or attempt . . . that      would alter or eliminate the current federal sentencing      policy regarding mandatory minimum sentencing.       The mandatory minimum sentencing standard currently in      place is essential to public safety and that of our      membership.  End of quote from the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association.  Law enforcement is telling us that this bill would be bad policy and create more crime victims, but it is also saying that were this ill-considered legislation to pass, the safety of police officers, who safeguard us, would be jeopardized. How can we possibly do that to those who bravely protect us--our law enforcement people?  The bill is particularly misguided in light of current conditions concerning drug use. We are in the midst of a heroin epidemic right now. Deaths from heroin overdoses in Pennsylvania are way up. In the State of Vermont, the Governor devoted this year's entire state of the State message to the heroin problem. Cutting sentences for all heroin importation and dealing makes no sense at all considering the concerns of these Governors and other State leaders and law enforcement people.  Now let's turn to what the Obama administration thinks. Typical of its pattern of disregarding the law across a large range of areas, this administration refuses to charge some defendants for crimes they duly committed if doing so would subject them to mandatory minimum sentences. Typical with this administration's pattern of disregarding the law, it is not taking action in most situations where States have enacted laws decriminalizing marijuana, even though that is contrary to Federal law. Do you think the Obama administration would stand silently by if a State enacted laws that allowed guns, rather than drugs, to be sold inconsistently with Federal law? Well, of course not.  According to a story this week in the Washington Post, one of the reasons for the heroin epidemic is that marijuana decriminalization is leading growers to produce more heroin for importation into this country. That is because the availability of marijuana is rising and consequently the price is falling. So there is money available to be spent elsewhere. So many who used to grow marijuana now can make much more money cultivating opium poppies for heroin export to this country. But the administration supports this bill, which allows judges to lower mandatory minimum sentences for heroin importation. Doesn't that boggle the mind?  My conservative colleagues who rightly oppose the administration's lawlessness in so many areas should think twice before supporting the administration here. They should oppose a bill that gives judges additional authority only for lowering sentences for dealing, manufacturing, and importing LSD, heroin, cocaine, ecstasy, and methamphetamine.  The National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys has courageously disagreed with the public opinion of their employer, the Department of Justice and Attorney General Holder. The National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys--and, remember, these people are on the Federal payroll enforcing and prosecuting under Federal law--this organization has written in opposition to the bill:       Mandatory minimums deter crime and help gain the      cooperation of defendants in lower-level roles in criminal      organizations to pursue higher-level targets.       They have been demonstrably helpful in reducing crime.  End of quote from the National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys.  So why on Earth, then, would we cut sentences for sellers and importers of the worst drugs now plaguing our cities, our suburbs, and even rural areas?  Not every mandatory minimum sentence may be set at the perfect level. We should and can have a discussion concerning lowering some sentences and maybe even raising others--others that probably should be raised, such as for child pornography, terrorism, sexual assault, domestic violence, and various fraud offenses.  We can reduce jail time but not sentences. Many States have done this for inmates whose risk assessments and behavior in jail, including successful completion of programs proven to reduce recidivism, earn our confidence that these people, out of prison, areless likely to reoffend. But we should not cut sentences up front for serious offenders such as heroin dealers. We should not do so where these offenders have a history of violence. We should not drastically cut the only tool we have to reduce sentencing disparities among judges.  The mislabeled Fair Sentencing Act is the wrong answer to the problems we face. I hope the Senate will not take up this bill, but if it does, my colleagues should take a clear-eyed look at this very dangerous bill and oppose it, as I will.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  