 President, my colleagues who are waiting to speak to honor Senator Harkin, I am not going to take the amount of time I did on his birthday. I want to tell my colleagues that what I said on his birthday, on November 19, I probably should have waited and said today.  But I want to speak about our working relationship, and I want Senator Harkin to know that I have enjoyed my working relationship with him, together working for Iowa. I compliment him on the many accomplishments he has made. I consider him a friend. And as he goes back to Iowa, we will maintain that friendship, I am sure.  I would ask my colleagues if they would think about looking at what I said before on his birthday, because I am not going to repeat that here. But I think we ought to recognize that Senator Harkin worked hard up to his last day in the United States Senate, because one of his works over the last 25 years was on inhumane labor issues around the world, and he traveled to Oslo very recently to honor a person who received the Nobel Peace Prize for that crusade, as well as all the good work that Senator Harkin has done on it. And probably that person received the award because of Senator Harkin so long suggesting that the individual deserved that attention.  I am going to be very brief today, since my prior remarks outlined our friendship and his record in some detail. It is in the Congressional Record for posterity.  Senator Harkin and I have been a duo from our home State of Iowa for a long period of time. His voice is familiar. So is his point of view, so is his work ethic for the people of Iowa.  He has been a champion for individuals with disability, for the elderly, for early childhood education, nutrition, and wellness; for conservation, renewable energy, and the environment. We could go on and on about his passion for these causes, and many others.  Senator Harkin's legislative accomplishments are numerous. He leaves a lasting body of work that improves the quality of life for people who don't always have a high profile in the Halls of Congress.  One of Senator Harkin's greatest legacies is his ability to translate his drive and passion into legislative accomplishments. As the saying goes: He doesn't just talk the talk, he walks the walk.  Senator Tom Harkin lives and breathes the causes important to him, and the United States and Americans have a better quality of life because of it.  It will be a new era when the Senate doesn't see him rising to speak in his characteristic fiery delivery. And it may not have been so fiery today, but he did speak with emotion about the things he believes in.  I am grateful for his friendship and his long service to the people of Iowa and the Nation. While I will miss him around the Capitol, I am confident I will see him at home in Iowa. Senator Harkin is not one to turn off his enthusiasm for important issues, and I feel sure--and he has already told us today--he will continue his contribution to public service wherever and whenever the spirit moves him. And we know by his statement today it is already moving him. He has plans for the future to continue these crusades.  With that in mind, I will say so long rather than goodbye. Thank you.  I yield the floor.  