 President, I come to the floor today to talk about ``Zero Dark Thirty''--not the movie but a report on the movie. The report was supposed to tell us how the movie's producers obtained top-secret information from the Federal Government, but the report never took us there.  The Department of Defense inspector general stumbled and fell and lost sight of the goal and the need for independence. People were exposed to harm, the taxpayers' money got wasted, and alleged misconduct by top officials was shielded by a policy that may have been abused. Bureaucratic bungling caused confusion, turmoil, and dissent. For certain, the whole thing was a fiasco.  The ``Zero Dark Thirty'' report was driven by the hemorrhage of leaks of highly classified information by senior administration officials after the Osama bin Laden raid. It was requested by the chairman of the House oversight committee, Congressman Peter King--a very good Congressman, very good on oversight.  He read a column in the New York Times which indicated that Hollywood filmmakers ``received top-level access to the most classified mission in history.'' Congressman King was concerned that those disclosures could undermine our ability to successfully conduct covert operations in the future, so in August 2011 Congressman King asked the inspectors general of the Central Intelligence Agency and the Department of Defense to answer five simple questions. My focus during these remarks will be on the Department of Defense IG's investigation.  I became involved, as you might expect, after whistleblowers contacted my office in December 2012 alleging that Acting and Deputy Inspector General Lynne Halbrooks was sitting on Congressman King's report. They alleged that she--Ms. Halbrooks--was suppressing the report to, No. 1, protect her boss, Secretary of Defense Panetta, and other senior officials from disciplinary action or prosecution, and No. 2, to further her candidacy to be the next inspector general.  Her nomination was vetted while the investigation was in progress. The convergence of those potential conflicts of interest grabbed my attention. They needed scrutiny. The independence of the Office of Inspector General could have been jeopardized. So my staff started digging. They interviewed key witnesses and examined documents provided by whistleblowers and official sources. Here is what we have found:  On December 16, 2011, the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General announced that its investigation would begin immediately and that it was to be coordinated with the CIA inspector general. It would be conducted by the Office of Intelligence and Special Program Assessments headed by a Mr. James Ives. That investigation took a year.  A draft report was submitted for classification review on October 24, 2012. The allegations were substantiated. No. 1, senior officials, including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, his chief of staff Jeremy Bash, and Under Secretary of Intelligence Michael Vickers, allegedly made unauthorized disclosures of highly classified information on that raid. No. 2, these alleged disclosures may have placed special operations personnel and their families in harm's way.  One month later the draft report containing those allegations was declared unclassified. A coordination package was then developed. It included a publicly releasable version, talking points for reporters, and transmittal memos to the Defense Secretary and Chairman King.  This package was circulated internally for review and clearance. Thenext and final step was submission to Deputy IG Halbrooks as a request for release. Now, by normal standards, the report was ready for issue. However, there was a major foul-up--a real show stopper. The review process was bungled from start to finish.  All references to unauthorized disclosures of highly classified information by senior officials had to be stripped from the report before it could be published. This draconian measure, which gutted the report and made it unfit for publication, was mandated by a longstanding department policy. This long standing department policy was known only to the two leaders of the investigation, Deputies Halbrooks and Ives. It was their responsibility to execute it at the front end of the review.  I want to make one point crystal clear. I don't support the policy of censoring reports. It is a bad policy that needs to be changed. My beef, though, is if that is the policy, then it should have been followed, but it wasn't followed until the last possible moment.  To make matters far worse, both Ives and Halbrooks failed to communicate the policy mandate to those who needed the information to ready the report for publication. Halbrooks and Ives kept the investigative team in the dark--like a bunch of mushrooms. So they had the mistaken notion the uncensored report was final and ready to go. This caused a great deal of turmoil.  Two factors set the stage for the bungled review process. First, the official assigned to lead the project, Mr. Ives, lacked relevant professional experience, and top management failed to actively supervise his day-to-day progress on the report to ensure that he followed established protocols. He needed guidance navigating his way through an unfamiliar process but received no guidance. Plus, his appointment was limited to 4 months on a project that took 2 years.  This was a recipe for disaster.  Second, the problem was compounded by a failure to coordinate with the CIA inspector general before the investigation got rolling. Effective coordination was essential. Congressman King's request crossed jurisdictional lines between two powerful agencies, the CIA and the Department of Defense.  The CIA's inspector general was ultimately responsible for the alleged misconduct because it occurred while Panetta and his Chief of Staff, Jeremy Bash, were CIA employees. The fact that they had moved to the Pentagon after the investigation started was irrelevant.  This was a no-brainer, but for inexplicable reasons the Department of Defense IG tackled the Panetta-Bash allegations. This was an irresponsible and wasteful action. It took over a year of groping down blind alleys for the reality to finally sink in. By then it was way too late.  The failure of the two agencies to coordinate effectively right up front had disastrous consequence. Just as the report was reaching critical mass in late 2012, the Panetta case had to be referred back to the CIA IG for investigation. Panetta's alleged misconduct was the heart and soul of the report.  It was suddenly gone, leaving the report hollow and empty. How could all this senseless blundering happen unless it was part of a plan to slow-roll or even torpedo the report. The blundering was coupled with unexplained delays.  Between mid-December and early January, Deputy Ives finally completed the mandated substantial review, which gutted the report. However, it did not regain forward motion until after Secretary Panetta retired February 27, 2013.  Halbrooks claims she did not receive or see a draft until March 25, 2013. Aside from a few minor edits, there is no record of significant edits between Mr. Ives' review and publication of the report. The 3-month delay in reaching her desk and subsequent delays until June remain unexplained and unaccounted for.  These facts create the perception that the review process was slowed by Halbrooks and others at her direction to shield Department of Defense officials from scrutiny. She claims her nomination was dead at that point and no longer a potential conflict, but she offers no evidence to back it up.  Moreover, this timeline fits with other relevant information. According to a whistleblower, she stated repeatedly that the report would not be issued until Panetta stepped down--and that is exactly what happened.  Finally, the bungled review process may have triggered whistleblowing. Whistleblowers thought the report was about to be issued in late 2012 when media talking points were circulated. When that didn't happen, they perceived a coverup. They contacted my office and then they leaked the report to the Project on Government Oversight, which is normally referred to around this town as POGO.  The uncensored version of the report appeared on POGO's Web site on June 4, 2013. Ten days later, the IG's office reacted by finally issuing a censured version of the report. If POGO had not acted, the report might never have seen the light of day. It might have been pigeonholed for good.  Immediately after the initial report was issued, Halbrooks launched a hunt for the mole. She wanted to know who leaked the reports to POGO. Extensive interviews were conducted and 33,269 emails were examined, but the leaker was not found.  However, during questioning, Mr. Dan Meyer, the DOD OIG Director of Whistleblowing and Transparency, admitted to giving a copy of the report to Congress. He was one of the many OIG employees who mistakenly believed the uncensored version of the report circulated in late 2012 for final review and clearance was, indeed, final.  He thought it was ready to go out the door. As the Director of Whistleblowing and Transparency, maybe he just thought he was doing his job and being--as every government official ought to be--very transparent because the public's business ought to be public. Around this town, however, that is not always the case.  Mr. Meyer's admission triggered swift and decisive action. He was accused of making false statements, placing his security clearance in jeopardy. This action had the potential of destroying his career. Now, fortunately--and this doesn't happen very often around this town--the new inspector general at the Department of Defense, Jon Rymer, intervened in Mr. Meyer's behalf and blocked those efforts.  The case against Mr. Meyer was very flimsy, though his clearance is still hanging fire. In the end, Mr. Meyer bore the brunt of blame for the POGO leak. The principal targets of the investigation--Panetta, Vickers, and Bash--skated. Mr. Meyer exposed their alleged misconduct, and yet he got hammered. Justice was turned upside down.  What happened during the 22 months between Chairman King's request and June 2013, when the report was finally issued, is a tangled bureaucratic mess. Despite exhaustive questioning, a satisfactory explanation hasn't been given. What I have presented today is just a brief summary of the facts and analysis laid out in greater detail in a staff report that I released today.  In that report my staff identified potential red flags pertaining to the way the Office of the Inspector General handled the ``Zero Dark Thirty'' report. These were boiled down to nine conclusions that fell into four broad categories: No. 1, impairment of IG independence and lack of commitment to the spirit and intent of the IG act; No. 2, weak leadership; No. 3, mismanagement; and No. 4, waste of time and taxpayers' money.  The staff findings suggest that some corrective action may be justified, including an appropriate measure of accountability. If misconduct and/or mismanagement occurred, then Deputies Lynne Halbrooks and James Ives, both of whom led the ``Zero Dark Thirty'' project, would appear to be chiefly responsible for whatever happened.  It is also recommended that the longstanding department policy--which earlier I told you I disagreed with--of censoring sensitive information from reports not be applied to cases involving alleged misconduct by top officials because agency heads and their senior deputies should be held to a higher standard. They should be subjected to greater public scrutiny. This policy needs review and possible modification.  When all is said and done, the proof is, of course, in the pudding, as they say. What good came from this effort? Its true value is reflected in the end product, the highly sanitized report that was finally issued June 14, 2013, 6 months after it was finished. I believe that it is a second-class piece of workthat is not worth the paper that it is written on.  Even Halbrooks seems to agree that the report's face value is close to zero. This is what she said during an interview with my staff. She said that once Ives removed all the derogatory information on Panetta and Vickers, the report was no longer interesting or important to me--meaning her--and it just dropped off my radar screen--and words to that effect. She was talking about the report issued June 14, 2013.  Halbrooks is correct about the value of the report, but she is dead wrong about her responsibility as IG for the unfinished report. At that point, she appears to have lost sight of her core mission as the inspector general.  The report was about alleged misconduct by her boss, the Secretary of Defense. It was requested by the chairman of the House oversight committee, Mr. King.  She had a solemn duty to put it back on her radar screen and keep it there--front and center--until it was fixed. Once it was ready and up to standard, she should have presented it proudly and enthusiastically to the Congress and the Secretary of Defense--and done it properly and in restricted format, if necessary.  This project was an unmitigated disaster spawned by a series of top-level missteps and blunders. All the wasted energy and blundering produced nothing better than internal confusion, turmoil, dissent, and more alleged misconduct.  Two years's worth of hard work and money was more or less poured down a rat hole. To make matters far worse, a valued employee was threatened with termination. This person has unique and unparalleled knowledge of whistleblowing and a rock-solid commitment to fair treatment of whistleblowers.  Were it not for Inspector General Rymer, he would be out on the street this very day. Halbrooks' search for the mole was misguided.  The inspector general's office needs strong leadership that has the courage to tell it like it is and to report wrongdoing promptly to agency heads and even Congress with recommendations for corrective action. When the Secretary and the Under Secretary stand accused of misconduct, as in this case, the IG should double down and ensure public accountability. Thus far in this matter there has been none because truth was hidden behind a questionable policy that may have been abused.  There is an excellent case in point from just a few years back. Deputy Secretary of Defense and CIA Director John Deutsch allegedly mishandled highly classified information and got hammered for doing so. He lost his security clearance for 6 years and came very close to prosecution. Unlike this case--the ``Zero Dark Thirty'' leaks--the John Deutsch matter was dealt with effectively and it was aired publicly.  The ``Zero Dark Thirty'' model was wasteful of the taxpayers' money, it was harmful to morale, and harmful to the perceived independence of the IG's office. It should be used as an educational tool to teach Office of Inspector General employees in any department of government how not to conduct investigations of alleged misconduct by senior officials.  I yield the floor.  