Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Response Act. Just as the horrendous terrorist attacks of September 11th brought home to Americans the cruel face of hate, fanaticism, and outright evil and the need to wage war on international terrorism, so the anthrax attacks have brought home to us our vulnerability to bioterrorism attacks on our homefront.  What was perhaps an abstract concern has become very, very real. I have traveled home to my district every week since September 11th, and I have heard the real fear in mothers' and fathers' voices and in the questions children ask me when I visit with them in their schools. Will we be ready should our communities suffer anthrax or smallpox attacks? Will we have the vaccines and antibiotics we need? Will emergency response teams and emergency medical services be ready to swing quickly into action? Will our health professionals be trained to recognize symptoms and quickly communicate suspicious outbreaks?  While home in Michigan, I have also met with emergency response teams at the local and state levels. While they are doing their best to prepare coordinated responses to worst-case scenarios, they need better tools--better weapons in their armories--to meet the threat of bioterrorist attacks.  Enacting the comprehensive, bipartisan bill before us today will go a long way in giving my local communities, my state, and this nation the tools and infrastructure needed to assure individuals and families and communities across the nation that we will have the strongest possible defense against potential acts and the ability to respond quickly and effectively should an attack nevertheless succeed.  Specifically, this bill will provide the funds necessary to substantially upgrade the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's laboratories, facilities and communications capacities, as well as our state and local public health department's capabilities. It will create a national stockpile of vaccines, biologics, drugs, and medical devices to meet the health security needs of our people. The bill recognizes the enormous challenges that not only the CDC, but also the Food and Drug Administration must meet if we are to be prepared with sufficient vaccines and effective antibiotics. It provides the FDA with the authorities needed to meet those challenges without compromising public health. This bill will also slam shut some gaping loopholes in our regulation of the possession of chemical and biological agents that could be used to launch attacks. And it provides comprehensive protection for our drinking water and food supplies.  I am proud, not only as a Member of Congress, but also as a husband and father and community leader to be an original cosponsor of the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Response Act of 2001. With the passage and enactment of this bill, we can say ``YES'' when a parent, a student, or a local community leader asks us if we are prepared for bioterrorism.  