Speaker, on behalf of all of the physicians and other health professionals in my District who provide care to Medicare beneficiaries and on behalf of the beneficiaries themselves, I rise to express my strong support for H.R. 3391, the Medicare Regulatory and Contracting Reform Act of 2001. I am honored to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan, common-sense bill that will provide much-needed regulatory relief and greater program fairness, clarity, and transparency.  From what I have been hearing for years now in my meetings with Medicare beneficiaries and health care providers across my District, the current program is simply not working well. Beneficiaries and health professionals often don't know if services will be covered, leading some beneficiaries to forgo needed care. It can take months--and mounds of paperwork--just to get paid for health care services. I've seen the inch-thick paperwork that can be required just to document one claim.  Doctors and other health professionals feel that they are practicing with a sword over their heads. The rules and regulations are so complex that the Medicare intermediaries and carriers all too often give conflicting advice and guidance. Regulations and guidance change so frequently that it is difficult to know what the rules are at any one time, and what they will be tomorrow. Making a simple mistake in coding or misunderstanding a program requirement, health professionals fear, could well open to a fraud charge. If a claim is denied, it can take several years to go through the current process for appealing that denial. Doctors are so frustrated with the program that they are retiring early, and some beneficiaries are having a hard time finding doctors willing to take them as patients once they turn 65.  The Medicare Regulatory and Contracting Reform Act will give the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services the direction and flexibility needed to streamline the regulatory and contracting processes. It will provide strong incentives for intermediaries and carriers to be responsive to beneficiaries and health professionals. It will provide additional resources for provider education. One provision that could be particularly helpful for both beneficiaries and providers will test the effectiveness of placing Medicare experts in local Social Security offices so that questions and concerns can be addressed in a timely, accurate way. And when disputes do arise, Administrative Law Judges specifically trained in Medicare law and regulation will hear the cases.  These are just a few of the reforms in this comprehensive, much-needed bill.  