Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 496, the Independent Telecommunications Consumer Enhancement Act of 2001. This legislation provides common sense regulatory relief that will enable small and mid-size telephone companies to respond to competition in their service territories.  For too long, telephone companies have been saddled with unnecessary and burdensome regulations that increase the costs associated with providing phone service. The current regulatory framework for incumbent local exchange carriers is, to say the least, antiquated.  Too often, the FCC imposes one-size-fits-all rules on all carriers, neglecting to take into account the size of carriers and the difference in the level of competition faced by carriers that serve disparate geographic regions. Reports must be filed that are rarely, if ever, read probably by FCC staff, reports that literally cost millions and millions of dollars and certainly countless man-hours to compile.  The FCC also imposes rigid rules on the types of price regulation that small and mid-size carriers may, in fact, elect. These rigid rules prevent a carrier from electing different regulatory treatment for different parts of its territory, even if the carrier serves distinctive regions of a State or the country, and the costs to provide such service in these regions is simply not the same.  The FCC's rules also do not give small and mid-size carriers the flexibility to offer discounts to reflect competitive conditions in their service territory.  Mr. Speaker, one final area that the bill addresses concerns the process through which the FCC issues decisions on mergers and waivers of the Commission's rules. Mr. Speaker, this process takes way too long. Mergers of small and mid-size carriers, or the acquisition of one of these carriers of access lines belonging to a large carrier, should be decided within 60 days. Requests for waivers or reconsideration of the commission's rules governing the activities of small and mid-size companies should not take longer than 90 days. Both of these timetables give the FCC plenty of time to make the review.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to reiterate that this bill provides common sense relief to those incumbent local exchange carriers that possess fewer than 2 percent of the Nation's access lines.  I commend in particular the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. Cubin), my good friend and colleague, for authoring this legislation again; and I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  