Chairman, I would join my Michigan Republican colleagues who have spoken in support of this amendment, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Camp) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Hoekstra), also in support of the amendment.  Some say that this is a safe process, slant drilling. Well, I have to say that I am not convinced that the science, in fact, will protect us. No one has ever suggested that the oil perhaps underneath the Great Lakes is an Arab oil field. It will not provide a lot of oil under anyone's estimation. So why should we take the risk?  I grew up on the shores of Lake Michigan, and I can remember as a young boy in the 1960s and even into the 1970s there in fact had been an oil spill on the southern shore of Lake Michigan, and I will say virtually every day, every day in St. Joe, Benton Harbor, my hometown and along the southern shore of Lake Michigan, anyone that went to the beach got oil from the sand on themselves. I do not think there was a house along the street that did not have a little bottle of Mr. Clean on the kitchen step, which was the only stuff that would take that oil off our clothes, off our shoes, name it.  That smell of Mr. Clean stays with me from this day, from those summer days of always getting oil on our feet.  One of the first pieces of legislation I passed as a young Member of this House was oil-spill legislation. I remember almost a catastrophic event in Bay City, Michigan, that would have destroyed, I think, the ecosystem of the Great Lakes for decades, if not more than 100 years.  This is a Great Lakes watershed area that is not like someplace else. When the oil is there, it stays there and it stays there for a long time.  I support this amendment. It is bipartisan. For those of us that have districts along the Great Lakes, I think that all of us, I would hope, would support it. After all, we know our Great Lakes area better than just about anybody else.  This is a wise amendment. I support the amendment. I would hope that my colleagues would also vote for this when we take it up tomorrow. I appreciate the bipartisanship that it certainly has, and I would just compliment my colleagues in support of this amendment to make sure that, in fact, we do not have oil spills throughout the Great Lakes.  