 United Nations officials and aid experts      warn that this could become the worst famine the world has      seen in a generation.  ``The risk of a major catastrophe is very high,'' Mark Lowcock, the United Nations humanitarian chief, told me. ``In the worst case, what we have in Yemen now has the potential to be worse than anything any professional in this field has seen during their working lives.''  Nicholas Kristof continues:       What is most infuriating is that the hunger is caused not      by drought or extreme weather, but by cynical and failed      policies in Riyadh and Washington. The starvation does not      seem to be an accidental byproduct of war, but rather a      weapon in it. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates,      backed by the United States, are trying to inflict pain to      gain leverage over and destabilize the Houthi rebels. The      reason: The Houthis are allied with Iran.  He continues:       The problem in Yemen is not so much a shortage of food as      it is an economic collapse--GDP has fallen in half since the      war started--that has left people unable to afford food.  Kristof continues, and I want you to hear this:       We think of war casualties as men with their legs blown      off. But in Yemen the most common war casualties are children      like Fawaz who suffer malnutrition.  He continues:       Some will die. Even the survivors may suffer lifelong brain      damage. A majority of Yemen children are now believed to be      physically stunted from malnutrition.  Let me repeat that:       A majority of Yemen children are now believed to be      physically stunted from malnutrition (46 percent were stunted      even before the war), and physical stunting is frequently      accompanied by diminished brain development.  ``These children are the future of Yemen,'' Dr. Aida Hussein, a nutrition specialist, told me, looking at Fawaz. ``He will be stunted. How will he do in school?''       The war and lack of health care facilities have also led to      outbreaks of deadly diseases like diphtheria and cholera.      Half of the country's clinics and hospitals are closed.  That was written by Nick Kristof of the New York Times.  The fact of the matter is that the United States, with very little media attention, has been Saudi Arabia's partner in this horrific war. We have been providing the bombs the Saudi-led coalition has been using, refueling their planes before they drop those bombs, and assisting with intelligence.  In too many cases, our weapons are being used to kill civilians. In August, it was an American-made bomb that obliterated a schoolbus full of young boys, killing dozens and wounding many others. A CNN report found evidence that American weapons have been used in a string of such deadly attacks on civilians since the war began.  According to the independent monitoring group, Yemen Data Project, between 2015 and March 2018, more than 30 percent of the Saudi-led coalition's targets have been nonmilitary.  A few weeks ago, I met with several brave human rights activists from Yemen in my office. They had come to urge Congress to put a stop to this war. They told me, clearly, when Yemenis see ``Made in USA'' on the bombs that are killing them, it tells them the USA is responsible for this war, and that is the sad truth.  The bottom line is, the United States should not be supporting a catastrophic war led by a despotic regime with a dangerous and irresponsible military policy.  Some have suggested that Congress moving to withdraw support from this war would undermine U.N. efforts to reach a peace agreement, but I would argue that the exact opposite is true. It is the promise of unconditional U.S. support for the Saudis that have undermined the efforts toward peace. We have evidence for this.  Just yesterday, we received news that U.N. Special Envoy Martin Griffiths made a breakthrough agreement for the exchange in that war of some 15,000 prisoners--a significant development. This is an important step in building the necessary trust for a broader peace agreement.  A piece published today in TRT World observes: ``[T]here seems to be a firmer willingness to reach an agreement than in previous talks, as the Yemeni government realises that the international pressure on its backer, Saudi Arabia, is growing.''  So our effort to move this resolution forward may have already made a positive impact. I thank all of my 18 cosponsors and all of the many civil society organizations--progressive and conservative--who have worked so hard to raise awareness of this horrific conflict.  Above and beyond the humanitarian crisis, this war has been a disaster for our national security and for the security of the region. The administration defends our engagement in Yemen by overstating Iranian support for the Houthi rebels. Let me be clear. Iran's support for Houthis is of serious concern for me, and I believe for all of us, but the fact is, the relationship between Iran and the Houthis has only been strengthened with the intensification of the war. This war is creating the very problem the Trump administration claims it wants to solve.  Further, the war is also undermining the broader effort against violent extremists. A 2016 State Department report found the conflict has helped al-Qaida and ISIS ``deepen their inroads across much of the country.'' This war, as I see it, is both a humanitarian and a strategic disaster.  Further--and I think it is important to state what everybody knows, although we don't talk about it terribly often--Saudi Arabia is a despotic regime, controlled by one family, the Saud family, one of the wealthiest and most powerful families on Earth.  In a 2017 report by the Cato Institute--a conservative think tank--Saudi Arabia was ranked 149th out of 159 countries for freedom and human rights. For decades, the Saudis have funded schools, mosques, and preachers who promote an extreme form of Islam known as Wahhabism.  In Saudi Arabia today, women are not treated as second-class citizens; they are treated as third-class citizens. Women still need, in the year 2018, the permission of a male guardian to go to school or to get a job. They have to follow a strict dress code and can be stoned to death for adultery or flogged for spending time in the company of a man who is not their relative.  Earlier this year, Saudi activist, Loujain al-Hathloul, a leader in the fight for women's rights in Saudi Arabia, was kidnapped from Abu Dhabi andforced to return to the country. She is currently being held without charges. The same is true of many other Saudi political activists.  Human Rights Watch recently reported that imprisoned women activists have been subjected to torture, including electric shocks, and other forms of physical and sexual assault.  Further, as every Member of the Senate knows or should know, there is now overwhelming evidence that Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman was responsible for the brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi, a Saudi dissident who lived in the United States. He was a columnist for the Washington Post. He made the mistake of going into the Saudi consulate in Turkey and never came out alive. We believe his body was dismembered, and nobody knows where it is.  Unbelievably, President Trump continues--despite the overwhelming evidence of the Crown Prince's involvement in the murder of a man living in the United States, a Saudi dissident journalist--to proclaim his love and affection for the Crown Prince and the Saudi regime, but that is not how, in my view, the American people feel.  For too many years, American men and women in our military have put their lives on the line in the never-ending struggle for democracy and human rights, and we cannot and must not turn their struggles, their sacrifices aside in order to follow the military adventurism of a despotic regime. That is not what this country is supposed to be about.  Finally, an issue that has long been a concern to many of us--conservatives and progressives--is that this war has not been authorized by Congress and is therefore unconstitutional. Article I of the Constitution clearly states it is Congress, not the President, that has the power to send our men and women into war--Congress, not the President.  The Framers of our Constitution, the Founders of this country, gave the power to declare war to Congress--the branch most accountable to the people--not to the President, who is often isolated from the reality of what is taking place in our communities.  The truth is--and Democratic and Republican Presidents are responsible, and Democratic and Republican Congresses are responsible--that for many years, Congress has not exercised its constitutional responsibility over whether our young men and women go off to war.  I think there is growing sentiment all over this country from Republicans, from Democrats, from Independents, from progressives, and from conservatives that right now, Congress cannot continue to abdicate its constitutional responsibility.  I believe we have become far too comfortable with the United States engaging in military interventions all over the world. We have now been in Afghanistan for over 17 years--the longest war in American history. Our troops are now in Syria under what I believe are questionable authorities. The time is long overdue for Congress to reassert its constitutional role in determining when and where our country goes to war.  If you want to vote for a war, vote for a war. If you want to vote against a war, vote against a war, but we as a Congress have to accept our constitutional responsibility; that it is ours, not the Presidents of the United States.  This resolution provides that opportunity. It finally says that in this one war in Yemen--this terrible, horrific war--that Congress is prepared to act, and I hope very much that all of us will seize this opportunity.  For the sake of starving children in Yemen; for the sake of what this country stands for in terms of democracy and human rights and not following the leadership of a despotic, authoritarian regime; for the sake of the U.S. Constitution and the fact that it is Congress and not the President who has the authority to make war; for all of these reasons and more, I ask strong support for this important resolution.  With that, I yield the floor.  