 President, I rise to speak about a matter of extraordinary importance to the future of American democracy and, in fact, democracies all over the world. At the Helsinki summit on Monday, President Trump embarrassed our country, undermined American values, and openly sided with Russia's authoritarian leader, Vladimir Putin, against the U.S. intelligence community's unanimous assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 Presidential election.  Senator John McCain is right when he said: It was--       [It was] one of the most disgraceful performances by an      American president in memory. The damage inflicted by      President Trump's naivete, egotism, false equivalence, and      sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate. But it is      clear that the summit in Helsinki was a tragic mistake.  That is not Bernie Sanders talking. That is former Republican Presidential candidate Senator John McCain.  On Tuesday, after a strong international backlash, Trump, in a bizarre statement, claimed he misspoke and, of course, blamed the media for reporting what he said, even then he could not help but suggest that the electoral interference ``could be other people also'' and not just Russia.  In an interview last night, Trump changed his answer yet again and acknowledged, in the meekest way possible, that, yes, Russia meddled in our election, and, as the leader of Russia, Vladimir Putin is responsible.  This is a step forward, but it is not remotely sufficient. Who knows what tweet the President will release tomorrow? He seems to come up with a new response every few hours.  Today, we face an unprecedented situation of a President who, for whatever reason, refuses to acknowledge the full scope of the threat to American democracy. Either he really doesn't understand what is happening--and that is possible--or he is under Russian influence because of compromising information that they may have on him or because he is ultimately more sympathetic to Russia's authoritarian oligarchic form of government than he is to American democracy.  Whatever the reason, Congress must act now. Democrats must act and Republicans must act if we are serious about preserving American democracy. We must demand--and I know this is a radical idea--that the President of the United States represent the interests of the American people and not Russia.  Let us be as clear as we can be. Russia has been interfering not only in U.S. elections but in the elections of other democracies--the United Kingdom, France, Germany.  I yield to the Democratic leader.  