 President, the resolution that we will soon be voting on is really very simple. It has two basic points. Point No. 1, I and the 14 other cosponsors of this resolution believe that under the definitions laid out in the 1973 War Powers Resolution, U.S. forces have been introduced into the Saudi-led war in Yemen, a war which is causing a humanitarian disaster.  I would say to my good friend Senator Corker, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, that this war has been going on for 3 years. Some 10,000 civilians in Yemen are dead and 40,000 have been wounded. A million are dealing with cholera right now, and millions have been displaced. You come tonight on the floor and you say: We are going to hold a hearing. That is good, but it is 3 years too late.  The issue that we are dealing with right now is whether or not the U.S. Senate and the U.S. Congress accepts its constitutional responsibility on the issues of war. This is not a complicated issue, and I don't think anybody here disagrees. Article I, section 8, of the Constitution says not that the President can make war and send our young people into harm's way. It is the Congress of the United States that should make war.  Our role now in Yemen working with the Saudi-led intervention there is one of hostilities under the War Powers Resolution of the United States. It is not just my view on this. As many may know here--as I suspect the chairman of the committee knows--last November, by a vote of 366 to 30, the U.S. House of Representatives agreed with the essence of what Senator Lee and I are trying to do, and the House passed a nonbinding resolution stating that U.S. involvement in the Yemen civil war is unauthorized. Every Member of the Democratic leadership voted for that, as did the Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Ed Royce.  An editorial in the New York Times today states:       The United States initially deployed forces to combat Al      Qaeda in Yemen under post-Sept. 11 congressional      authorization measures. But Congress never specifically      approved military involvement in the Saudi-Houthi war even      though the Constitution and the 1973 War Powers Act give      lawmakers a role.  The New York Times:       For too long, Congress has abdicated its role as America      prolonged its stay in some wars and expanded into others. And      presidents have been too reluctant to share these crucial      decisions with lawmakers. Resolutions like this--  The one we are debating--     can and must force serious debate and accountability.  I say this to my friend the chairman: I think now of the two major foreign policy disasters that have taken place in our lifetime--No. 1, the war in Vietnam. In that war--a Democratic administration under an otherwise very good President, Lyndon Johnson--he and the Secretary of Defense misled and lied to the American people with regard to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution. That is now established fact as a result of declassified information. The United States got sucked into that war, and my generation--the young men of my generation--suffered so terribly. Over 60,000 died, and many others came home wounded in body and in spirit. The U.S. Congress abdicated its responsibility at that point in 1964.  Fifteen years ago--oddly enough, on this day--there was the war in Iraq, under a Republican administration, and the administration lied to the American people again. Where was Congress getting the facts? We had theVice President of the United States: Oh, Saddam Hussein is building weapons of mass destruction. There is a connection between Saddam Hussein and Iraq and the 9/11 perpetrators.  It was a lie. It was a lie. Mistakenly, Congress voted to approve the war based on false information.  So what I say today is that it is time for the Congress to accept its constitutional responsibility. I don't know how well we will do. Maybe we will screw it up as well. It is very possible. But that is what the Founding Fathers suggested, and I think they were right. We are closer to the people--the House and the Senate--than is the White House, this White House or any other White House.  So there are two issues today. Do we accept our constitutional responsibility to vote on matters of war? I would suggest that every Member of the Senate vote yes. Don't duck your responsibility. Don't abdicate your responsibility. Second of all, this war in Yemen, in my view, has been a humanitarian disaster as a result of Saudi intervention. But the most important vote is, do we actually have a vote on whether American troops are involved in the war in Yemen?  I hope very much we will vote against Senator Corker's motion to table, and I hope that after we do that, we will vote for the resolution that says it is time for the United States to get out of Yemen.  Thank you.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Johnson). The Senator from Tennessee.  