Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio which would mandate labeling of foods derived from biotechnology. The amendment which purports to strengthen consumer choice is not only out of order but actually limits consumer choice. I say that based on a couple of realities. One, that the labeling in Europe has resulted in stores taking these foods off the shelf and off the counter because of the potential fear that something must be wrong with these foods if they do label. It establishes an unnecessary warning, I think of little relevance to the public, about food products that three U.S. regulatory agencies, dozens of scientific societies, and literally thousands of researchers have found just as safe and maybe safer than essentially all the food we eat.  Except for a couple of fish products, everything in that grocery store has been genetically modified, genetically modified by crossbreeding, hybrid breeding. Sometimes that kind of breeding has resulted in greater danger to the public than a more sophisticated high-tech ability to separate out one or two genes, knowing the characteristics of those genes, and then transplanting those genes. Rather than the average agricultural plant that has up to 25,000 genes, when you crossbreed them, you do not know what genes are going to dominate, you do not know what kind of genes are going to be mutated. So the new technology in the minds of many scientists is much safer.  I think it is important that we do not inhibit the sale and production of these foods. We already have 1,000 products genetically modified, approved, that are on the market. We have three regulatory agencies overseeing it.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, which would mandate labeling of foods derived from biotechnology. The amendment, which purports to strengthen consumer choice, not only is out of order but in reality it limits consumer choice. It is an attack on food products produced with the new technology. It establishes an unnecessary warning of little relevance to the public about food products that three U.S. regulatory agencies, dozens of scientific societies, and literally thousands of researchers have found just as safe--and maybe safer--than essentially all foods we eat. Most everything in the grocery store has been produced using gene transfer by traditional crossbreeding methods. It is therefore crucial that we not reduce efforts in our regulatory agencies to assure that all foods are safe which is compromised when we pay special attention to a particular category of food.  On April 13, 2000, I issued a Chairman's report on plant genomics and agricultural biotechnology. This report was the culmination of three hearings I held on the issue as Chairman of the Subcommittee on Basic Research, at which some of the Nation's leading scientists testified. One of the issues I dealt with in some detail in the report was mandatory labeling.  What I found is that there is no scientific justification for labeling foods based on the method by which they are produced. Labeling of agricultural biotechnology products would confuse, not inform, consumers and send a misleading message on safety.  The Food and Drug Administration has more than 15 years of experience in evaluating the food-based products of biotechnology and more than 20 years of experience with medical products of biotechnology. FDA's decision not to require labeling is consistent both with the law and with its ``Statement of Policy: Foods Derived from New Plant Varieties.'' More to the point, consumers have a lifetime of direct personal experience withfoods genetically modified through hybridization and other means that are indistinguishable from those produced using biotechnology.  FDA bases labeling decisions on whether there are material differences between the new plant-based food and its traditional counterpart. These material differences include changes in the new plant that are significant enough that the common or usual name of the plant no longer applies, or if a safety or usage issue exists that warrants consumer notification.  Despite this sensible policy, biotechnology's critics continue to argue that foods created using recombinant DNA techniques should bear a label revealing that fact. This view is based on large part on the faulty supposition that the potential for unintended and undetected differences between these foods and those produced through conventional means is cause for a label based solely on the method of production of the plant.  The risks for potentially unintended effects of agricultural biotechnology on the safety of new plant-based foods are conceptually no different than the risks for those plants derived from conventional breeding. As described in FDA's Statement of Policy, ``The agency is not aware of any information showing that foods derived by these new methods differ from other food in any meaningful or uniform way, or that, as a class, foods developed by the new techniques present any different or greater safety concern than foods developed by traditional plant breeding.'' This view was echoed by the research scientists who testified before the Subcommittee on the subject.  Indeed, there is a genuine fear that labeling biotech foods based on their method of production would be the equivalent of a ``skull and crossbones''--that the very presence of a label would indicate to the average consumer that safety risks exist, when the scientific evidence shows that they do not. Labeling advocates who argue otherwise are being disingenuous. The United Kingdom's new mandatory labeling law, for example, was put forward ostensibly to enhance consumer choice. Instead, it has prompted British food producers and retailers to remove all recombinant DNA constituents from the products they sell to avoid labeling.  Mr. Chairman, mandatory labels indicating the method of genetic manipulation clearly would be extremely confusing, and of little relevance, to consumers. FDA's current policy on labeling is scientifically and legally sound and should be maintained. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  