Mr. Chairman, as Chairman of both the Helsinki Commission and the House International Relations Subcommittee on Foreign Operations and Human Rights, I am particularly supportive of many portions of this Foreign Operations bill for Fiscal Year 2001. The section on ``Assistance to Eastern Europe and the Baltic States'' is oneof the items in which I have a strong interest. This assistance has made a difference in many countries.  Given the fact that the bill leaves FY 2001 assistance at FY 2000 levels, I want to state that, in southeastern Europe, our priority list should begin with a focus on the need for democratic change to Serbia. The people of Serbia deserve it; right now they are facing a major crackdown by the Milosevic regime on their basic rights and freedoms. Democratic change in Serbia is in the U.S. interest. Building democracy and prosperity throughout the region, including in Kosovo and Bosnia, would then be easier, making our assistance there more effective. Until Milosevic is stopped, we face the possibility of more conflict in the region, and the need for additional millions of dollars for humanitarian aid, reconstruction and possibly military intervention in both a peacemaking and a peacekeeping capacity.  In addition to helping initiate a long-needed democratic transition in Serbia, this assistance could bring support for Montenegro, Macedonia, and Croatia, now that the relatively new governments of these republics have learned the value of embracing multi-ethnic cooperation and tolerance, along with cooperation with the international community. Mr. Chairman, we should prioritize assistance to those who seek to make the right decisions.  I am pleased, Mr. Chairman, that the Committee report language states its support for the funding levels requested by the President for Montenegro, as well as the allocation of $350,000 for an OSCE effort to facilitate contacts with democratic forces in Serbia and Montenegro. In the near future, the International Relations Committee should mark-up similar provisions as part of H.R. 1064, the Serbia and Montenegro Democracy Act of 2000, which I introduced in early March of last year. I thank the Committee for this report language.  