Mr. Speaker, today we honor Pope John Paul II, who in his 20 years as leader of the Catholic Church has become pastor to the world, boldly proclaiming the Gospel--the Good News of Jesus Christ--and its message of love, hope, and reconciliation. The Holy Father walks the path to peace that surpasses understanding, the road that leads to Heaven. How appropriate it is that we honor him with a Congressional Gold Medal, as he just celebrated his eightieth birthday last week. Even after eight decades of doing the Lord's work here on earth, the Pope's charisma and steadfast faith shine brightly, giving hope to millions of people of all faiths.  During his pontificate the Holy Father has made an astonishing 176 visits to 117 different countries, he speaks some eight languages, and has written 13 incisive encyclicals. He is truly a world leader, and an unparalleled champion of those who cannot speak for themselves: the poor, the unborn, those condemned to death, and those whose basic rights as children of God are trampled upon by oppressive regimes. He waged an unrelenting crusade against the forces of atheistic Communism, and continues to preach the message of life, hope, and love amid the oppressive tide of the culture of death. Pope John Paul II's encyclical ``The Gospel of Life'' (Evangelium vitae) reminds all of us--especially those in public service--that the gift of human life is so precious, so full of dignity, that it must remain inviolable and be defended against all manner of violence.  The Pope writes in that important document that:       This is what is happening also at the level of politics and      government: the original and inalienable right to life is      questioned or denied on the basis of a parliamentary vote or      the will of one part of the people--even if it is the      majority. This is the sinister result of a relativism which      reigns unopposed: the ``right'' ceases to be such, because it      is no longer firmly founded on the inviolable dignity of the      person, but is made subject to the will of the stronger part.  And elsewhere in Evangelium vitae Pope John Paul II states in unambiguous terms:       Abortion and euthanasia are thus crimes which no human law      can claim to legitimize. There is no obligation in conscience      to obey such laws; instead there is a grave and clear      obligation to oppose them by conscientious objection . . . In      the case of intrinsically unjust law, such as a law      permitting abortion or euthanasia, it is therefore never      licit to obey it, or to ``take part in a propaganda campaign      in favor of such a law, or vote for it.''  In the Kingdom of God, that civilization of life which John Paul II has so fervently sought to build, there is no place for the systematic killing of unborn children.  My family and I have had the awesome privilege of meeting the Holy Father: in Newark, New Jersey, in the crowd in 1979 at New York's Shea Stadium, and most recently in Guatemala. I have personally witnessed and been inspired on numerous occasions by his power that comes from being so rooted in God, and so devoted to the service of others. Pope John Paul II is truly the Vicar of Christ on earth, a man who has, and continues, to faithfully and courageously walk in the shoes of the Fisherman, Peter.  It is said that the Holy Father has had no personal bank account since being ordained a priest over 50 years ago. He has truly stored up treasure in heaven, and we are all better people for his untiring work here on earth.  