Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment offered by my colleague from New York, which would impose a one-year moratorium on the VA's implementation of the ``Veterans Equitable Resource Allocation.'' VERA, as this funding mechanism is known, was instituted in 1997 as a way to distribute VA resources fairly across the country. But the outcomes since then have not been equitable.  The VERA formula punishes regions like the Northeast and Midwest by calculating need solely on the basis of the number of veterans served--without any regard for the type of individualized or specialized care given to these patients. Veterans in the New York/New Jersey area (which makes up Veterans Integrated Service Network or VISN 3 in my district) for example, are older than former service men and women in other parts of the country. Because age is usually accompanied by more severe health problems, these veterans often require more extensive--and therefore more expensive--care than veterans elsewhere.  In addition, New York/New Jersey veterans have a higher-than-average incidence rate of Hepatitis C (HCV) and AIDS, which we all know are very costly treatments. As the VA continues to make HCV diagnosis and treatment a priority--which it should--the costs associated with these procedures will rise. A March, 1999 one-day prevalence study found that six percent of veterans who were tested for Hepatitis C tested positive; in VISN 3 that number was 13 percent--almost double the national rate. And the going rate for one Hepatitis C treatment cycle, for one patient, is between $15,000 and $20,000. Yet the VERA formula does not factor this treatment cost into its allocation.  Finally, with the migration of veterans to the Sunbelt, those remaining in regions like the Northeast and Midwest often lack the money, if not physical condition, to move to a warmer climate. VERA should not penalize these neediest of veterans for remaining where they are.  Mr. Chairman, the VERA issue is more than just abstract numbers and percentages on paper. For regions like VISN 3, the Veterans Equitable Resource Allocation formula has not been equitable, and it has resulted in serious delays in health care delivery for area veterans. It has also forced these veterans to live under the fear that crucial specialty services offered by facilities like the VA clinic in Brick, New Jersey--located in my district--could be slashed. This nearly happened two years ago, when the VA responded to VERA-imposed budget cuts by seeking to close the clinic. I am still grateful for the efforts of Monmouth and Ocean County veterans who fought side by side with me to keep the facility open. If the Brick clinic were unable to provide rheumatology, podiatry, and a range of other services, these veterans would have had to take much longer drives for desperately needed treatment.  As the vice chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I have questioned VA officials about the VERA system, and the explanations I have received are not satisfactory. The solution is to adopt the Hinchey amendment and force the VA to halt the VERA formula, so that we can measure the full impact of this questionable system on veterans nationwide.  