Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe--the Helsinki Commission--I fully support this resolution.  Ten years ago, a waive of political pluralism swept East-Central Europe, including Croatia and the other republics of the former Yugoslavia. Multi-party elections and open expression of political views allowed those unhappy with the existing Yugoslav federation to work for change in their government. Unfortunately but not unexpectedly, nationalism was a strong part of this effort, in part to enhance the power of certain leaders and the ruling circles around them. That is exactly what Franjo Tudjman and his Croatian Democratic Community, or HDZ, did in Croatia.  The people of Croatia wanted change, including independence, and they had to endure hardships for it. First, the 1991 conflict left thousands dead and hundreds of thousands displaced as Serb militants occupied major portions of the country. The retaking of this territory in 1995 led to further displacements. Subsequently, until 1999 those in power in Croatia fanned the flames of nationalism, evident not only in the unwillingness to allow Serbs from Croatia to return, but in the efforts, sometimes violent, to form a Croatian enclave in neighboring Bosnia-Herzegovina. For Those who disagree with this nationalist approach, the authorities marginalized them with controls on society, especially in the media.  As Croatian citizens grew confident in their country's independence and stability, however,they opted not for nationalism, isolation and corruption, but for democracy, tolerance and economic progress. They had enough of the past; they wanted to move forward. This was reflected in the strong turnout for the parliamentary and presidential elections held earlier this year, and in the results of those elections.  Croatia has now been accepted as a member of NATO's Partnership for Peace. It is moving forward in its quest to be integrated fully into European affairs. The prospects for the return of displaced Serbs originally from Croatia has increased, along with cooperation with the International Tribunal prosecuting war crimes and the international community's regional efforts as a whole.  As I have been critical of developments in Croatia in the past, now I must join those who welcome the progress that has fully been made. We should, of course, monitor the situation closely, to make sure the promises made by the new Croatian leadership are kept. At the same time, we should also encourage Croatia by acknowledging positive movement when we see it.  