Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. I am very proud to be a cosponsor of this resolution introduced by my good friend, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hall), whose commitment to human rights and humanitarian principles is well known. The resolution celebrates the 50th anniversary of the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the UNHCR. It commends the UNHCR on its good work over the years and congratulates the present High Commissioner, Dr. Ogata, who will be retiring in December. The Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights made minor technical changes to the legislation and reported it favorably to the full committee which reported it out last week.  As the resolution rightly points out, it is important that the UNHCR never forget that the heart of its mandate is protection. Donor countries including a major donor, the United States, often forget this. Our own contribution to refugee protection around the world is about 20 percent lower than it was just 5 years ago and most other countries have done even worse. Moreover, countries of first asylum, to which refugees have fled from persecution or the fear of persecution, often wish they would go away. And sometimes the brutal regimes from which they fled are only all too happy to get them back. So there is always pressure on the UNHCR to pretend that mass repatriation would be safe when, in fact, it is dangerous or to pretend that repatriation is voluntary when, in fact, the refugees and asylum seekers are given no choice.  Mr. Speaker, we are the subcommittee of jurisdiction on refugee protection. We have had numerous hearings on many parts of the world, including Africa, the Great Lakes region, Rwanda, and I take a back seat to no one and my very good friend the ranking member, the gentlewoman from Georgia (Ms. McKinney), has likewise been there and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) who was the ranker 2 years ago in raising concerns about people being forced back when they had a real fear of persecution and many of those people when forced back have come to a very untimely and unfortunate fate. Occasionally, as in the so-called comprehensive plan of action, for example, asylum seekers from Indochina, the UNHCR in that case yielded to pressure. On these occasions, I and other Members as I have pointed out were among UNHCR's strongest critics. However, on many, many other occasions, the UNHCR has stood for the principle of protection, even at great risk to its own institutional interests. This resolution celebrates those instances of courage, those instances of compassion over the last 50 years and particularly during the stewardship of Dr. Ogata.  I support this resolution and urge my colleagues to support it.  