Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, on Tuesday this House voted 416 to 1 to defend the Vatican from a vicious campaign of anti-Catholic bigotry by major pro-abortion organizations.  The list of groups who seek the Vatican's ouster from the U.N., which includes the International Planned Parenthood Federation based in London, Planned Parenthood Federation of America, and Pathfinder, to name a few, reads like a Who's Who list of groups lavishly subsidized by U.S. taxpayers.  Many of these groups, Mr. Chairman, aggressively promote abortion on demand in foreign countries. Members will recall that about 100 countries around the world protect the lives of their unborn children from the violence of abortion. If only the family planners would stick with family planning alone, we would not be here arguing this issue today.  I think we should make no mistake about it, this debate is about fat subsidies to the abortion industry. This debate is about how Congress dispenses grant money. This is grant money, I say to my colleagues. There is no entitlement spending involved here. This is grant money. This is discretionary funds.  We have an obligation and a duty, I would respectfully submit, to put conditions on if we feel that it is warranted, and many of us, hopefully the majority of us, will feel that it is indeed warranted.  Mr. Chairman, abortion is violence against children. Earlier one of my colleagues talked about human rights. The most fundamental of all human rights is the right to life, to be free from violence. Chemical poisoning a child with a lethal injection or dismembering an unborn child by ripping his or her arms off the body, which is commonplace in abortion, is anything but benign and compassionate. It is violence against children. It is a gross violation of human rights. That is what this is about today.  Members will recall, Mr. Chairman, that the Mexico City policy is named after a U.N. Population Conference held in Mexico City in 1984. It was there that President Reagan announced that he would no longer contribute to organizations that perform or promote abortions. In its most effective and purest form, in place during the Reagan and Bush years, we generously supported family planning but withheld funds from organizations that promote or perform abortions.  The language in this bill is not the full Mexico City policy. I wish it were. The language in this bill is a compromise, and it is current law. From the pro-life perspective, this legislation is far from perfect. Although it begins by incorporating the pro-life Mexico City policy that was in force for 9 years under Presidents Reagan and Bush, it then gives the President the right to waive these conditions for some recipients. If the President chooses to exercise the waiver, up to $15 million in U.S. population assistance can go to foreign organizations that perform or promote abortions overseas.  The good news is that the remaining $370 million of our population assistance must either go to sovereign countries or NGOs that practice genuine family planning and not abortion.  Mr. Chairman, American taxpayers do not want their money going to groups that advertise themselves as family planners but in fact are performers and promoters of abortion around the world. Let us not forget, just a month ago there was a Los Angeles Times poll. It found that among all the women in the United States, when asked the question about abortion, 61 percent, of all women said that abortion was murder.  We hope through this legislation to put a very modest but necessary wall of separation between abortion and family planning, and restrict most U.S. funding of the abortion industry overseas.  Another part of the compromise, Mr. Chairman, transfers $12.5 million to high-impact child survival programs if the President authorizes money for the abortion groups. This provision will have a direct impact on saving children's lives. It will be spent on immunizations for polio and diphtheria, oral rehydration therapy for children at risk of death from diarrhea, and other easily preventable and treatable diseases that currently kill hundreds of thousands of children annually in developing countries.  In other words, this is a moderate, reasonable compromise in which each side gets something but each side also has to give something up.  Frankly, some of us on the pro-life side had seriously considered offering the original Reagan-Bush Mexico City policy. I certainly wanted to do it. I've done so each year since the mid-sixties. But the fact that this is current law--a sustainable compromise--we felt on balance was the best way to proceed. Again, this is a compromise.  This moderate amendment, Mr. Chairman, is already in the bill offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Chairman Callahan). So everyone understands the process, the effect of the Greenwood amendment would be to allow unlimited funding of international abortionists and the abortion lobbyists.  Indeed, the amendment would not only strike the pro-life restrictions, it would eliminate the $385 million cap on U.S. spending for population assistance. This means that the administration could use any amount it wanted from the $1.3 billion development assistance account for taxpayer subsidies to the international abortion industry.  Mr. Chairman, advocates of international abortion rights have once again dredged up the tired old argument that the Mexico City policy is a gag rule that violates free speech. But even if U.S. constitutional provisions applied to foreign organizations doing business on foreign soil, and the U.S. Supreme Court has said that they do not, the fact of the matter is free speech would not give these organizations a right to Federal dollars.  Organizations that represent the United States in foreign countries are analogous to our ambassadors. They are our people on the ground. They are surrogates for U.S. foreign policy. Their advocacy in these countries on issues closely related to the U.S. programs they administer, as well as to their other activities, such as the actual performance of abortions, is highly relevant to whether they can effectively administer these programs.  The United States, I would submit, has no obligation to administer these programs through agents who fundamentally disagree with this goal. For the same reason that we would not hire casino lobbyists to run international anti-gambling campaigns, or a distillery to run an anti-alcohol campaign, it makes no sense to hire abortionists or abortion lobbyists to run programs that they claim are aimed at reducing abortions.  Mr. Chairman, let me just conclude by saying supporters of the Greenwood amendment argue that our family planning grantees should be allowed to perform and promote abortion so long as their abortion-related activities are carried out with ``their own money'' rather than U.S. grant money.  Mr. Chairman, this is a bookkeeping trick. It ignores the fact that money is indeed fungible, and that when we subsidize an organization we inevitably enrich and empower all of its activities, as well as enhancing the domestic and international prestige of the organization by giving an official U.S. seal of approval.  Let me be clear on the important point: The Mexico City policy does not weaken international family planning programs. On the contrary, it strengthens them by ensuring that U.S. funds are directed to those groups that provide family planning but do not perform or promote abortion.  I urge a strong ``no'' on the Greenwood amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  