Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DeMint).  Mr. DeMINT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which would undermine the values in human rights in other countries.  Our current law is designed to prevent taxpayer funds from being used to undermine the values of foreign families by subsidizing organizations which work to undermine pro-life laws that are already in place. This proposed amendment would change this good law.  As legislators, we have the tremendous responsibility of being in charge of other people's money. The dollars we spend do not belong to us. They are the result of hard work of people throughout this land. How we spend these dollars is a decision which is entrusted to us with the effects reaching all around the globe.  Mr. Chairman, Americans value human life, and how we spend our dollars reflects these values. We work to end violence and bring peace throughout the world and promote women's health. Yet, without the foreign family value protections that are in our current law, we would be asking the United States taxpayer to subsidize organizations from the international abortion industry.  Organizations who actively lobby to overturn laws that protect the unborn in other countries do not deserve the subsidies of the United States taxpayers. We support life and health, not death and destruction.  Laws which recognize the sanctity of human life and restrict abortions are currently in place in approximately 100 countries throughout the world.  If this amendment passes, laws that protect unborn children in countries like the Philippines, Nepal, Ghana could be in jeopardy because organizations which promote abortion abroad and lobby to change pro-life laws will be receiving funding from United States taxpayers.  Mr. Chairman, abortion is already a hotly debated topic at home. There is certainly no agreement here. But with no agreement here at home, how can we use taxpayer dollars to try to change laws about abortion in other lands. This makes no sense.  This is not about poor people doing family planning. This is about giving taxpayer dollars to men and women in suits and skirts who are lobbying to change laws that reflect the values of other countries.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and support our current law, which honors the values of foreign families and their governments.  