Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I believe that there is no denying a compelling yet somewhat underpublicized trend in America today: Americans in increasing numbers are profoundly disturbed over the killing of unborn children. 40 million babies have been killed to date, and Americans are rejecting in increasing numbers the violence of abortion.  Americans, especially women, recognize that abortion is indeed violence against women. A recent nationwide Los Angeles Times poll, conducted just a few days ago in June, confirms that a significant majority of both men and women now recognize abortion to be the murder of an innocent and defenseless child.  The LA Times poll found that in an astounding 61 percent--let me say that again--61 percent of the women of America say abortion is murder. Giving that finding, it is not surprising that the LA Times poll, a nationwide poll, found that support for Roe v. Wade, the infamous Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion on demand, is declining in a big way.  The headline of the LA Times story that appeared in my newspaper at home, the Trenton Times, said support for Roe v. Wade is softening. I hope as lawmakers and as politicians we recognize this trend that is staring us right in the face.  In addition, the poll also found that only 43 percent of the respondents supported Roe v. Wade, and that compares with 56 percent back in 1991. In other words, my colleagues, there has been a 13 percent drop in support for Roe v. Wade over the last 10 years.  Mr. Chairman, the word is getting out: Abortion is violence against children, and it hurts women. The inherent value and worth of a baby is in no way diminished because the child's mother happens to be incarcerated.  Children, I believe, are precious beyond words. The lives of their mothers, likewise, are of infinite value. Forcing taxpayers to subsidize the killing of an incarcerated woman's child makes pro-life Americans accomplices, complicit in the violence against children.  Mr. Chairman, I urge a very strong no on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I think we have got to face the truth, a truth that this poll clearly suggests: abortion, whether it be dismemberment or the killing of a child by way of injections of salt poisoning which literally burns that child to death--we have to look at the methods and the act of abortion itself. What does it entail? High powered suction machines, 20 to 30 times as powerful as a vacuum cleaner, with razor blade tipped ends that slice and dismember the legs, the arms, the body, the head, and kill the baby in a very, very cruel fashion. That is the reality that the DeGette amendment says we ought to pay for.  I, like many Americans, profoundly reject that. Let me also point out that the poll showed as well most Americans do not want their tax money being used to subsidize abortions.  We have had, I say to my colleagues, this amendment before us before. It has been soundly rejected. I hope that we will have the wisdom of those previous votes. Hopefully we will look at the way the polls are going, because Americans are waking up. The megatrend, if you will, is in favor of life.  Let us enfranchise both mother and baby, let us provide protection for both. Vote against this amendment, it will lead to more killing of more babies.  