Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of House Joint Resolution 86, which recognizes the 50th anniversary of the Korean War. I thank my colleague Congressman Tom Ewing for introducing this legislation and for helping to bring it to the House floor today.  The resolution seeks to end the Korean War's unfortunate status as the ``Forgotten War.'' We must never, ever forget the more than 90,000 veterans who were wounded in combat between 1950-1953. We must never, ever forget the 54,000 who died in a just and righteous cause. We must never, ever forget the more than 8,000 men who are still unaccounted for--missing in action. We must also never forget the immense sacrifices of our allies--particularly the South Korean people themselves. They, too, suffered terribly from the North's invasion.  The resolution we have before us today is a painful, but powerful reminder of the immense sacrifices made by the 5.72 million Americans who bravely responded to the call of duty. We are all personally grateful for their service and their many sacrifices. Ensuring that the 50th anniversary Korean War is appropriately recognized is the least we can do to honor these brave Americans.  Beyond recognizing the sacrifices made in blood, sweat and tears, we must also remember how pivotal the Korean War was to halting the spread of Communism worldwide. The sacrifices made by American soldiers on battlefields and mountains of the Korean peninsula helped make the containment of Communism, and its eventual demise, a reality some four decades later. Reflecting on the conflicts of the 20th Century, Communism along with Nazism will certainly go down as one of the great stains on humanity's soul. Communism was responsible for more raw bloodshed, misery, and horror than any other single idea in the history of mankind.  The Korean War has many elements and characteristic that are unique to this struggle for freedom. For instance, the dangers from enemy bullets and bayonets was compounded by the extreme weather conditions of the Korean peninsula. In several battles of the Korean War, not only were American troops forced to fend off enemy fire in difficult terrain, but they had to do it sub-zero temperatures. Veterans lost limbs and fingers to frostbite. Others died outright from exposure. Veterans will tell you that nothing saps morale faster than being freezing cold. Yet for many years thereafter, these veterans received no disability rating from the VA that recognized their exposure to these harsh conditions.  During the 105th Congress I introduced legislation to create a presumptive disability for veterans with cold weather injury, to help those veterans of the Korean War and other conflicts receive the treatment and benefits they need and deserve. In response to the bill, the Department of Veterans' Affairs changed its regulations to make them more friendly to veterans who suffered from cold weather injuries. Those whose sacrifices were forgotten were finally being recognized, even if this recognition was long overdue.  One last point. I think it is particularly appropriate that on the 50th anniversary of the Korean War, that we remember the painful lessons of this conflict. There is a lot of feeling among historians that Secretary of State Dean Acheson's failure in January 1950 to clearly delineate South Korea as being within the U.S. defense perimeter in the Pacific lured the Communist Chinese and North Koreans into believing the U.S. would not respond to an invasion. 50 years later, I fear our nation is dangerously close to making the same mistake on the issue of Taiwan. If our nation fails to make it clear to the same Communist Chinese leadership that the United States will respond with decisive military force to any attempt by the People's Republic of China to invade Taiwan, Korean War veterans who went over at age 25 may be in the uniquely painful position of watching their 25 year-old grandchildren pay the price for appeasement once again.  So, I want to thank Congressman Ewing again for introducing this resolution, and especially thank Korean War veterans for their heroic sacrifices.  