Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of our time.  Mr. Chairman, a moment ago we heard the golden rule espoused, ``do unto others as you would have them do unto you.'' Well, let me just suggest that what we are trying to do with our foreign policy is to have a consistent ethic of life, of protecting mothers and babies and not sacrificing the children. To treat ``others'' with respect, dignity and compassion. And that includes unborn babies. You can't cherry pick the gold rule.  Earlier the word brutalizing was used by my friend from Pennsylvania. It is the baby, I would respectfully submit, who is brutalized in an abortion. Again, we are trying to promote a consistent ethic that affirms both mother and child.  I take a back seat to no one, as a Member of this body for the last 20 years, in promoting maternal health care both domestically and abroad. As a member of the Committee on International Relations, I have offered amendments to boost spending to help women be healthier in the developing world.  Earlier, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney) talked about the Mexico City Policy as being antiwoman. Nothing could be further from the truth. This policy is pro-life, pro-mother, and pro-child, and absolutely not antiwoman. Such a charge is absolutely ludicrous. If Mrs. Maloney's charge was accurate, then the majority of the women in America are antiwoman. The LA Times poll that I mentioned earlier, found that 61 percent of all the women in America believe abortion to be murder, 61 percent of the women in America are not antiwoman. It just does not follow logic, and I think hurling such statements at us, it degrades the level and caliber of our debate.  Mr. Chairman, advocates of this pro-abortion amendment keep telling us over and over again that we should subsidize foreign abortionists and abortion lobbyists so long as they do not use U.S. dollars for the actual abortions and the actual lobbying. But this ignores the real effect of subsidizing the international abortion industry. These groups are the partners and the representatives of the U.S. Government in the countries where they operate.  Do my colleagues think the average poor person in Peru or Nigeria has any idea what the financial records look like from these organizations? All they know is that these groups are representing the United States and they are performing and promoting abortions. They have no way of knowing which dollars are paying for which activities. They do not ask for an accounting exercise. So they get the strong message that the U.S. family planning program is about exporting abortion on demand, pushing abortion on poor people around the world.  Mr. Chairman, this is not just a hypothetical possibility. These are the facts on the ground in country after country throughout the developing world. The largest U.S. population grantees are also the most prominent and vigorous advocates of abortion on demand. What a profound tragedy. The Greenwood amendment would make this situation even worse by removing any limits at all on U.S. subsidies for the international abortion industry. I urge a ``no'' vote.  