Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I rise in strong opposition to PNTR, and tonight I especially urge the remaining undecided Members to look at China's ever-worsening human rights record and look long and hard at the compelling threat that PRC poses to Taiwan on both the short and intermediate term as they build up with U.S. missile and computer technology and Russian ships, and the threat to the U.S. itself. The VFW and the American Legion have taken a long look at this issue and they have urged a ``no'' vote on PNTR.  Mr. Chairman, a few moments ago the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bentsen), who takes the view that is contrary to my own, rightly called China a dictatorship. Our business partners, Mr. Chairman, in Beijing indeed are dictators, and they are directly responsible for heinous crimes against humanity, including the systematic use of torture, the laogai or slave labor, where hundreds of thousands of people, thousands of gulags or laogai are used to make goods that are then exported to the United States. And the MOU that we have with them is not even worth the paper it is printed on.  They have given new meaning to the word union busting. Those brave Chinese who speak up and try to organize are thrown into jail and they too are beaten. As a result of the one child per couple policy, brothers and sisters are illegal. Forced abortion, properly construed as a crime against humanity by the Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal are going on in China on a massive scale today. There is no toleration of dissent in the PRC.  I have had 18 hearings, Mr. Chairman, in my Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights of the Committee on International Relations. We have looked at this at every angle. Another commission is nice, but it should not be done in lieu of substantive action.  Let me also point out that I too chair the Helsinki Commission. This does not look like the Helsinki Commission. Let me just remind Members that the U.S.S.R. and the Warsaw Pact nations all signed the Helsinki Final Act in 1975. It was a process. China is not going to be signing this pact. Let me also point out that MFN was denied to the U.S.S.R. while we had this accord called the Helsinki Final Act.  And, finally, we have commissions. The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom has come out unanimously admonishing Members of Congress to vote ``no'' on PNTR because of the deteriorating situation on religious freedom.  Let me just conclude, Mr. Chairman. My colleague, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Tanner), said nothing is permanent. If they misbehave, he said, maybe something could be done. Let me just point out the fact is that this dictatorship is misbehaving on a grand scale. It does beg the question, is there anything that they can do, any abuse they can perpetrate that does not lead to the loss of PNTR? I urge a ``no'' vote on this resolution.  