Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Bachus) for yielding the time and the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce) as well.  Mr. Speaker, words are inadequate to express my deep respect, affection, admiration and gratitude to John Cardinal O'Connor, one of the greatest and most consistent moral and spiritual leaders of the 21st century.  Conferring the Congressional Gold Medal on this extraordinarily brave man of conscience is a small but important token of our appreciation of a life so selflessly and wonderfully lived.  Mr. Speaker, I want to especially thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Fossella) for sponsoring this legislation today and for the Republican leadership for bringing it up on the floor as well.  Mr. Speaker, I have known Cardinal O'Connor for almost 20 years. Although he would be embarrassed to hear it said, he is a living saint. Cardinal O'Connor is a man after God's own heart. He loves unconditionally and gives generously, expecting nothing in return.  He faithfully proclaims and demonstrates by his words, works, and actions the indescribable blessings of theGospel. He is a good and holy priest who radiates Christ and the healing power of God to both believers and nonbelievers alike.  Over the years, however, there are some, who have belittled, mocked, and rejected Cardinal O'Connor's clear Christian teaching on the sanctity of human life and the duty of all men and women of good will, especially politicians, to protect the vulnerable from violence. Yet, he always treated the enemies of his message with respect and good humor. Amazing!  Thank God, Mr. Speaker, that Cardinal O'Connor has been--and continues to be--a lightning rod for truth and inclusion and protection in law of all persons, regardless of race, color, creed, or condition of dependency. Cardinal O'Connor has worked tirelessly and effectively to bring an end to the culture of death and to usher in a culture of life so that God's will be done on earth, as it is in Heaven.  Notwithstanding the enormous responsibility of being the leader of the New York Archdiocese, which includes 413 churches, 293 schools, and 35 full and affiliate hospitals, he has repeatedly called on all Americans to face up to the cruelty and the inherent violence and injustice of abortion.  Under his leadership, the Archdiocese of New York has reached out to many mothers in need of help, shelter, medicine, or spiritual guidance. His new order of nuns, known as the Sisters of Life, are but one manifestation of his tangible love in action.  Mr. Speaker, in the 25th chapter of Matthew's gospel, Jesus spoke of the last judgment and those who would be blessed in eternity. Jesus said, and I quote, `` `. . . For I was hungry and you gave Me food; I was thirsty and you gave Me drink; I was a stranger and you took Me in; I was naked and you clothed Me; I was in prison and you came to me.' Then the righteous will answer Him, saying, ``Lord, when did we see You hungry and feed You, or thirsty and give You drink? When did we see You a stranger and take You in, or naked and clothe You? Or when did we see you sick or in prison and come to You?' and the King will answer and say to them, ``Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as You did it to the least of these My Brethren, you did it to Me.' ''  Mr. Speaker, Cardinal O'Connor has devoted his life and inspired countless others to do the same to help the least of our brethren, to help the disenfranchised and the unwanted, seeing Christ himself in the lives that nobody else wants and nobody else cares about. And he has done it without any fanfare whatsoever, never seeking applause, never seeking an accolade or pat on the back. He is truly a great man.  