Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4365, the Child Health Act of 2000, must be passed today and sent swiftly to the President for his signature.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to focus a few moments on the silent epidemic of autism, we are in the midst of a silent epidemic of autism. No State, no county, no Federal agency systematically tracks cases of autism, but even faint glimpses of the truth are terrifying to behold.  According to the Federal Department of Education, autistic special education students have increased by 153 percent from 1994 to 1999. In my home State of New Jersey, the Department of Education has said the number of kids classified as autistic in our school system has increased from 241 in 1991 to an incredible, astonishing 2,354 in 1999, an 876 percent increase.  Mr. Speaker, at my request, the CDC conducted a ground-breaking autism prevalence investigation in Brick Township in New Jersey. The findings of the 2-year investigation were released just last month. We are informed that Brick's rate of classic autism was a whopping 4 per 1,000 children between ages 3 and 10, and the rate of autism spectrum disorders was 6.7 cases per 1,000. That is higher than most people had thought. Normally it is about 2 per 1,000. We had an incidence of 4 per 1,000.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis) for including the essence of my ASSURE bill which will create 3 to 5 ``Centers of Excellence in Autism'' under the auspices of the CDC so that the Federal Government will now be able to monitor the prevalence of autism at the national level and develop, hopefully, better teaching methods and health professionals to improve the treatment. It also authorizes CDC to create a National Autism and Pervasive Developmental Disability Surveillance Program. This program would use a combination of grants, cooperative agreements, and technical assistance to improve the collection, analysis and reporting on this very serious anomaly that is afflicting so many of our children.  Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to congratulate the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis) on a great bill and I hope all of my colleagues will support it.  Most experts in autism research believe that while genetics are a major determinant in developing autism, something else is at work. The epidemiological research provided under H.R. 4365 will help researchers sort out how much of the problem is genetic and how much is environmental or developmental. If autism has a link to certain environmental pollutants, the surveillance programs established under ASSURE will be able to tell us more about these links. If autism is related to an immunological response to certain vaccines, the data provided by ASSURE can be used to support or dismiss this hypothesis.  Regardless of one's opinion on what causes autism, the bottom line is that we will never be able to get the answers parents need without the data generated by this bill. Once the CDC has established the centers of excellence, they will serve as a model for states to copy and form their own registries and surveillance programs. The centers will also improve the standard of care for autistic persons by providing education and training for health professionals, so that the latest proven treatments and interventions can be utilized to the maximum possible extent.  Also included in the Children's Health Act are provisions of H.R. 997, introduced by Congressman Jim Greenwood and myself, to improve autism research programs at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This proposal, Section (B) of Title I, boosts the biomedical research needed to help solve the puzzle of autism.  And that's just Title I. In addition, there are a host of vital initiatives to improve surveillance efforts of children with diabetes, promote adoption, and reduce asthma and enhance services to asthmatics. All of these other provisions deserve out full support.  Today, Congress has an enormous opportunity to speak out on behalf of those whose voices have been silenced by autism. Kids like Alanna and Austin Gallagher in Brick Township, New Jersey.  Today, we can help restore breath to kids afflicted with asthma. People like Tommy Farese of Spring Lake, and my own two daughters Melissa and Elyse.  Today, we may save and extend the lives of children stricken by juvenile diabetes, such as young Charlie Coats of East Windsor.  It is for these children, their mothers and fathers, and the countless others like them across out nation, that we enact H.R. 4365. Join with me in supporting this legislation.  Ms. DeGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Rothman).  