Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me, and I want to thank the gentleman for his great work on this, and also commend the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Myrick) for her sponsorship of H.R. 4386, the Breast Cancer Prevention and Treatment Act.  Passage of H.R. 4386 would guarantee low-income uninsured women in this country treatment if they are diagnosed with breast or cervical cancer in the Federal screening program. Currently, as we know, many low-income and uninsured women are not receiving the treatment and medication they urgently need because they simply cannot afford it.  It is crucial that we pass this legislation and that we pass it today so that women across the country receive the lifesaving treatment that they so desperately deserve and need. Mr. Speaker, breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, other than skin cancer. It is the second leading cause of cancer death in women after lung cancer.  I would point out to my colleagues that my own cousin Sue, who was very, very close to me, fell victim to this disease several years ago. She was misdiagnosed. She went to her own doctor, who missed the signs. It was a matter of providential help that she walked into one of those mobile screening clinics and found out that that lump that she was so concerned about turned out to be cancer. Because of that, she got several years because she was able to at least get it treated. Had she known about it sooner, I do believe that my cousin Sue would be here today.  In like manner, my wife's mother died of breast cancer. That was more than 25 years ago. But she, too, went to a doctor, and had it missed because he missed the signs of what was taking place in her body. She passed prematurely while my wife was still in high school.  We all have cases. Every single one of us have a loved one who has been lost to this devastating disease. Hopefully, this kind of initiative will at least spare some the agony of this terrible cancer.  As my colleagues know, the American Cancer Society reports that there will be approximately 182,000 new cases of invasive breast cancer in the year 2000 among women in this country, resulting in about 40,800 deaths from this horrible disease.  It is imperative, Mr. Speaker, that Congress continues to expand research opportunities focusing on finding a cure, increasing early detection, and speeding access to treatment for breast cancer.  