Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hutchinson), my good friend, for yielding me this time.  Madam Speaker, one might excuse Vice President Al Gore for not knowing that a 1994 Federal law prohibits Federal executions of pregnant women, but not State. Last week on NBC's Meet the Press, Mr. Gore did not have a clue, and even laughed nervously in response to the question.  A day later, however, all indecisiveness was gone. Mr. Gore came down in earnest in favor of executing children, as long as the convicted mother chose it. He said, and I quote, ``The principle of a woman's right to choose governs in that case.'' According to Mr. Gore, the baby is property, mere chattel of no inherent worth, possessing no inherent dignity. If the mother is to be punished with death for the commission of a crime, the Vice President believes she can take her unborn child to the gallows with her.  Madam Speaker, Mr. Gore's position, in my view, is breathtakingly insensitive, callous and punishes an innocent baby, or babies if twins are involved, with electrocution or lethal injection.  Madam Speaker, as a Member of the Congress for the past 20 years, I am adamantly opposed to the death penalty, and I was before I came to Congress. Yet I respect those who take the contrary view and acknowledge that the argument of punishing heinous crimes like premeditated murder with death, and the requisite due process rights afforded to the accused, makes the argument in favor of the death penalty credible, but for me it is not convincing.  Yet, I would be less than candid if I did not say that I have no respect whatsoever for Mr. Gore, and those who take the position to permit the execution of children. Mr. Gore's child death penalty is totally contrary, Madam Speaker, to internationally recognized human rights principles. For example, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights states clearly in article VI that the sentence of death shall not be carried out on pregnant women.  I would remind my friends that this was the international covenant that was touted again and again on the Chinese debate on MFN and PNTR, because they had signed it, but not ratified it, and people talked glowingly about that very important human rights covenant. And yet it states in article VI that the sentence of death shall not be carried out on pregnant women.  Why? I think it should be obvious. Notwithstanding the gross distortion of caring and compassion and logic that has been forced on society and politicians by the abortion rights movement, it is self-evident that unborn children are human and alive and worthy of respect.  The abortion efforts have a curious and I would suggest an unreasonable need, obsession is more to the point, to deny the unborn child any recognition or respect whatsoever. Can we at least today, Madam Speaker, assert that protection for unborn children from the death penalty would be a prudent action to take?  