Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, while I have great sympathy and even supported the desire to boost the funding level for the patent office, it is the offset, the slashing of the U.S. public diplomacy programs and educational programs that leads me to oppose the Coble amendment.  By cutting educational exchange programs in half, we severely undermine the training and the education of the next generation of leaders in developing countries throughout the world.  Let me remind the Members through legislation such as the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, H.R. 3427, which I offered last year along with the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Gejdenson) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman), which became law in last November, Congress strengthened the connection between our international exchanges and the promotion of human rights and democracy around the world.  Many of our exchange programs are aimed at Nations that are burdened with impressive governments like China, Vietnam and Cambodia, whose people need continuing contact with the American government, its institutions, its educational venues and the like.  It seems to me that public diplomacy gives us the ability and then especially the ability to catch the good infection about what democracy, about what capitalism is about.  Congress, Mr. Chairman, has specifically provided scholarships for East Timorese students and for Tibetan and Burmese students who are in exile from their countries, as well as the exchange programs between the people of the U.S. and the people of Tibet.  Exchange programs, Mr. Chairman, promote international development by bringing students from those developing nations to study in America, they learn so much, they bring it back, and hopefully we get a safer and a more sane world, especially over time.  It is a great investment. It is a modest amount of money and the offset, again, notwithstanding the importance of funding adequately the patent office, this is the wrong offset. I strongly urge a no vote on the Coble amendment.  