Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to be an original sponsor of the Veterans and Dependents Millennium Education Act [H.R. 4268]. the chairman and ranking members of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, and others, have worked tirelessly to craft this important bill in a collaborative and bipartisan fashion.  Passage of the Veterans and Dependents Millennium Education Act will benefit more than 500,000 people immediately, and its increase of Montgomery G.I. Bill [MGIB] benefits will go a long way toward recruiting--and retaining--more young Americans to serve our country in uniform. Mr. Speaker, as we prepare to honor those who have died in service to our country on Memorial Day, we must also remember our obligation to help those who continue to defend our country. Increasing education benefits for those who have responded to the call of duty is the least we can do. Under this legislation, Montgomery G.I. Bill benefits for full-time students will rise from $536 to $600 per month on October 1, 2000, and to $720 per month on October 1, 2002. The bill also authorizes proportional increases for part-time students.  Similarly, H.R. 4268 increases survivors' and dependents' educational assistance for full-time students from $485 to $600 per month at the start of fiscal year 2001, and to $720 per month at the beginning of fiscal year 2003. Importantly, today's bill makes these benefits retroactive to the date of the veteran's service-connected death or 100 percent service-connected disability rating. It is worth noting that H.R. 4268 also provides an annual cost-of-living adjustment for survivors' and dependents' educational assistance, which is currently available only for MGIB benefits.  The veterans and Dependents Millennium Education Act also fills an important gap in our military's education assistance program for some 137,000 active duty personnel. For these service men and women who either turned down an earlier opportunity to convert to the Montgomery G.I. bill program, or who have no funds in their Vietnam-Era Veterans' Education Assistance Program [VEAP] account--the educational assistance program in place before MGIB--a payment of $2,700 enables them to receive full MGIB benefits. This important provision will be a major help to many senior non-commissioned officers who, after leaving the service, often attend college part time while working.  Finally, H.R. 4268 accommodates students who attend a college or university that has extended breaks, by permitting MGIB or similar benefits to be paid between intervals of up to 8 weeks. The Veterans and Dependents Millennium Education Act provides added flexibility by permitting these benefits to be used for civilian occupational licensing or a certification examination.  I would like to point out that the legislation which we are considering today is deficit-neutral. By reauthorizing programs already in place that either save or generate revenue--such as the VA home loan fee of \3/4\ of 1 percent--we can provide these improved benefits to veterans and their families. I urge my colleagues to support the Veterans and Dependents Millennium Education Act.  