Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me adamantly disagree with the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), the previous speaker. Everyone does not agree on protecting newborns. We all know of cases where newborns have been killed or left to die.  There was a piece done by the Philadelphia Inquirer, the Pulitzer Prize winning newspaper, called ``The Dreaded Complication.'' It talked about live births that resulted from failed or botched abortion attempts. Dr. Willard Cates is quoted extensively in that report. He was at the time the Chief of Abortion Surveillance for the CDC. He made the point that reporting that failed abortions resulted in live births is like turning yourself into the IRS for an audit. What is there to gain?  The article talks about repeatedly, case after case, where abortionists tried to kill an unborn child, failed to do so, only to have someone else step into the gap, scoop up that child, and bring that child to some kind of life saving situation. The report notes that the common thread in all of the incidents, and they go through one instance after another, is that it was not the doctor but someone else who intervened to administer care to the child.  Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding three decades of distraction, distortion, and deceit by the abortion lobby, I am happy to say a majority of Americans believe, and according to a recent nationwide L.A. Times poll, 61 percent of all American women regard abortion as murder. The violence of abortion should be self-evident: Chemical poisoning, dismemberment, brain sucking procedures.  But the bill of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Canady) seeks to protect newborns, kids that are already born. They, too, are now at risk under this slippery slope.  If one looks and reads the Supreme Court decision on partial birth abortion, it should be a wake-up call. Partially born kids are not protected. Kids who survive late-term abortions are not protected. This legislation is absolutely vital to protect kids who survive and are born after a failed abortion.  