Mr. Chairman, first of all let me begin by saying that the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee), my friend and colleague, misstated--was in error--when she suggested that any amendment to H.R. 1304, constituted a poison pill crafted by the insurance industry to destroy the bill.  As a strong and longstanding cosponsor of the Campbell bill, and as one speaking in favor of the pro-life Coburn amendment, nothing could be further from the truth. Our only intent in proposing this amendment is to protect innocent babies and their mothers from the violence of abortion. Abortion isn't health care--it is the dismembering and poisoning of fragile children.  Mr. Chairman, let us make no mistake about it, pro-abortion groups have long had as their goal complete assimilation of abortion into the Nation's health care system. It is clear that absent Coburn abortion providers could certainly use the exemption created by H.R. 1304 to pressure private group health plans to cover abortion. It is appropriate then, and I think it is a vital duty of this Congress, to adopt the Coburn abortion-neutral amendment if we are going to grant physicians the significant leverage in negotiations over benefits and other important issues permitted under the legislation. But we certainly should not, however unwittingly or inadvertently, permit more abortions as a consequence of this measure.  The Coburn amendment, which would simply maintain the status quo, would only exclude negotiations over abortions. That is all it would do. In other words, current antitrust law would remain in place if organizations and health care providers tried to leverage expansive abortion coverage from insurers.  Opposition to the Coburn amendment could only come from those who want abortion advocates to use this special antitrust exemption granted by H.R. 1304 to expand coverage of abortion. That is why the National Right to Life is in favor of Coburn. That is why NARAL and other pro-abortion organizations are against it. It could not be clearer.  Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge a positive vote in favor of the Coburn amendment.  