Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the DeFazio-Bass amendment.  This amendment eliminates the proposed increase in funding for the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Wildlife Services' predator control programs. Regrettably, the USDA has participated in some needless and particularly harsh predator control methods. The DeFazio-Bass Amendment highlights this problem and ensures that the USDA is not rewarded for a program that is wasteful, ineffective and unnecessarily cruel to animals.  This cost saving and compassionate amendment reduces funding for the Wildlife Services program to the Administration's budget request. This amendment will not cripple our Wildlife Services predator program nor will it impede USDA efforts to protect public health and safety. The DeFazio-Amendment simply reduces the program in a way that will allow the USDA to place its operations in alignment with public values.  Mr. Chairman, I believe Americans would be outraged to learn that their hard earned tax dollars are being used to set out Steel-Jaw Leghold Traps on our public lands. These devices are banned in 89 countries and a number of states, including my state of New Jersey, because they are a cruel and unusual form of animal punishment that cannot discriminate.  Probably the most egregious predator control practice is ``Denning.'' Federal Wildlife Service employees, who practice ``Denning'' smoke coyote pups from their dens and then kill the pups by clubbing them with shovels when they emerge.  Mr. Chairman, American's tax dollars should not be subsidizing these activities. It is unthinkable that we are spending so much money to kill so many animals by such cruel means. While our Wildlife Services predator program has been effective in some areas, such as controlling bird populations around airports, its lethal predator control activities in western states are unacceptable. Reducing funding for the Lethal Predator program by $7 million will target its most wasteful and needless activities, allowing the USDA to concentrate on more effective compassionate measures.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment makes good fiscal sense and it is environmentally sound. Taxpayers should not subsidize the western livestock industry, and we should not subsidize killing animals in indiscriminate and cruel ways. I urge my colleagues to vote ``Yes'' on the DeFazio-Bass amendment.  