Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding me time.  Mr. Chairman, the purpose of the Sanchez amendment is to facilitate the destruction of unborn babies by dismemberment and chemical poisoning. Of course, my friend and colleague from California does not present her case to us in this way, my friend instead sanitizes a terrible reality. The difficult unavoidable consequence of enactment of her amendment is to facilitate the violent death of babies.  Mr. Chairman, with each passing day, more Americans in their heart of hearts know that abortion is violence against children. The stark, horrific reality of partial-birth abortion has shattered forever the unsustainable myth that abortion procedures are somehow benign and benevolent acts. The scrutiny that partial-birth abortion has received has helped peel away the layers upon layers of euphemisms, disinformation and lies to show abortion for what it is, child abuse and violence against children.  Mr. Chairman, the most commonly procured method of abortion in America today and most likely to be facilitated by this amendment is the dismemberment of babies. The Sanchez amendment will prevent razor blade tipped suction devices 20 to 30 times more powerful than the average household vacuum cleaner to be used in military health facilities to pulverize the child's arms, legs, torso and head. The baby who gets killed in the hideous fashion is turned into a bloody pulp. This is the uncensored reality of what choice is all about and a vote in favor of Sanchez will result in more kids being murdered in this way.  Abortion methods also include injecting deadly poisons, including high concentrated salt solutions, into the child's amniotic fluid or into the baby. That too would be facilitated by Sanchez. This barbaric type of child abuse usually takes 2 hours for the baby to die, and anybody who has ever seen a picture of a child killed by a saline abortion quickly takes note of the red/black badly burned skin of the victim child. The whole baby's body is badly burned from the corrosive action of the high dose of salt, but the palms of the child's hands are white, because the baby grips and clenches his or her fist because of the pain. That's not child abuse? That's not violence against children?  I strongly urge Members to vote no on the Sanchez amendment. Don't turn our medical facilities overseas into abortion mills. Make them places of healing and nurture.  