Mr. Speaker, some day soon, and I believe this is a matter of when and not if, future generations of Americans will look back with horror, incredulity, and astonishment that some of the best and brightest of this present age vehemently defended the slaughter of over 40 million babies by abortion.  They will wonder how a seemingly sane, enlightened, and compassionate society led by its President, Congress, the media, academia and the courts could have so aggressively embraced violence against children and the abandonment of their mothers.  With a mix of sadness and disbelief, future generations of Americans will absolutely marvel at our blindness and our insensitivity to the inherent cruelty of stabbing, dismembering, and poisoning little children under the euphemism of choice.  What were they thinking, they will ask. How could they have construed the right to privacy to include injections of poisons or the hacking to death by knife or razor blade-tipped curette, so as to procure the death of a child. How could so many have remained unmoved or silent in the midst of a holocaust that claimed the lives of one out of every three babies in this country, 40 million boys and girls, a number roughly equal to five times the entire population of my home State of New Jersey.  Future generations of Americans, and judging by the polls, super majorities of Americans today are finally, at long last, outraged that thousands of children each year are being butchered by partial-birth abortion. They are beginning to get it. Most people I talk to are outraged that babies who are partially born and fully kicking are legally jabbed in the back of the head with scissors for the purpose of making a hole in their fragile skulls so their brains can be sucked out. Anyone who has ever picked up and held a newborn baby knows how wobbly and fragile that child's head is. You gently cradle the child's neck in your hands to protect the baby from harm. The abortionist, on the other hand, has no such motive. When he grabs the baby's head, it is to stab it and to destroy the child.  Mr. Speaker, partial-birth abortion is a monstrous act of cruelty. Partial-birth abortion is a gross violation of human rights, a barbarous form of torture directed at a defenseless baby girl or boy.  The pending bill of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Canady) is a desperately needed human rights initiative designed to offer at least a small measure of protection to some babies in a class of human beings who have, since 1973, been legally disenfranchised because of their age, immaturity, or condition of dependency.  Many of us would surely like to save and protect more babies from the violence of abortion; I wish to God we could save more. But I believe we have a moral duty that is not so easily satisfied to save at least some, as many as we can, at every opportunity.  Mr. Speaker, this bill is a very, very modest step in that direction to save at least some.  