Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) very much for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, in the 1992 presidential campaign, Mr. Clinton accused his opponent of coddling the dictator of China and promised that, if he was elected, he would deny MFN to China ``as long as they keep locking people up.'' Today China is locking people up and torturing them big time.  Faced, in the spring of 1993, with a vote that was likely to strip China of MFN, President Clinton preempted congressional action with the issuance of an Executive Order that gave the PRC one more year to reform. For MFN to continue, significant progress in human rights was established. The President said in May 28, 1993, ``Starting today, the U.S. will speak with one voice on China policy.''  We are here today because the American people continue to harbor profound concerns about a range of practices by China's Communist leaders. The President went on. He said that ``the core of the policy will be a resolute insistence upon significant progress on human rights in China.''  ``Whether I extend MFN next year'', the President went on, ``will depend on whether China makes significant progress in improving its human rights record.''  I had nothing but praise for the President, Mr. Speaker. I did not realize at the time that we had been had.  As the probationary year progressed, profound doubt concerning the President's commitment to his own policy emerged. So midway through that probationary period in January of 1994, I led a human rights mission to China and was shocked and dismayed to be told by high Chinese officials with whom I met that the Clinton administration would continue MFN without conditions, and that his human rights linkage was pure fiction meaningless and political. It turns out the President was bluffing. The fix was in, and the Chinese dictatorship knew it. A terrible setback for human rights, democracy, the environment, and security issues.  Let me just point out, Mr. Speaker, once that delinking took place, the hard-liners knew for sure that as long as the Clinton administration was in place, there would never be a change. This administration and some in Congress will fight hard to protect intellectual property rights and copyright infringement.  Sanctions for the protection of CDs are wise public policy but are deemed impermissible to employ in the effort to protect Chinese men, women and children from government abuse.  Torture, forced abortion, all kinds of human rights abuses, all of them taken together warrants no sanctions whatsoever. Steal some of our CDs, and we will bring the full brunt of those sanctions against you. Sometimes I think we got our priorities wrong.  Earlier today, Mr. Speaker, the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom testified before the Committee on International Relations and made it very clear that there has been a marked deterioration in religious freedom in China and admonished Congress not to confer PNTR on the PRC. I ask Members to read the 77-page State Department Woman Rights report replete with human rights abuses.  Mr. Speaker, to date there has yet to be any serious credible linkage of trade and human rights. Yet today we are being asked to forgo any possibility of linkage in the future.  Deny China PNTR today--require them to make progress in the direction of reform and protection of human rights.  Mr. Speaker, in the 1992 Presidential Campaign, Mr. Clinton accused his opponent of coddling the dictators of China and promised that he, if elected, would deny MFN to China ``as long as they keep locking people up.'' Today Clinton is locking people up--and torturing them--big time.  Faced in the spring of 1993 with a vote that was likely to strip China of MFN, President Clinton pre-empted Congressional action with the issuance of an executive order that gave the PRC one more year of MFN. For MFN to continue, ``Significant Progress'' in human rights was established as the new standard. The president said in a speech on May 28, 1993:       Starting today, the United States will speak with one voice      on China policy. We no longer have an Executive Branch policy      and a Congressional policy. We have an American policy.       We are here today because the American people continue to      harbor profound concerns about a range of practices by      China's communist leaders. We are concerned that many      activists and pro-democracy leaders, including some from      Tiananmen Square, continue to languish behind prison bars in      China for no crime other than exercising their consciences.      We are concerned by the Dalai Lama's reports of Chinese      abuses against the people and culture of Tibet . . .       The core of this policy will be a resolute insistence upon      significant progress on human rights in China. To implement      this policy, I am signing today an Executive Order that will      have the effect of extending Most Favored Nation status for      China for 12 months. Whether I extend MFN next year, however,      will depend upon whether China makes significant progress in      improving its human rights record.  I had nothing but praise for the president. I didn't realize at the time that we had been had. As the ``probationary year'' progressed, profound doubt concerning the President's commitment to his own policy emerged.  So, midway through the ``probationary period,'' in Jan. of 1994, I led a human rights mission to China and was shocked and dismayed to be told by high Chinese government officials with whom I met, that President Clinton would continue MFN without conditions and that his brand of human rights linkage was pure fiction, meaningless and political.  Turns out the President was indeed bluffing, the fix was in, and the Chinese dictatorship knew it. A terrible setback for human rights, democracy, the environment and security issues.  In a breathtaking capitulation, the Administration officially de-linked human rights and trade in the Spring of 1994--and the Chinese hardliners then knew for absolute certain that for this Administration profits trump respect for human life and that sanctions were to be reserved exclusively for commercial concerns, such as intellectual property rights, copyright infringement, and the pirating of CDs and video cassettes. Then, and only then, would this Administration mount up on its hind legs to fight and employ the credible threat of sanctions to ameliorate Beijing's behavior.  In an article in the Washington Post in June 9, 1998, we get this insight, ``A few months after President Clinton de-linked MFN from progress on human rights, there was a meeting at the White House to assess the effects of the Administration's new China policy. At the meeting, president Clinton announced, ``I hate our China policy. I wish I was running against our China policy. I mean, we give them MFN and change our commercial policy and what has changed?'' So reports the Washington Post.  As Chairman of the International Operations and Human Rights Subcommittee, I have chaired 18 hearings and markups on human rights abuses in China. Not only has nothing changed for the better with our defacto de-linking policy, human rights abuses have changed for the worse. The delinkage policy experiment which will be made permanent today if this legislation passes--will worsen the situation.  Human rights abuses have gotten progressively worse in virtually every category. At a hearing this morning with the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, Rabbi Saperstein and two commissioners testified that there was a ``. . . sharp deterioration in freedom of religion in China during the last year. The Commission believes that an unconditional grant of PNTR at this moment may be taken as a signal of American indifference to religious freedom. The government of China attaches great symbolic importance to steps such as the grant of PNTR, and presents them to the Chinese people as proof of international acceptance and approval.'' Rabbi Saperstein admonished Congress to vote ``No'' on PNTR.  I urge members to read the 77 page State Department report, which details pervasive torture, forced abortion, and new, frightening crackdowns on dissidents and religious believers. The U.S. State Department Report states:       Abuses included instances of extra judicial killings,      torture and mistreatment of prisoners, forced confessions,      arbitrary arrest and detention, lengthy incommunicado      detention, and denial of due process. Prison     conditions at most facilities remained harsh. In many cases,      particularly in sensitive political cases, the judicial      system denies criminal defendants basic legal safeguards and      due process because authorities attach higher priority to      maintaining public order and suppressing political opposition      that to enforcing legal norms. The Government infringed on      citizens' privacy rights. The Government tightened      restrictions on freedom of speech and of the press, and      increased controls on the Internet; self-censorship by      journalists also increased. The Government severely      restricted freedom of assembly, and continued to restrict      freedom of association. The government continued to restrict      freedom of religion, and intensified controls on some      unregistered churches. The Government continued to restrict      freedom of movement. The Government does not permit      independent domestic nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) to      monitor publicly human rights conditions. Violence against      women, including coercive family planning practices--which      sometimes include forced abortions and forced sterilization;      prostitution; discrimination against women; trafficking in      women and children; abuse of children; and discrimination      against the disabled and minorities are all problems. The      Government continued to restrict tightly worker rights, and      forced labor in prison facilities remains a serious problem.      Child labor persists. Particularly serious human rights      abuses persisted in some minority areas, especially in Tibet      and Xinjiang, where restrictions on religion and other      fundamental freedoms intensified . . .       . . . Police and other elements of the security apparatus      employed torture and degrading treatment in dealing with      detainees and prisoners. Former detainees and the press      reported credibly that officials used electric shocks,      prolonged periods of solitary confinement, incommunicado      detention, beatings, shackles, and other forms of abuse      against detained men and women . . .  The Chinese dictators--our business partners--excel in the torture chamber business and even the internet in China is used against its users. The State Department points out that:       The Government increased monitoring of the Internet during      the year, and placed restrictions on information available on      the Internet. The Government has special Internet police      units to monitor and increase control of Internet content and      access . . . Web pages run by Falun Gong followers were      targeted specifically by the government as part of its      crackdown against the group that began in July.  The repression of human rights in general and the barbaric forced abortion policy is having a devastating impact on women's lives. The State Department Human Rights Report says that 500 Chinese women commit suicide each and every day.  Mr. Speaker to date there has yet to be any serious, credible linkage of trade and human rights, yet we are being asked today to forgo any possible linkage in the future. This is a real vote--the dictatorship will actually lose something they want. Deny China's PNTR today--require them to move in the direction of reform and the protection of human rights.  