Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1453, the Sudan Peace Act. At the outset, I would like to commend the principal Senate sponsor, Senator Frist, as well as our colleague J.C. Watts who introduced the companion measure, H.R. 2906.  The Government of Sudan's genocidal religious war against the non-Muslim peoples of southern Sudan have turned the south into--in the words of one Sudanese priest--``the hell of the earth.'' Enslavement, calculated starvation, forced conversion, and the aerial bombardment of civilian targets such as schools, churches, and hospitals, are still methods of terror favored by the National Islamic Front government. Unfortunately, Khartoum has also begun generating the revenue it needs to extend its self-described jihad by developing Sudanese oil resources.  S. 1453 is an important first step toward addressing the crisis in that war-torn region. Among other things, the bill:  Condemns slavery and the other human rights violations perpetrated by the Khartoum regime;  Expresses support for the ongoing peace process in that region;  Expresses the sense of the Congress relating to the improvement of relief services in the south of Sudan;  Authorizes an additional $16 million for rehabilitation assistance to areas of Sudan not controlled by the government in the north; and  Requires the President to report to Congress on several aspects of the conflict, as well as on options available to the United States for providing non-lethal assistance to members of the National Democratic Alliance.  These are all good things. But the horrors of Sudan--which have already claimed more than 2 million lives--demand more than expressions of concern and new reporting requirements. They require concrete action.  For this reason, I offered an amendment at Subcommittee markup that reinstated certain sanctions language that was present in both the House- and Senate-introduced versions of the bill. Unless the President can certify that Khartoum has made significant progress toward peace and respect for human rights, the language prohibits U.S. corporations and individuals from brokering goods, technology, or services to or from Sudan. It also prohibits U.S. corporations and individuals from performing contracts or using financial instruments in support of the Government of Sudan's industrial or commercial projects. It expresses the sense of Congress that these provisions should apply to the sale of stocks and other financial instruments in the United States or to U.S. persons. In sum, these provisions are meant to keep the Khartoum regime from using U.S. capital markets to underwrite its genocide.  We have already expressed the sense of the House this Congress, when we voted 416 to 1 to condemn the Khartoum regime's genocide against the south. it's time to act on those convictions and pass S. 1453.  