 Section 526 simply bars agencies from entering into contracts to purchase alternative and unconventional fuels that emit more carbon pollution than conventional fuels on a life-cycle basis. Section 526 doesn't prevent the sale of dirty fuels, nor does it prevent the Federal agencies from buying these fuels if they need to.  Instead, it simply prevents the Federal Government from propping up the makers of dirty fuels with long-term contracts. Government policy, given the problems we face as far as our energy policy, should help drive the development of alternative fuels that cut pollution in carbon emission, not increase it.  The effect of this provision has been that it has spurred development of advanced biofuels. These fuels are being successfully tested and proven today on U.S. Navy planes at supersonic speeds. It is a testament to this country's ingenuity.  Opponents of this section claim that it creates problems for Federal agencies, and that is simply not the case. For example, the Department of Defense supports section 526, recognizing that tomorrow's soldiers, sailors, air personnel, and marines are going to need a greater range of energy sources.  Last July, the Department of Defense stated very clearly, and I quote:       The provision has not hindered the Department from      purchasing the fuel we need today, worldwide, to support      military missions. But it also sets an important baseline in      developing the fuels we need for the future.  DOD has also said that repealing section 526 could ``complicate the Department's efforts to provide better energy options to our warfighters and take advantage of the promising developments in home-grown biofuels.''  If DOD, the government's largest fuel purchaser, believes that section 526 is workable and helpful, that should be true for other agencies as well. In fact, the agencies we're addressing today have not expressed any concerns that I am aware of about section 526 nor have they asked for this provision.  I believe this amendment could also damage the developing biofuels sector at the worst possible time for our economy. It can send a very negative signal to America's advanced biofuel industry and could result in adverse impacts to U.S. job creation, world development efforts, and the export of world-leading technology.  Developing and bringing advanced low-carbon biofuels to scale is a critical step in reducing the Nation's dependence on oil. In this section, section 526, is a key part of this process. For these reasons, I would certainly be opposed to the gentleman's amendment.  I reserve the balance of my time.  