Chairman, I rise to express my opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri. I would certainly agree with him that we are not making sufficient investments in our infrastructure, but this amendment would do nothing to resolve that problem. But it would introduce a host of other detrimental impacts to the basin and will lead to a failure to comply with the requirements of the Endangered Species Act.  The $90 million which was in the President's budget is the Corps' best assessment of the minimum required to maintain long term biological opinion compliance. There is in the bill a $18.6 million cut already which reduces the Corps' ability to maintain required progress on emergent sandbar habitat construction, shallow water habitat, Yellowstone intake, and real estate acquisition.  While the gentleman indicates he does not want to gut the program, the fact is he would add another $21.4 million worth of cuts, essentially representing a 44 percent cut of the President's budget. If that's not gutting, it is certainly a significant hindrance.  Given the extent of existing cuts, the Corps would need to consult with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service on the potential for reduced progress on biological opinion compliance and on potential operational adjustments, opening the possibility of a jeopardy determination.  Further, reducing the amount would have a significant and negative impact with regards to maintaining biological opinion compliance for the Missouri River, and the Corps may not be in a position to serve all eight congressionally authorized purposes.  Additionally, operational changes may have to be made to avoid impacts to listed species that could result in a split navigation season, impacts on hydropower production, and impacts on water supply and recreation. A split navigation season will further erode the ability of farmers and manufacturers to get their products to market or to the consumer.  And given that the power produced by the Missouri River projects provides base power loads for the region, reduced production would further jeopardize peak power needs in the area.  The impacts to water supply also potentially could be great. Many communities are already having difficulty with the intake infrastructure to local water supplies. Without the regulation river flow provided by the projects, these communities will have a monumental task to extend the intakes for the low flow periods, increasing the burden on already cash-strapped local governments.  For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.  