I'm from Gary, Indiana, and I am here simply to ask my colleagues to not flush $100 million down a drain. That would be my technical argument. And I want to thank the gentleman from Texas and I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for offering this amendment.  I also want to thank the subcommittee chair for reducing the administration's original request that was $150 million for USEC, which is the United States Enrichment Corporation, to $100 million that is contained in this bill.  I must tell you, I have serious disagreement with the committee mark on this and do believe this amendment needs to be adopted. The people of this country work too hard for the tax dollars they send to us to flush this $100 million down a drain.  In 2008, when this company applied for a loan guarantee, DOE required USEC to produce a track record of running these centrifuges for a time sufficient to prove that they could be commercialized. This, we were told, would be sufficient to prove the technology. It was not.  Further, I would point out that in 2010, $45 million in accounting exchange, an exchange for liability for enrichment services, was provided to the company, essentially forgiving them $45 million of liability. This fiscal year 12, $44 million in additional dollars in exchange, relieving the company of liability that is now on the taxpayers' book, was put forward.  There is a proposal on the table, separate from this bill and separate from this amendment, to do that exchange of liability for enrichment services a third time for another $82 million because the company needs it. The question during subcommittee consideration of this issue that was addressed to the Department of Energy is: What happens to the taxpayers? What happens to this country if the cost of cleaning up those tailings exceeds the liability that was given a company. That is what happens if it's not $44 million. What if it's not $45 million? What if it's not $82 million? What if it's $100 million? We eat it. We eat it, and that's wrong. That is wrong, and people ought to adopt this amendment.  Several months ago, the claim was that just in another 2 years, just another 2 years and just another $300 million would prove the technology. Now, now today, the Department is saying this program would make progress, not prove the technology. They would make progress towards proving the technology.  It was mentioned that on May 15 the company was downgraded by Standard & Poor's. Last month USEC was warned that it was in danger of being delisted by the New York Stock Exchange. Delisting would mean that the company stock would essentially be reduced to speculative penny stock status, reducing the market for the company's shares.  Last month, the Department announced again this very complicated deal relative to the tailings. This deal takes the most compelling argument away from funding USEC's American Centrifuge Project, because last month USEC, the Department, Energy Northwest, and TVA agreed to keep the enrichment plant USEC operates, the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant, in operation for another year by re-enriching uranium tailings.  The point I would make is that the transfer of these tailings results in enough U.S. origin low-enriched uranium for 15 years. In addition, the National Nuclear Security Administration can access the mixed oxide facilities for backup low-enrichment uranium for an additional 4\1/2\ years.  The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Johnson), talked about the long term. That is the long term. That's two decades from now. And the technology that USEC is using today is 20 years old, and the National Nuclear Security Administration has not evaluated alternatives, but it has the time to do so.  Again, we need to make a decision here. The decision ought to be to adopt this amendment and to save the taxpayers $100 million.  I yield back the balance of my time.  