I say that as a Notre Dame graduate, and I would congratulate him on his victory the last time our two teams played on the field.  Having said that, however, both he and my colleague on the Democratic side, I join with the chairman in reluctant opposition to the amendment. The chairman has opted for a policy of no new starts, a policy that I strongly support and have opted for during these times of budgetary constraints.  I would point out that while there is only $10 million in the amendment before the House today, the fact is this project will cost several billion dollars by the time we are done, and starting it now is a cost that we cannot afford to adequately fund because we do not have the resources in the bill.  Over the last several years, we have, in fact, terminated hundreds of ongoing projects, to our great dismay and to the weakening of the infrastructure of our economy in this country. But until we as an institution, the Congress, have the intestinal fortitude to adequately fund our infrastructure in these types of very necessary investment--that is not the argument before us--I cannot support adding to the inventory of projects that we must start but cannot.  If the allocation for the bill were different, I might be able to support the gentleman's amendment. Again, as it now stands, we are short of cash. The fact is the amount in the bill today--and the chairman and I and every member of the subcommittee fought to add $82 million to the President's request. We are $631 million today, in this bill, below what we were spending as a Nation on these projects 2 years ago. We don't have the money, unfortunately, to fund the gentleman's amendment, and therefore, again, I express my sincere appreciation for what he wants to do but my reluctant opposition to his amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it.  