President, I do not plan to take a long time. I would like to make a couple comments about some of the things that have been said here.  I do not question the sincerity of any Member on this floor, but I think it should be obvious to you, Mr. President, and anyone else who may not be worn out right now, that there is a difference of philosophy often expressed on this floor. I think it goes back to the role of Government.  I not only remind my friend from Minnesota that every country that has tried to take care of all these ills from a government perspective has not made it. I wonder sometimes, all these people who come to school supposedly that are hungry, how many of those parents perhaps are not able to feed them because they are overtaxed, or how many of those parents might have fallen into this mentality that permeated the 1960's that Government has the responsibility of taking care of all the human social ills?  I agree with one thing the distinguished Senator from Minnesota said when he said we have lost our way. I think we have. I think that is what this is all about, trying to find our way back.  I have to say, Mr. President, that I have not been supportive of this compromise, but for a totally different reason than the Senator from Minnesota. I look at this, and I have to correct the distinguished Senator from New Mexico about one thing that he said. He said we gave the President everything he wanted in his social programs. We actually gave him more. This is $5 billion more than his request was last year. It is not a matter of not having enough in this bill. I feel the spending is too high. I do not agree with all the assumptions, but I am very confident that this is going to be adopted and going to be adopted tonight.  Also, I am not sure we are going to be able to accomplish all the tax decreases that we have promised some of the people. I had occasion this morning to talk to two large groups, both of whom are endorsing this, and they are endorsing this because they believe they are going to get an estate tax reduction; they believe they are going to get capital gains reductions. I do not believe there is going to be enough money to do that. But that is not the point of standing here now.  What I would like to see happen with this, ultimately, in the year 2002 is to accomplish the goal that many people believe in their hearts we will accomplish with this. I am not that confident. I am going to assume that will happen and we will reach a balanced budget by the year 2002.  I have offered amendment No. 301 because I think by just oversight, something was left out. Let's assume that everything we are trying to accomplish with the adoption of this budget agreement becomes a reality. Let's assume that the economic assumptions produced an additional $225 billion. Let's assume that these spending programs are going to stay within the limits and that we are able to do the tax cuts. And let's assume that we find ourselves with a balanced budget.  Now, here is the problem that I have with this. One of the problems is, if we reach the year 2001 and we see, in fact, it is doing what we projected it would do, doing what we told the American people it would do, and that is balance the budget, eliminate the deficit, what happens in the next year? With that as a concern, I don't think there is anyone in this Chamber who is going to vote for this bill on the basis that they want to balance the budget who does not also want to keep the budget in balance in the years following that. So I have this very simple resolution that I wouldn't think there would be any opposition to. That is, if this passes, and that becomes a reality--I am going to read the sentence from the bill. This is, in essence, my entire amendment.       It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any      budget resolution or conference report on a budget resolution      for fiscal year 2002 and any fiscal year thereafter that      would cause a unified budget deficit for the budget year or      any of the four fiscal years following the budget year.  So, what we are saying is, once we get it in balance and we have eliminated the deficit, I would like to go further and say, let's then start spending down and paying down the debt. Instead of that, with this, all we are saying is once we eliminate the deficit, let's keep it eliminated. In the absence of this, all of this, that is on this plan, this road map can become a reality in the year 2001. But if that happens, then they can turn around and say, ``Good, that's over with, now let's start raising deficits again.''  That is the essence of it. I am prepared to yield the remainder of my time, but I understand the Senator from New Jersey wants to use some of his time.  