I think the distinguished junior Senator from Texas has really said it all.  It was just last week that we had our defense authorization bill up before this body. We talked at that time about the desirability of putting some type of amendment on to stop the funding for the Bosnia operation for any time after June 30, 1998. Of course, I think we decided that it wasn't going to work out that way because if that happened, it might jeopardize not just the bill but would probably have caused a filibuster, and we didn't want that. We wanted to keep it moving. We need to have our authorization bill. It is imperative to our Nation's defense that we have it.  So I think against the better judgment of several people we agreed to not have that position in. But that is the way it is going to have to be. I don't know any other way we are going to be able to bring our troops back. Clearly, the President has us over a political barrel right now because any time our troops get out of there--I don't care if it is tomorrow, if it is June 30, 1998, or if it is 10 years from now--the fighting will start again, and anyone with any common sense, with any knowledge of history, knows it has happened that way, and it is going to continue to happen that way. And so the question is do you do it sooner or later.  Those of us who were concerned about mission creep back when they made the decision to send troops over to Bosnia back in December of 1995, they were to be there for, of course, 1 year. They kept saying, ``They will be home for Christmas December 1996.'' And all of us knew they would not be home for Christmas in December of 1996. It just didn't make any sense that that promise was made. So they went over there to provide safety for the corridors, to keep people from crossing over them, and supposedly that was going to take care of the problems that existed.  Well, this is not the first time in history that this has happened. Here it is now. We have made a commitment of 2\1/2\ years instead of 12 months. Now the President is trying to renege on that and go beyond to an undetermined period of time.  I can remember in history when we sent our Marines into Nicaragua in 1909, and that was supposed to be for a 6-month period in 1909 because there were some problems with the government down there and they felt our intervention would stabilize things, and we did have some national security interests at that time, not as great as they were in other parts of the world, but nevertheless we sent our troops in for that short period of time and they were still there 13 years later. In fact, they never really came back until 1933. That is 24 years.  As to Haiti, the Senator from Texas was talking about the fact that we still have troops in Haiti. People forget about that. We did not have any mission over there in the first place that was strategic to any of our problems in this country and yet we sent troops over to Haiti to supposedly try to clean up their government and run it better than they can run it. And now we have the same problems over there as we had before and we still have troops over there. We sent Marines to Haiti in 1915 and the same problems existed at that time. They were going to help with some of the stability there in Haiti and they stayed there until 1934.  So now we see that we are in the middle of a classic case of mission creep. We are enlarging the mission. We are exposing U.S. troops to a whole new set of risks, and it is all without the permission of the American people or the permission of the Senate, but they are going to do it.  Let's review for a minute the timeline in Bosnia. The President and administration officials pledged on numerous occasions in 1995 and 1996 that the United States military forces would be out of Bosnia by 1996 in the hearings that we had in the Senate Armed Services Committee. The Secretaries of Defense and the Secretary of State, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, John Shalikashvili, all of them said that the IFOR mission would be concluded in 1 year and that there were no plans to extend United States presence in Bosnia beyond a 1-year timeframe. And they kept repeating it.  I can remember, since I serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee, a meeting we had October 17, 1995, Madam President, and that was when General Shalikashvili said, and I am going to quote his words, not my words--this is General Shalikashvili, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He said on October 17, 1995:       From a military perspective, as I evaluated the tasks we      wished this force to accomplish, it was my judgment that it      in fact can be done in 12 months or less. Secondly, when tied      to the equipping and training issue, it was my judgment that      that, too, can be accomplished in less than a year. And so I      felt it was important that we, therefore, set a target of one      year and then bring the force back. In the absence of that,      you just find yourself staying there, and that's how very      often mission creep comes in. The force needs to be brought      home and they need to resume normal training and be ready for      other operations. And I just think one year--     I saw no military justification for that force to stay longer      than one year, and that is why that was my recommendation.  This is a guy who is supposed to be running the military, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  I was over in Bosnia several times, but the last time I talked to Gen. Monte Miggs up in that northeast sector and it is his job--he is doing a great job, by the way, of trying to carry on some type of training during the time that those troops are stationed over there. You have two big problems that exist when you have, when you are leaving troops in an area. One is in the case we are in right now where we have just decimated the military budget, our defense budget, we are spending all of this money. I can remember standing on this floor in November 1995 when the President had made the statement that the cost of the deployment to Bosnia would be somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion.  It is now going through $7.3 billion, and where does that money come from? It comes from readiness, it comes from modernization, it comes from force strength, and it comes from quality of life. That's the only four places it can come from.  Now we have an optempo rate, where our troops are being asked to do things that human beings really can't do. Instead of being deployed for the normal 115 to 120 days a year, in some cases it is twice that. And we keep hearing stories from the field that it is even worse, because with the depleted budget we are now having to cannibalize perfectly good F-15 engines, that's F-100 engines, to get spare parts to keep the ones running that are in planes right now. Of course, that is very labor intensive. So from the field we hear these guys are working, some of them, 15 and 16 hours a day. They cannot keep that up for a period of time.  But I think General Miggs up there, if there is ever anyone who can do it, up in the Brcko area, near the Posavina corridor, he is carrying on training. Of course, to carry on training and perform these humanitarian or peacekeeping or peacemaking missions, whatever they are supposed to be doing over there, it means longer and longer hours. So they are trying to do it. But there is not one general I have talked to who has not said that, if we should need our troops, if something should happen in North Korea at the same time something happened in Iran--not totally inconceivable--or Iraq or anyplace else, but if we were challenged in two regional fronts, we would have to take those people, withdraw them and retrain them, before we could send them into combat. So it's a real serious problem.  In that same Senate Armed Services Committee meeting of October 17, 1995, I might add, Secretary Bill Perry said:       I cannot conceive of the circumstances which would motivate      me to come back and ask an extension of that time.  This is an extension, he's talking about, beyond Christmas of 1996.       . . . 12 months is sufficient to do the job we're      describing. And I believe there is a great value, a great      management value to putting a definite time scale on it and      sticking to that time period.  Again, he said later, in December, this is 6 weeks later, he said:       We believe the mission can be accomplished in 1 year, so we      have built our plan based on that timeline. This schedule is      realistic because the specific militarily tasks [which are      changing all the time, and that's the justification they are      making for leaving them over there] in the agreement can be      completed in the first 6 months, and thereafter IFOR's role      will be to maintain the climate of stability that will permit      civil work to go forward. We expect these civil functions      will be successfully initiated in 1 year. But, even if some      of them are not, we must not be drawn into a posture of      indefinite garrison.  Madam President, we are in a posture of indefinite garrison.  Look at this in yesterday's paper, ``Clinton keeps door open to extending U.S. role in Bosnia.''  Here's the problem we have. I was disturbed we had to go beyond 12 months. Now they say we will make it 2\1/2\ years and we will be out of there on June 30, 1998. I went over to the NATO meeting in Brussels and found we had Members of Congress, Members of the other body, who were walking around telling our NATO friends, whispering to them, ``Don't worry, we won't leave you. We'll be there.''  There is plenty of time, adequate time now to make this as the policy, which is the accepted policy, that is we are getting out on June 30, 1998. Because there is a lot of time between now and then.  I was watching the Senator from Texas and remembering what happened when we had a resolution of disapproval back in October 1995. Because we knew, once they went over there, it was going to be very difficult to bring them back. Sure enough, we lost that by four votes. It was interesting, because the main argument that was used by the other side was that our troops will be back in 12 months. So who can object to 12 months?  I heard Senator after Senator say to me, and say privately, ``Well, I was going to support the resolution of disapproval and not send troops over there, not agree to that, but after all, the President has promised it will be 12 months. He's promised it would not exceed on the outside $2 billion.''  I made a speech on the floor at that time and stated it would be closer to $8 billion. And sure enough, we are creeping through right now $7.3 billion. Looking back, I remember what I stated on the floor. And I will repeat that now, because I think it is appropriate now, 18 months later. This is quoting myself in the Congressional Record, December 13, 1995.       My conviction that the administration's intention to put      troops in harm's way in Bosnia is a huge mistake rests on      three broad arguments. First and above all, the conflict in      Bosnia imposes no real threat to vital American interests.      Simply put there is nothing in Bosnia that Americans should      die for.       Second, the Dayton talks have produced a false peace, that      is inherently unstable and politically doomed.  Here I was talking about the fact we go to Dayton and we have all these factions in there, supposedly coming to a peace agreement, but who wasn't at Dayton? Karadzic was not in Dayton, that's the Bosnian Serbs. Sure, Milosevic was there. That's Serbia. But that wasn't where the problem was. Those individuals who were creating the problem were not there. The Bosnian Serbs were not represented. Not only were they not represented, but none of the rogue elements were represented. We still had the mujahidin, the Arkan Tigers, the Black Swans, and the rest of them, who are still over there right now.  So you have a flawed meeting with a flawed attendance making an agreement that we cannot live with.  Finally, quoting from my statement on the floor on December 13, 1995:       The Implementation Force [that's IFOR] plan is self-     contradictory, and hopelessly optimistic and will expose our      soldiers to unreasonable risk even as they diligently pursue      its unrealistic objectives.  So, that is where we are today. I think, if you look and see what they agreed to and what was supposed to have happened in the first 12 months in the Dayton accords, they talked about ``we were going to have the elections.'' They have not had the elections. They had flawed elections. They said, ``The refugees would all be able to go home before 12 months.'' Guess what, the refugees haven't gone home and it's 18 months. We keep finding violations of arms agreements, in the 18 months into the 1-year agreement, and we can't pull out. I am very thankful we have not suffered precious casualties at this time, but I tell you, we predicted on the floor if we continue this mission creep we may not be so fortunate in the future.  I would conclude, Madam President, that we have a responsibility to be responsible. If this were a time when we didn't have the distinguished Senator from Alaska, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, having a very difficult time coming up with the money to keep America strong enough to meet the minimum expectations of the American people, which we can't, that is to be able to defend America on two regional fronts--if that weren't the case, maybe we could afford to be sending troops around the world on humanitarian missions, on peacekeeping missions. But we can't afford to do that, Madam President.  So I conclude by saying we need to make it very clear that we are going to be out of there, and give a date certain that is still 12 months from now. There is still plenty of time for our allies to make time to make that happen. I have been agonizing with this concern.  This is not a partisan thing, by the way, Madam President. Because whenwe sent troops into Somalia, George Bush was President. That was in December. After he had been defeated but while he was still in office, we sent troops over there, if you'll remember, for a period of some 3 months to 6 months. Then, once President Clinton got in, he kept extending it. So we sent resolutions and resolutions, ``We want to bring the troops back.'' Month after month, every month we sent resolutions, and the years started going by, and it was not until 18 of our rangers were brutally murdered and their naked corpses were dragged through the streets of Mogadishu before the American people got concerned enough to force the administration to bring the troops home from Somalia.  Madam President, I don't want that to happen in Bosnia. I don't want our troops to be dragged through the streets of Sarajevo or Tuzla or Brcko or any of the rest of them.  We have experienced mission creep. We are now in a situation where our troops are there for an indeterminate period of time. Now is the time to draw the line and say that June 30, 1998, is our time that our troops will be coming home. Are they going to be safe over there when that happens? No. If we brought them home tomorrow, there would still be fighting once our troops were out, or June 30, or 10 years from now.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  