President.  First of all, let me say that there have been a lot of charges made back and forth. And certainly I don't question the sincerity of any Senators who have spoken on the floor, nor any positions they have taken, nor do I question their motives. They clearly think that they are right and that I am wrong. I think I am right. And the right position is not to ratify the Chemical Weapons Convention.  The distinguished Senator from Massachusetts talked about ``lulling'' people into a false sense of security. There is a very interesting editorial in the Wall Street Journal on that subject--that people are going to believe that something is going to be done with this, that it is going to eliminate or dramatically reduce chemical weapons. We have testimony from very distinguished, well-known, former Secretaries of Defense--four of them--who say that this, in fact, could increase the proliferation of chemical weapons around the world, and particularly in the area of rogue nations.  Let me just address one other thing because my beloved friend, Bob Dole,came out and changed the position that he had previously had. I certainly don't question his sincerity. But in his letter he said that the conditions or the concerns that he had previously had been met.  I happened to stumble onto the letter that was dated September 11, 1996, from Bob Dole to Trent Lott. I will read the last of one paragraph. He says, ``I have three concerns. First, effective verification. Do we have confidence that our intelligence will detect violations? Second, real reductions. In this case down to zero.''  He is putting an expectation of reducing the use of chemical weapons ``down to zero.''  ``Third, that it will truly be a global treaty.''  Mr. President, none of these three have been met--not one of these three conditions; certainly on verification. There is not one person who has stepped onto the floor of this Senate and said that this is a verifiable treaty. Nobody claims that it is. It is not verifiable. People who give us their word that they are not going to do it. That is fine. We can believe their word. Are we going to believe countries who have not lived up to their other treaties? Certainly not.  In the case of real reductions, ``down to zero''--getting one to say there are going to be any real reductions. Certainly not down to zero. Nobody has made that statement.  And will it be truly global? We have talked about the countries that are not a part of this treaty. And there are countries that are not like we are. We are talking about people who murder their own grandchildren, we are talking about Iraq, Syria, Libya, North Korea. So obviously, it is not a global treaty in any sense of the term.  In verifiability, it is kind of interesting. After the Persian Gulf war we set up a very meticulous system of verification within the United Nations that gave the inspectors from the United Nations far greater authority than the inspectors would have under this treaty. Yet we find out that in the midst of all of this that Iraq is making chemical weapons as we speak. If you can't do it with the information that they have, and the ability that they have from the United Nations, certainly it is not something that can happen under this treaty.  I have another concern. Mr. President, it is not just those who have not signed or who have not ratified the treaty. I look at some of the countries that have signed and they may or may not ratify. The distinguished Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl, earlier said that 99 percent of the known chemical weapons are in three countries: United States, China, and Russia. And not one of those countries has ratified this treaty. I doubt very seriously that they are going to ratify this treaty.  So we have all of these conditions that we are talking about that assume that, No. 1, those who are signatories to this treaty are going to ratify it; and, No. 2, the ones that ratify it will do what they have said they will do.  I think it is kind of interesting when you look at Russia, for example. I am not singling them out other than the fact that we have had more treaties with Russia. We have the 1990 Biological Weapons Destruction Treaty; the ABM Treaty that goes all the way back to the 1970's; we have the Strategic Armaments Reduction Treaty, START I; the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty, the CFE treaty; and the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty. In each one of these cases, the country involved--this country being Russia--has not lived up to the provisions of the treaty. In other words, they ratify a treaty. They are a signatory. Then they ratify, go through that elaborate process, and then they turn around and don't live up to it. They have been found in noncompliance by our State Department--this country--in each one of these five.  You have to ask the question: If Russia ratified five treaties and did not comply with any of the five, why would we expect that they would ratify this and not live up to it? One of the conditions that we have is that the Russians will ratify the treaty prior to the time that we would do it. People are saying oh, no, Russia will ratify but only if we do. I would like to remind my friends in this body that I was one of, I think, three Senators who voted against the START II Treaty and they used the same argument at that time. They said you have to ratify this thing, you have to ratify it before Russia because Russia is not going to ratify it if we do not ratify it. This is 2 years later, and they still have not ratified it. So we are still waiting.  So why will you expect if 2 years ago we passed the START II Treaty--and I think the Senator from North Carolina and I were two of the four votes that were against it--they said they were going to ratify after we did, and they didn't do it--why would they necessarily do it?  This global thing is very significant because here we talk about those who have signed the treaty and those who have ratified the treaty and, quite frankly, I do not care if a lot of those who have to ratify this treaty ratify it. I am not at all concerned about Canada, Costa Rica, the Fiji Islands, Switzerland, Togo, Singapore, Iceland. They are not threats to this country, but there are threats out there.  And a minute ago, someone, the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, quoted James Woolsey, former CIA Director. It is also James Woolsey who said we know there are somewhere in excess of 25 nations that currently have weapons of mass destruction, either biological, chemical, or nuclear and are working on the vehicle means to deliver those weapons. And so if these countries have them, these are not countries that we are friendly with or think like we do.  I have said on the Senate floor several times in the past that I look back sometimes wistfully to the days of the cold war, Mr. President, when they had two superpowers, the U.S.S.R. and the United States of America. We had an intelligence system that was pretty well informed. We pretty much knew what they had, and they pretty much knew what we had. Even though they were a threat to this Nation, certainly they were a threat and a quantity that could be measured and we could anticipate. Now we have countries like Iraq, and we have people, as I said before, who murder their own grandchildren and we are talking about the Qadhafis, Hafez Assads and those individuals who, I think, are a far greater threat in terms of what is available in technology out there with weapons of mass destruction including what we are addressing today, and that is chemical weapons. So the threat is a very real threat that is out there.  I understand from some of my close friends, Republican friends, that there are some of these conditions that they could either take or leave and are not as concerned about whether Russia ratifies the treaty in advance; they are not really concerned about whether there are no inspectors from terrorist countries. I can't really understand that, but they are concerned understandably about article X. And while everyone has put their own interpretation on article X, and instead of putting an interpretation on it let me just read. I hope that all of America could hear the exact wording of this treaty that we are being asked to endorse and to ratify. Section 3 of article X says:       Each State party undertakes to facilitate and shall have      the right to participate in the fullest possible exchange of      equipment, material and scientific and technological      information concerning means of protection against chemical      weapons.  Wait a minute now. We are talking about they would be able to look at what our defenses against chemical weapons are, not just what we have, what our technology is, how they might be able to copy our technology.  Moving on to section 5, it says:       The technical secretariat shall establish--       Incidentally, Mr. President, does it bother you, that      technical secretariat? I always wondered what happened to      sovereignty in this country. We have a group sitting over      there someplace; we are not sure who they are going to be,      but they are called the technical secretariat--       Not later than 180 days after entry into force of this      convention and maintain for the use of any requesting State      party a data bank containing freely available information      concerning various means of protection against chemical      weapons as well as such information as may be provided by      State parties.  Now, I look at this as a sovereignty issue again, because I do not know who these people are, but I do know this, that we have a lot of chemical companies in this country that have not been talked about very much. You talk about the CMA. That is, as I understand it, 192 chemical companies. Theyare the large ones, but there are somewhere between, it is estimated, 3 and 8,000 companies that would be affected by this treaty. Not all of them are chemical companies but about half of them, so you may be looking at 192 large chemical companies and maybe 4,000 small chemical companies and maybe it would be to their advantage to have very stringent requirements like this that would be a lot easier for large companies to stand behind than small companies.  Finally, Mr. President, I have so much respect for the three former Secretaries of Defense who testified before Senator Helms' committee, James Schlesinger, Don Rumsfeld, and Cap Weinberger. In fact, I have talked to each one of them, along with Dick Cheney, who would have been there to testify, but he was unable to make that schedule. But he has sent a letter that has been quoted from several times. These individuals all say essentially the same thing. They say that we are being asked to ratify a treaty that is not verifiable, that is not global, that does not have any effect on those countries that are considered to be our enemies, our adversaries out there. And they are out there, Mr. President, and also even those who say they will ratify and comply have demonstrated over and over again, such as Russia, that they have not complied with previous treaties.  By the way, speaking of Russia, it was interesting; last week in Janes Defense News, I read that the Russians had developed a type of chemical weapon, and they have developed it out of precursors that are not under this treaty. In other words, there are three precursors that they are using that they can develop these weapons with. So they would not be covered by this. I think maybe that is just a coincidence. Maybe there are other countries out there also that are saying all right, if this Chemical Weapons Convention goes in and we intend to comply with the provisions of it, which they probably are not, what can we do to build chemical weapons without using those precursor chemicals? And they are already doing it.  I would like to share lastly something that all four of these former Secretaries of Defense have said. They have said that there is a very good chance being a party to this treaty and ratifying this treaty could increase the proliferation of chemical weapons as opposed to reducing them. I would read one paragraph out of Dick Cheney's letter, and I do not think anyone is more respected than Dick Cheney in these areas.       Indeed, some aspects of the present convention, notably its      obligation to share with potential adversaries like Iran      chemical manufacturing technology that can be used for      military purposes and chemical defensive equipment, threaten      to make this accord worse than having no treaty at all. In my      judgment, the treaty's article X and XI amount to a formula      for greatly accelerating the proliferation of chemical      warfare capabilities around the globe.  So I would just say, Mr. President, that there has been a lot of lobbying going on, and I know the President's been very busy. I do not know what kind of deals have been made, but I do know that this is not something that is in the best security interests of the United States. I do sit on the Senate Armed Services Committee. I am the chairman of the readiness subcommittee. We are very much concerned about our State of readiness in terms of how to defend against chemical warfare. We deal with this subject every day. I am on the Intelligence Committee. We talk about this. But none of us on those two committees know about this as people such as Dick Cheney. I agree with them. We cannot afford to take a chance on a flawed treaty that could have the effect of increasing the proliferation of chemical weapons.  I thank the Chair.  