President, I want to thank Senator Chafee and his staff for the willingness to work in a cooperative manner with myself and the staff of the Subcommittee on Readiness.  The Sikes Act Amendment is a significant item of legislation that will directly impact the Department of Defense management of the 25 million acres of land it controls.  While Senator Chafee has highlighted some of the positive environmental aspects of this legislation, I would like to stress the need to ensure the preservation of the military mission, readiness and training.  The Sikes Act Amendment makes the preparation of integrated natural resource management plans mandatory for the military departments.  I have reluctantly agreed to the mandatory language of this provision because the Department of Defense and military departments support it and have insisted that this new environmental requirement will not undermine the military mission and will not increase funding for such planning activities.  It should be made clear that:  The Sikes Act Amendment is not intended to enlarge the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or State fish and wildlife agency authority over the management of military lands.  Natural resource management plans should be prepared to assist installation commanders in conservation and rehabilitation efforts that are consistent with the use of military lands for the readiness and training of the U.S. Armed Forces.  It is understood that many installations, about 80 percent, have already completed integrated natural resource management plans in cooperation with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and appropriate State fish and game agencies.  Given the level of agency cooperation, the time, the personnel, and funds involved in the completion of existing natural resource management plans, it is expected that most of these plans will satisfy the requirements of the Sikes Act Amendment and will not have to be redone.  I want to close with an emphasis on the need to ensure that the amendment will not result in an increased funding level for natural resource management plans and will not undermine military readiness and training.  As chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness, I intend to follow the implementation of this amendment, and its impact on military readiness, very carefully.  Senator Chafee, I want to thank you again and express my appreciation for our ability to work together on the Sikes Act Amendment and other environmental issues.  