President, I have been in the chair for the last few minutes listening to some of the comments that have been made. I would like to read one paragraph that I saw in yesterday's Wall Street Journal.  I would like to ask everyone, Mr. President, to listen very carefully, because we are only talking about three of a long list of things that are being investigated right now as far as the alleged transgression of the President.  Yesterday's Wall Street Journal has the editorial of which this is just one paragraph:       Travelgate, trumped-up Billy Dale prosecution, the secret      health-care task force, the 900 FBI files and bouncer/     security chief Craig Livingstone, alerts to the White House      from high Treasury officials on Resolution Trust Corporation      investigations, the guy who told the congressional committee      he lied to his diary, the brightest minds in the Democratic      Party suffering massive memory loss at congressional      hearings, the ``lost'' Rose Law Firm billing records, Webster      Hubbell's passage of the Justice to jail, Vince Foster's      torment, the Lincoln Bedroom rented out, Charlie Trie on the      run, John Huang taking the fifth, Jim and Susan McDougal      convicted, the Buddhist monastery/money laundry, the drug      dealers let in for the White House photo-ops, the routinely      cavalier treatment of legal and judicial procedures, and      independent counsels appointed for three members of the      Cabinet, one sitting American President and, for the first      time in history, one First Lady.       Everyone does it? We don't think so. At least up to now.  In this long list of alleged transgressions, the investigation right now is really only dealing with three things.  It is interesting for me that every time something comes up concerning campaign contributions that have been taken illegally, the President comes out and says we need campaign finance reform.  I would only comment, as did the Senator from Alaska, Senator Murkowski. How do we know that we need reform of campaign contributions until we live under the laws that we have today?  Currently it is illegal--under our current law--to accept foreign money from foreigners. It is illegal to launder money. It is illegal to solicit or accept money on Federal property.  That is what this is all about.  So I just hope as the debate goes on about campaign finance reform that we adopt an attitude that we should comply with the laws that are on the books right now and see how far that goes to resolving the problems.  Mr. President, I see that there is no other Senator seeking time, so I ask unanimous consent that I be recognized as if in morning business on another matter.  