President, first of all, I wish to thank you and those who are participating in this discussion for bringing this up. This is a very difficult and frustrating time for all of us, and I think the Senator from Nebraska, Mr. Hagel, gave a pretty good outline of what this is all about, what we want to accomplish, and what we have offered. And when I say ``we,'' I am not talking about the Republican Party. I am talking about Congress.  To put it in perspective, the House passed the tax cut bill on June 26--just June 26--and it passed by a fairly substantial margin, 253 to 179. There was a substitute that was offered by Congressman Rangel that has come in the nature of what the President is announcing now, and it was rejected by 197 to 235. Then the Senate, on the following day, June 27, passed a tax cut bill 80 to 18. When the minority leader, Senator Daschle, offered a substitute, it was rejected 38 to 61.  So we went through a long and arduous process of having 29 amendments. We finally came up with a product, and we went out for the Fourth of July recess. And after we were out, the President announced a different, totally different tax cut plan while Congress was out of town, when we did not have any chance to react to it, and now he is saying that he wants his plan. His plan doesn't really provide tax cuts that are meaningful and will have a positive effect on our economy.  I have to ask the question, Mr. President, what has happened to the Democrats in their philosophy? The whole idea that we can cut taxes and increase revenue is not a Republican idea, and yet it is totally rejected by this administration. I can remember when President Clinton was first elected. His chief financial adviser, Laura Tyson, was quoted as having said there is no relationship between the level of taxes that a country pays and its economic productivity.  I suggest that if that is true, if you carry that to its logical extreme, you could tax everybody 100 percent and they will work just as hard, but we know that does not happen. And up until this administration, the Democrats knew that that could not happen.  I have to credit a Democrat with the whole idea that you can increase revenue by cutting taxes, exactly what we are trying to do, looking at taxes in general. President Kennedy said in 1962, and this is a direct quote:       It is a paradoxical truth that tax rates are too high today      and tax revenues are too low, and the soundest way to raise      the revenues in the long run is to cut rates now.  The soundest way to raise revenues is to cut rates now. That is exactly what we are trying to do. And we remember what happened during the Kennedy administration. The first year he was in office, the total revenues that came in to support government, that we used to spend on government, amounted to $79 billion. After he went through his series of tax reductions, it had grown to $112 billion. We remember what happened during the Reagan administration. And we always hear from the other side that the Reagan administration came up with tax cuts and the deficits went up.  Well, sure, the deficits went up--not because of the tax cuts but because the liberals who dominated the Congress at that time voted for more government spending. And so in 1980, the total revenues that came in to run Government amounted to $517 billion. In 1990, the total revenues that came in were $1.03 trillion. It exactly doubled during that 10-year period.  Now, what happened during that 10-year period? During that 10-year period, we had the largest tax reductions in contemporary history. It has been shown--in fact, if you look at marginal tax rates, the revenues developed in 1980 were $244 billion; in 1990, it was $466 billion. And that happened during the time the tax rates were cut. So we know that we can increase revenues by reducing taxes and also relieve the burden on the American people to allow them to have more money--and not the rich. We know better than that. We have been playing that game and demagoging it for so long now that I think the American people are aware we are not talking about the rich.  With just a couple minutes remaining, I want to be more specific as to one of the particular tax cuts I feel very strongly about. In fact, Mr. President, you had made a comment about some of the farms in Wyoming. I had the same experience over the break. I was down in Lawton, OK, and I had a guy come up to me saying they were selling their family farm to a corporate farm because they could not get the price for some of their acreage in order to pay the estate taxes, and that's happening all over the country. They say, what is happening to the family-owned farm? That is what is happening.  I remember in our history, when this country was first founded and the pilgrims came over here and risked their lives--half of them did die--they came over for economic and for religious freedom. When they got over here, they established a system where each one had a plot of land to do with as he wanted and to be able to pass that wealth on from generation to generation. And it was so great, the wealth that was accumulated as a result of that, that in one of his letters back home John Smith said, now 1 farmer can grow more corn than 10 could before--because of that freedom that they had to be able to pass it on. It is called productivity, motivation, knowing the Government is not going to come in and take the money away from you that you have worked so hard to pass on to future generations.  Mr. President, I have six grandchildren, four children. I quit working for me. The motivation is for the future generations. When the estate tax was first formed, it was formed as a temporary tax. The maximum rate was 10 percent, and it was supposed to be dropped down.  I conclude by reading something that I found, an excerpt from a 1996 Heritage Foundation study that said if the estate tax were repealed, over the next 9 years the Nation's economy would average as much as $1.1 billion per year in extra output and an average of 145,000 additional jobs would be created, personal income would rise by an average of $8 billion per year above current projections, and the deficit would actually decline due to the growth generated by its abolishment.  So I think we need to reject the failed notion that has been proposed and stated over and over again by members of this administration, including Laura Tyson and the President himself, that we need to raise taxes and not lower taxes. We could actually raise revenues by lowering tax rates, and that is exactly what we intend to do and should do for ourselves, for the American people and for our country.  I yield the floor.  