I also, Mr. President, call to your attention the Commissioner in question is a resident--was a resident, I assume is still a resident--of Houston, TX, and she had not been on the staff of Senator Nickles for some time.  I think when we went through this process of determining whether or not anyone was prejudiced on that Commission, I asked every Commissioner questions. I asked them: ``Are you going to use the criteria in an unprejudiced manner?'' And they all responded yes. There is not one person who objected to Wendi Steele.  I will also say, I also quoted extensively Lee Kling. I don't believe Lee Kling was ever on Senator Nickles' staff.  I want to yield to the Senator from Georgia, but since it is so critical we know what the intent was, not just by reading the reports from the Commissioners, let me just go ahead and read a few things that actually came from the BRAC commission report. These are quotes, Mr. President, if you will bear with me for just a moment.       . . . significant excess capacity and infrastructure in the      Air Force depot system requires closure of the San Antonio      ALC.  They addressed separately the question in California. But the point here is, I keep hearing, don't worry about it, they are already closed. No one is going to be naive enough to say by closing it, they didn't fully intend to stop the excess capacity from taking place in Texas and in California. It was assumed that that would take place.  Second:       . . . closure of the San Antonio ALC and related activities      in Kelly AFB, including the defense distribution depot and      information processing megacenter, permits significantly      improved utilization of the remaining depots and reduces DOD      operating costs.  Third, another direct quote from the BRAC committee:       The Commission found the cost to realign Kelly AFB to be      less than that estimated by the DOD and the annual savings to      be significantly greater than DOD's estimate.  I heard someone, I believe it was the Senator from California, just a short while ago make a statement--maybe I am not attributing that to the right person--saying that the GAO study did not take into consideration relocation. The GAO study clearly did take into consideration relocation.  Quoting further:       The Commission assumed that a depot closure and      consolidation of work would permit a personnel reduction--  Listen, Mr. President--     of 15 percent of selected ALC personnel and a 50 percent      reduction in management overhead personnel.  Further quoting:       The decision to close the San Antonio ALC is a difficult      one, but given the significant amount of excess depot      capacity and limited defense resources, closure is a      necessity . . . The San Antonio ALC closure will permit      improved utilization of the remaining ALCs and substantially      reduce DOD operating costs.  I could go on all day with these things. There is a lot of redundancy here. But it clearly expresses to us what their decision was and what they meant.  The Commission staff presented data indicating large annual savings could be realized by consolidating engine maintenance activities at Tinker Air Force Base, OK. Both Kelly and Tinker are operating at less than 50 percent of their engine maintenance capacity. * * * The Commission urges the Air Force to consolidate engine maintenance activity at Tinker to reduce excess capacity. The Commission firmly believes that consolidation of engine activities will result in lower costs and increased efficiencies.  Again, Mr. President, there can be no doubt that even if you tried to isolate certain things that were said or maybe a rumor that was heard down in Kelly Air Force Base, I do not think we should be talking about statements that cannot be documented and rumors that someone said this or someone said something else.  If you just stop and realize, if you have five ALC's operating at 50-percent capacity, and you close two, and, as the bill calls for, you do not privatize anything in place there until the remaining, more efficient--according to the BRAC process--certification of ALC's located in Oklahoma and Utah and in Georgia are operating at a minimum of 75-percent capacity, I do not care if it is 65 percent, but the bottom line is anyone who has any business background knows that you cannot operate at 50-percent capacity and do so efficiently.  I do not think we need to attack the integrity of the independent commissioners. I feel that people like Wendie Steele and Lee Kling and the rest of them have spent time, their valuable time--sure there is compensation, but there are very few people who would be willing to take 2 years out of their lives to do nothing but evaluate the operation of literally hundreds of military installations.  Now, I have a lot more things to talk about. I would like to yield to the Senator from Georgia. You know, I commented several times, as he sat in there with us in the Senate Armed Services Committee, that this not a partisan thing. This is about defending America.  So I yield the floor.  