President, I saw a very interesting article in Friday's Washington Times that has brought to surface the truth that is so often avoided around here concerning our state of readiness in our Nation' defense system.  As the chairman of the readiness subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I have had occasion to visit many, many of the installations around the country. I have been in the European theater, most of the installations in England, Italy, Hungary, and, of course, several times to Bosnia, Camp Lejeune Marine Corps Base; Fort Hood, TX; Fort Bragg, NC; Corpus Christi Navy Air Base, and several others. What I am finding is that there are very serious problems they are facing.  Mr. President, I know you are aware, as chairman of the personnel subcommittee, of some of these problems and how they are affecting our state of readiness. One of the contributing factors, of course, is our contingency operations. We have two serious problems with contingency operations. First of all, they are very expensive. We had occasion to narrowly lose our resolution of disapproval in order to keep our troops from being sent over to Bosnia here back in December 1995--only by four votes. And one of the determining factors was they said it would be a 12-month operation, which we all knew better, but they also said that the cost of the operation would not exceed $2 billion, it would be somewhere between $1.5 and $2 billion. At that time we felt, with mission creep and the fact it was easy to go in and very difficult to come out, that it would cost more.  Well, sure enough. We are up there now, close to $7 billion it is going to cost us.  Where does that money come from, Mr. President? It comes from our readiness accounts. This has become a very serious problem.  The other problem is that it is using up our troops, keeping them from beingable to be trained properly should an emergency come along, should some type of war operation become necessary to face. I have been going around, and they have been bringing out problems such as equipment is wearing out well before its projected lifetime, excessive usage of spare parts, pushing our people so hard they no longer have time to train. At almost every unit I saw maintenance personnel cannibalizing perfectly good, new equipment to keep other equipment working, which may solve the problem for today but it is very labor intensive by the time they get the machines working again.  An Air Force maintenance officer told me, ``Our lack of spares has caused us to cannibalize perfectly good engines to keep others operating, requiring my maintenance troops to work even more hours to keep our planes flying. Our normal workweek is now 50 to 56 hours a week.''  With regard to OPTEMPO--when we talk about OPTEMPO, we are talking about the tempo of operations--an F-18 squadron commander told me, ``The high OPTEMPO at which our personnel are operating is definitely causing a strain on our people's families and the strain also affects my pilots' job performance.''  We know our retention is low. In my State of Oklahoma, we will spend--we actually save $86,000 a primary student. That is the savings. Imagine what it costs to put someone in training. Right now the airlines are coming along and taking some of our very best. And the ones I talked to, Mr. President, do not want to leave. They want to stay in. They are soldiers, they are fighters, but they have to do it. And their family situation is demanding that they do.  An Air Force F-16 squadron commander said, ``The number of days we fly to support Bosnia doesn't leave us with enough time to train. The only areas where we get training from our Bosnia missions is in reconnaissance and close air support. The rest of our training areas are suffering.''  This goes on and on. An Air Force C-130 squadron commander told how they are now up to 160 days in their TDY as opposed to their goal of 120.  Now, what does this do? It is quite obvious. When you talk to the services, you give them choices. You say, well, if you are going to have to take money to put in these contingency operations, it is going to either have to come out of force strength, readiness, quality of life, or modernization. Those are the only four areas over which we have control. And I can tell you that each one of the chiefs has said we cannot take any more money out of any of these areas.  Now, there is an assumption around here that somehow we have a state of readiness that would allow America to protect itself in two regional contingencies. I can tell you right now that this is not the case. In fact, it has been stated by most of the chiefs now that we could not fight today the Persian Gulf war.  I will just read a couple excerpts from the article that came out Friday morning. It is the first time I have seen it in print. It was in the Washington Times Friday morning. It said, ``The Air Force is suffering from pilots who have lost faith in their generals, jet engines that still don't work after repairs, and maintenance depots with little quality of work being produced. Pilots complain of poorly equipped fighter wings, too much time away from their families, and air patrol types of missions that do little to hone their air combat skills.'' And it goes on and on.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of my remarks the article of Friday morning be printed in the Record.  