President, I am pleased that the Senate has seen fit to pass the Oklahoma City National Memorial Act of 1997 (S. 871). I believe this was an important piece of legislation and one deserving immediate enactment. Once again, I would like to thank my colleague, Senator Nickles, for being the originating and driving force behind this piece of legislation in the Senate and Representative Lucas for shepherding through similar legislation in the House.  Earlier, when we considered this bill, we were given the opportunity and the responsibility of remembering a unique group of American heroes. To most, these individuals are nameless, faceless victims of a savage terrorist attack. However, to friends and family of the victims they are remembered as far more. They are remembered as husbands, wives, and children. It was important for the rest of us to recognize the lives of these men, women, and children in their proper context.  The 168 individuals who were killed during this cowardly attack, as well as those who were fortunate to survive, deserve our honor and utmost respect. It is fitting that the memorial was designed to honor them both in an appropriate and visible way. The victims of the bombing represent the true backbone of America. Their lives serve as atestament to what this country is, what it can be, and what will be. As heroes, they will be honored. As individuals, they will be missed, mourned, and remembered as the true embodiment of our great American spirit.  In addition to the immediate victims of the bombing, we have also recognized the law enforcement officials, the emergency rescue personnel, and the countless volunteers who rushed to our aid in our moment of crisis. The proposed memorial's acknowledgment of not only the victims, but the others involved in the rescue process, was artfully done to remind all of us that we are part of a nation that cares and responds to those in need.  The establishment of the memorial is not only appropriate but an important tool for teaching future generations of Americans what we are all about--coming together. It is also a reminder to us that the price of our freedom is eternal vigilance against those who would rob us of our sense of security through acts of terrorism.  Throughout the entire legislative process, I was pleased to note the extent of involvement by the survivors and the families of those who tragically lost their lives, as well as the larger community. This type of cooperation is not only indicative of how Oklahomans get things done, but will result in a Memorial that is aesthetically designed and truly meaningful to all those who will visit the site for generations to come.  In closing, I would like to thank my colleagues for recognizing the importance of this legislation and giving it their immediate attention. We can all be proud we will now have a suitable memorial to honor the lives of the men, women, and children killed in the bombing.  