President, Mother Teresa, truly a saint, died last week at age 87. I think we have all talked about her and the fact she dedicated her life to helping the poor and the sick, the dying around the world, particularly in India. But I remember so well a morning on February 3, 1994. It was a National Prayer Breakfast. We had invited Mother Teresa to come and be our speaker. She did not reject. She just said, well, if the Lord is willing, I will be there. And we said, do you think he will be willing? And she wasn't too sure.  Nonetheless, she did show up and we had an audience of 3,000 people in the hotel, including the President and his wife, and the Vice President and Mrs. Gore, and congressional leaders, people from all over the Hill and from all over America. Every State was represented, almost every country was represented, and, of course, in addition to that there was a television audience of millions.  Mother Teresa gave really an extraordinary speech. It was referred to by columnist Cal Thomas as ``the most startling and bold proclamation of truth to power I have heard in my more than 30 professional years in Washington.''  I think a lot of us know Peggy Noonan. She was the speech writer for Ronald Reagan. She called it ``a breathtaking act of courage.''  In describing it she said Mother Teresa was introduced and spoke of God and love and families. She said, ``We must love one another and care for one another.'' And she described it that there were ``great purrs of agreement'' from the audience. And I remember that so well because I was one who was purring.  But the speech became more pointed at that moment.  Mother Teresa--and I am quoting now, Mr. President--said:       I feel that the greatest destroyer of peace today is      abortion, because it is a war against the child, a direct      killing of the innocent child, murder by the mother herself.      And if we accept that a mother can kill her own child, how      can we tell people not to kill one another?  She said:       By abortion, the mother does not learn to love but kills      even her own child to solve her problems. And, by abortion,      the father is told that he does not have to take any      responsibility at all for the child he has brought into the      world. That father is likely to put other women into the same      trouble. So abortion just leads to more abortion.  Then she said:       Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its      people to love, but to use any violence to get what they      want. This is why the greatest destroyer of love and peace is      abortion.  Mrs. Noonan described the scene:       For about 1.3 seconds there was complete silence, then      applause built up and swept across the room. But not      everyone: the President and the First Lady, the Vice      President and Mrs. Gore looked like seated statues at Madame      Tussaud's, glistening in the lights and moving not a muscle.  I remember when Mother Teresa then looked over at President and Mrs. Clinton and she said:       Please don't kill the child. I want the child. Please give      me the child. I am willing to accept any child who would be      aborted and to give that child a married couple who will love      the child and be loved by the child.       From here, a sign of care for the weakest of weak--the      unborn child--must go out to the world. If you become a      burning light of justice and peace in the world, then really      you will be truest to what the founders of this country stood      for.  Mr. President, we must revere Mother Teresa for what she was, the saint that she was, and we must remember her. But I think most of all we must listen to her. I repeat: ``Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love but to use any violence to get what they want. This is why the greatest destroyer of love and peace is abortion.''  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hagel). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  