I think he made one of the best presentations I have heard on the floor of this body. I want to say that, when he deals with the facts, he is dealing with the facts but, you know, we are also dealing today with perceptions. I tried to make a list of those things I have heard over and over. There is a lot of redundancy on this floor but there are some things that have not been stated. I would like to share a couple of those with you.  I am going to do something that is a little unusual, because I am going to read some Scriptures to you. It is not totally unprecedented in this body. In fact, the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia does it quite often. So I would like to read a couple of Scriptures, just for those who care. Anyone who does not, don't listen.  First of all, I have used this a number of times, Jeremiah 1:35 says, ``Before I formed you in the womb I knew you; Before you were born I sanctified you.''  Or the 139th Psalm, no matter which interpretation you use, it makes it very clear when life begins.  Then, I was, not too long ago, at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum. I had been to the museum in Jerusalem, and I found the same thing was printed on the last brick as you are going through. This is Deuteronomy 30, verse 19. It said: ``I call heaven and earth as witnesses today against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing; therefore choose life, that both you and your descendants may live.''  And, last, I am always concerned that something that is as dramatic and is as significant as this issue is going to go unnoticed; that maybe there are Senators out there who are not really into this issue and they might want to vote the party line, or they might want to say, well, maybe there aren't as many of these procedures out there, so they just really are not knowledgeable of the subject. So, I will read Proverbs 24, 11 and 12:       Rescue those who are unjustly sentenced to death. Don't      stand back and let them die. Don't try to disclaim      responsibility by saying you didn't know about it, for God      knows. Who knows all hearts knows yours, and He knew that you      know.  Mr. President, I was listening to the Senator from Massachusetts who said it does not do any good if we pass this because the President is going to veto it anyway. But I suggest to you that the President may not veto it, and if he does veto it, maybe some people will come over who were not here a year ago on this side of the aisle.  Ron Fitzsimmons who just last year insisted that the number of partial birth abortions were a relative handful now admits ``I lied through my teeth.''  He was lying. So if the President is predicating his decision to veto this ban on the basis of what was told to him by Ron Fitzsimmons, there is every reason he could turn around on the issue. I suggest also that we are talking now not just about a procedure, but a culture.  I have a very good friend by the name of Charles W. Colson who gave these remarks upon winning the prestigious Templeton Prize for contribution to religion. Listen very carefully. He puts it all together, not isolating one procedure or one issue:       Courts strike down even perfunctory prayers, and we are      surprised that schools, bristling with barbed wire, look more      like prisons than prisons do. Universities reject the very      idea of truth, and we are shocked when their best and      brightest loot and betray. Celebrities mock the traditional      family, even revile it as a form of slavery, and we are      appalled at the tragedy of broken homes and millions of unwed      mothers. The media celebrate sex without responsibility, and      we are horrified by plagues. Our lawmakers justify the taking      of innocent lives in sterile clinics, and we are terrorized      by the disregard for life in blood-soaked streets.  I think that kind of puts it into a context, which we are now approaching, that this is not just a normal type of an abortion.  I have a great deal of respect for one of the most intellectual Members of this body. It is Senator Patrick Moynihan from New York, who is a self-proclaimed pro-choice Senator. He said:       And now we have testimony that it is not just too close to      infanticide, it is infanticide, and one would be too many.  This is where we get into the numbers game. I heard it said on this floor many times that we are talking about maybe 1 percent or maybe talking about those that are in the ninth month may be an infinitesimal number. But, in fact, one is too many. It was said on the floor that we may be only talking about 200 lives being taken during the normal delivery process. That is when a baby is given a natural birth and, yet, they take the life by using this barbaric procedure. We have all kinds of documentation that it is being done in the ninth month and during the normal birth process. They say only 200.  Mr. President, I am from Oklahoma, and we lost 168 lives in the Murrah Federal Office Building bombing. This was the largest domestic terrorist attack in American history. Did anybody say that is only 168 lives that were lost in Oklahoma City? No, the entire Nation came with compassion and mourned with us. One life, I agree with Senator Moynihan, is too many.  One other issue that has not been discussed in this debate this year is that of pain, and rather than go into it, I do not think anyone refutes the fact that a small baby, if that baby is certainly past the second trimester, feels pain every bit as much as anybody who is in here, as any Member of the U.S. Senate would feel pain. There was a study conducted in London, and I have the results here, but I think everyone understands that this is something that is very real, that these babies do feel pain.  I have a picture of a good friend of mine with me. His name is Jason--James Edward Rapert. Back when people our age were having babies, they would not even let you in the hospital, let alone the delivery room. When my daughter, Molly, called up and said, ``Daddy, the time is here, could you come over,'' and I went over to the hospital, she said, ``Would you like to come into the delivery room?"  ``Wow, yes, I would.''  So I saw for the first time what many of you in this room have seen, and many of the women have experienced personally, but I was there when this little guy was born. It is hard to describe to some of the men here who have not been through that experience of seeing this wonderful life begin, and I can remember when, in that room where the delivery took place, it occurred to me that when Baby Jase, my grandson, was born, that that is at a moment when they could have used this procedure inflicting all of the pain you have heard described so many times: Going into the cranium with the scissors, opening up the scissors, suck the brains out, the skull collapses. Awful. And there are individuals who want to keep a procedure like this legal. If you did that to a dog, they would picket in front of your office. Somehow we have developed a culture that puts a greater value on the lives of critters than human life.  So I watched Baby Jase being born, and I suggest to those of you who are concerned about choice that this is really the choice. It is either that choice or this choice. Those are the choices we are faced with today.  Mr. President, this is something on which I agree with the Senator from Pennsylvania. We should not be having to talk about it. To think 100 years from now they may look back and talk about that barbaric society that killed their own young, and here we are just trying to save a few lives from a very painful death. But nonetheless, that is the issue we are faced with today. I yield the floor.  