Kyl], when he approached the economics of this issue. Unfortunately, when we talk about tax reductions, there is a mindset that if you reduce taxes, you reduce revenues. History has shown us very clearly that is not the case.  In fact, it was a Democrat who first came up with the idea that you could actually increase revenues by reducing taxes, and that was President Kennedy back in the early 1970's when he said we have a problem in this country; we have to increase revenues, but we also are overtaxed, so the best way to increase revenues is to reduce the tax rates.  Now, today, the Democrats do not think that way. The liberals in Congress think that it is a static situation, and that if you raise taxes nothing else happens.  That, of course, is not true. I remind my colleagues that in 1980, the total amount of money used to run Government was $570 billion, the total revenue that came in in 1980. In 1990, the total revenue that came in to run Government was $1 trillion 30 billion. That is almost exactly double what it was in 1980.  Well, what happened during that decade? During that decade, we had the largest tax reductions we have ever had in this country's history. So the same thing that happened back during the Kennedy administration when he had the wisdom to say we have to increase revenues and the best way to do this is to reduce taxes happened again in the 1980's. Unfortunately, we have an administration in the White House that does not understand this.  In fact, I was amazed early in this administration when Laura Tyson, who is the chief economic adviser to the President of the United States, President Clinton, back in 1992 said--and this is nearly a direct quote--there is no relationship between the level of taxes a nation pays and the amount of economic productivity of that nation.  That is saying they believe if you tax everybody 100 percent, they are going to work as hard as if you taxed them 10 percent. This is what Senator Kyl was getting to, that there is a relationship between the level of taxation and the productivity of a nation. In fact, to be specific, for each 1-percent increase in economic activity of a country it increases new revenue $24 billion.  So those of us who are conservative, those of us who believe that what history has taught us is very factual are standing here saying we want to lower taxes, we want to do as Senator Kyl suggested and make it more difficult for people to raise taxes. I suggest, if you go back and look at the votes that took place to raise taxes, at least in the 10 years I have been here, it has always passed by maybe 1 or 2 percent. If you put a supermajority on that, I believe we can accomplish a lot.  And so as the speakers before me have indicated, there are a lot of advantages here to get this machine working and to become more productive, and if for no other reason than the distinguished Senator from Minnesota said--we who are elected to the Senate, that is, those of us in the Chamber right now, in 1994 committed and promised that we would vote for a balanced budget and reduce taxes, and we are going to do that.  I yield the floor.  