President, I think we all know certain things are true and incontrovertible. One is that a base closing is a very difficult thing to do politically and a very difficult thing to endure as a Member of the U.S. Senate or a Member of the other body, because people look to us and they look to us and say, ``You are responsible for saving what we have here.''  I am not eloquent enough to describe the anguish that people go through, that cities go through, that counties and the States go through during a BRAC process. They go out and they hire consultant after consultant and they spend hundreds of thousands of dollars. They go through all of this and, finally, the recommendations come down. We have gone through that in 1991, 1993 and 1995, and it was necessary. It was, I guess, the Army that came up with the initial idea that we try to eliminate excess capacity and infrastructure. But we haven't been able to do it because politically it can't be done. There is no better evidence of that than what is happening today.  They established a process that was to be totally free from political interference. Seemingly, it worked for a while. I don't have the exact number of installations that have been closed down, but we all understand that we are going through a difficult time with our defense. We all understand that we have a President of the United States who is not strong on defense. He would like to have us think there is no threat out there, that the cold war is over, so we can start reducing down to the point where we cannot begin to defend America on two regional fronts. We all know that is true today.  The bottom line is that we had too much infrastructure. It was up here. So we brought it down, in 1991, 1993 and 1995, to a level that is down now and still a little bit above our force strength. As far as future BRACs are concerned, I contend that I don't want to get this infrastructure down so artificially low so that when we rebuild, we will not have the infrastructure to accommodate that. I agree with the Senator from Georgia, who says that we have to position ourselves so that we know if we go through all of this anguish again, we will not have political interference.  Anyway, I am going to tell you a story, Mr. President, and you may not believe me. I think you know me well enough to know that I do tell the truth. I was in a very tough election when I was in the other body, and I ran for the Senate in 1994. I ran against a guy who is young, articulate, and a very smart young man. He was a Member of the House of Representatives, a member of the other party. He was on the House defense committee at that time, which was called the House Armed Services Committee, now called the House National Security Committee. He said, ``Elect me and I will use political influence to make sure that none of the bases are damaged in the BRAC processes.'' We have five installations in the State of Oklahoma.  I made a public statement in the newspaper. I said, ``I will not use political influence because I know we have to do something about this infrastructure. What I will do is I will stay out of it until the recommendations are made, and when they are made, I will walk through fire to defend the recommendations of the BRAC committee, because the system has to work. We can't allow this to become a politicized system.''  So we did that pretty well. I have a list here of various States and Senators that cooperated when they came through in 1991, 1993, and 1995 and said they wanted to close certain bases. They said, well, it is going to hurt at home, hurt me politically, but we are going to have to do it. They bit the bullet.  Now we are asked to make two exceptions. I agree with the Senator from Georgia when, certainly, the Senator from Texas is put in a very awkward situation by our President because, in August of 1996, right before the election, when President Clinton was campaigning out in California with a huge number of electoral votes, he said this to them and made a commitment that ``I will see to it that no jobs are lost in California and no jobs are lost in Texas, and we will privatize.'' He grabbed that out of the air. So that commitment had to be--I don't think there is anybody in America today that doesn't know that that was a highly politically charged commitment and statement he made. He made that statement. Then that puts everybody in the position that, wait a minute, if you have the President agreeing that we are not going to close those installations, McClellan and Kelly, in California and Texas, what about you Senators, aren't you going to stand behind the President? You have that leverage.  That is where we are today. So we went through this process. I find myself in the situation now that the recommendations have been made that we are going to have to stand behind the recommendations.  I want to suggest to you, Mr. President, we have made some compromises. Senator McCain from Arizona had some objections and concerns in our committee. I am chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee. We went through this and debated these issues for hours and hours on how to protect the integrity of the BRAC system because it became a dollar decision. We were going through the marking up of an authorization bill where we are trying to rebuild our defenses and sustain a level that will adequately protect America. We have considerations on modernization programs that cost money. We have barracks out there needing replacement. There are quality-of-life issues and modernization issues. These things are maybe $100,000or maybe $1 million a lick. We have had to turn them down.  Now we have an opportunity to follow the recommendations of the BRAC committee and save the defense system approximately $468 million a year. Now, if you carry that out to 5 years, you are talking about $2.34 billion. If you don't do that, where is the money going to come from? If they are successfully able to compete and end up with the jobs in Texas or California, or privatize in place, it is the same thing. We don't want to confuse people. Those people advocating competition realize that they want competition because they want to protect the jobs there. I understand this. Just because it is dealing in semantics, privatization in place, or competition, where they will be able to leave the jobs there, it doesn't make a difference. The bottom line, as the Senator from Georgia said, is that we will still have five air logistic centers. So it came out with the recommendations. GAO said that if we don't do it, it is going to cost $2.34 billion over a 5-year period. That is money that has to, realistically, come out of the defense system. I don't know where it is going to come from.  Mr. President, we had several hearings where we had the chiefs of services. So I asked each of the four chiefs of services, ``Where are you going to come up with this money?'' If we end up having to violate the BRAC and it ends up costing us $2 billion, where are you going to come up with the money? It can only come from four areas: Modernization, quality of life, force strength, and readiness. So I asked each one. They said, ``We can't take it out of any of those because we are underfunded if all four areas.'' They said at one time that it was going to cost another $2 billion in 1 year to bring us up to meeting the minimum of the expectations of the American people to protect America on two regional fronts.  So we have the recommendations. They said, ``All right. If you have five ALC's located in Georgia, Oklahoma, Utah, Texas, and California, we will select two of those to close.'' And they used the criteria to operate more efficiently. And we could get into 2 or 3 hours of discussion on how this process works, and how they used the criteria in evaluating the effectiveness of various installations. They came up with the conclusion that we are going to have to close two, and those two should be McClellan and Kelly in California and in Texas.  When you do that, you redistribute that so that workload goes on to the remaining ALC's. Of course, that will increase the number of jobs in other States. I understand that. But, if you do not do that, you will still be operating five ALC's at 50 percent capacity. The only difference is they will be owned--two of them--by the private sector. You still have the same problem that existed.  So, if you look at what the alternatives are and look at what we have gone through in the committee process, you will see that we have really given in a lot. I suggested to the Senator from Texas that it was the QDR--Quadrennial Review Defense--review that we went through, and the Secretary of Defense came in, and said, ``We think that we should change 60-40 to 50-50.'' He made some other recommendations. He said, ``We also need to have two more BRAC.'' It so happens that the Senator from Arizona, Senator McCain, said, ``I think we ought to change it to 50-50.''  So we sat down, and worked it out. And we agreed to do that. So there have been compromises during this process. We debated this. We went through the whole committee system. We came out, and finally said that even though as individuals it is going to be politically very difficult as it is, and every time you shut down a military installation--we have done over 100 of them so far--it is always difficult to do. It is difficult for the local House and Senate Members. But it has to be done. So the committee voted unanimously to do that.  Some people have suggested that the GAO report is not accurate. We actually had the committee meeting where we had the GAO people there.  We said, ``We want you to be sure that we understand you correctly. You are saying this is going to cost $468 million. Do you still stand by that today?''  They said, ``The data, as near as we can determine, indicates that that is what the cost will be.''  I said, ``Have you considered everything; privatization in place?''  They said, ``Yes, we have considered that. That is part of the report.''  So we have an extensive report right here by the GAO that comes up with these conclusions. Some people have suggested that perhaps it was not a part of that report. I will quote something from the report. According to GAO, ``The cost to operate the other depots at 50-percent capacity will far exceed any projected savings through public-private competition, $468 million. This fact begs the question: What is the real objective of public-private competition? The only feasible answer is to save jobs, and Texas and California are to appease the private sector appetite for new business. Neither is an acceptable answer.''  So we did this. We went through this thing. We looked at what the GAO was recommending, and decided that we were going to have to do that.  This hearing that we had lasted about 3 hours. They said there is no question about the fact that we are going to have to do something to build the others up to a reasonable respectable capacity.  So that gets into the next issue. ``What is the respectable capacity of the remaining ALC's in order to have this logistics system function in a prudent manner in the United States?'' GAO said somewhere between 75 and 85 percent.  You might ask. Why not get them up to 95 or 100 percent? The reason is very clear. If something should happen that we should have to go to war, we are going to have to have that excess capacity to take care of the needs to meet the new threat that is out there.  That sounds very reasonable. So we have left it there. It is not exactly the same in the House bill as the Senate bill. In the House bill it was 80 percent, and in the Senate bill it was 75 percent--75 percent because Senator McCain thought that 75 percent would be a better number.  So again, we caved in a little bit on that. So we are now talking about what to do with this and whether or not we should allow this process to be violated for the first time.  I would just suggest to you that almost every State has had to undergo the closure of some type of installation. It would be very difficult.  I saw Senator Sessions walking through here just a minute ago. For him to go back to the State of Alabama and say that we now are going to go ahead and make an exception, and they would say, ``Wait a minute. Why wasn't the exception made in Alabama, in fact, where we really wanted to keep our bases open?''  So it is difficult when you lose jobs. We have had to bite the bullet and go through this. A majority of the Members of this U.S. Senate have had to go through with that.  Mr. President, there has also been some discussion that perhaps they left an option open. I know several people who for political reasons would like to believe that there is another option that is out there, and they clearly said they had been closed out.  Let me read a couple of the things that I think are necessary for us to understand. If it had been the intent of the BRAC Commission to leave an option to privatize in place, they would have said there is an option to privatize in place. In the case of 1993 BRAC round in Newark, the Newark Air Force Base, they said, ``The workload can either be contracted out to one or more of several existing manufacturers, or privatize in place.''  They said in the 1995 Naval Service Warfare Center in Louisville, ``Transfer workload equipment and facilities to the private sector for local jurisdiction, as appropriate, if the private sector can accommodate the workload on-site.'' That is privatization in place on-site. But what they clearly intended in this case was not to have privatization in place--not to leave the jobs on site because they want to consolidate them.  Last, I want to mention that this should not be a jobs issue. This is a national security issue. The whole reason, Mr. President, that we came up initially on this 60-40, which was a ratio--it was arbitrary, and I am the first one to say that it is arbitrary and needs to be changed at a date when we can correct the national security ramifications of this issue. But until thenwe are trying to keep some type of a ratio in place that would allow the public sector to be able to know that in case of war we are not going to be held hostage by one supplier.  That is the big issue. Should that be 60 percent? I was willing to go 50 percent. But I think a better solution is to do what we did in this bill. We have a good bill. In this bill for the first time we have defined what core is. Core is for those functions that are performed that are necessary for us to defend America. That is a fairly simple definition. But that is it.  So, if we define core, then we say that we are going to have to do the core work on site. That would solve the problem. We wouldn't be talking about 60-40 or 50-50.  So I made a commitment to Senator McCain that, if we can go ahead and drop the 50-50, let's give it a couple of years. Let's allow them to see how this works with our new definition of core, and see if we can't solve it that way and get away from this somewhat arbitrary type of a formula.  So the real issue here is twofold, I would say. One is we have involved a lot of money, and, if we do not do this, we are going to have to come up with it somewhere. It is going to be a very costly process if we agree that we are going to violate the intent and the letter of the BRAC.  No. 2, this is even more important than just the money; that is, we are talking about defending America. We are talking about having a capability in the public sector to be able to have air logistics centers. That will keep our airplanes in the air, and will keep our soldiers fighting in the event that war comes up.  People would like to say there is not that threat out there. I am not going to go into my normal speech that I make when we talk about this. I have to tell you. I look wistfully back to the days of the cold war when we had one other superpower, and our intelligence knew pretty well where they were. We knew what threat was out there, and we defined that threat. We could predict how the Soviets were going to act. That is not true anymore. We have some 25 nations that have weapons of mass destruction. We have a country that was just written about in yesterday's newspaper in the Washington Times that the Chinese now are selling more and more technology in systems to deliver those weapons of mass destruction to countries like Iran.  So we are faced not with just one single predictable superpower who poses a threat to us but also to many, many powers out there.  So as a member of the Armed Services Committee, as chairman of the Readiness Committee, I can say that the big issue here is we have a country to defend and as difficult as the process is, as difficult as it is to go through, as upset as I am with the President for politicizing this in August 1996, nonetheless, we are going to have to try to stay as close to the recommendations as possible. Because, if we violate it just one time, I can tell you right now it is not only going to be the Senator from Georgia who said, ``If we do not go ahead and carry out the recommendations of the 1995 round, I am going to oppose any future BRAC recommendations.'' I can assure you that I will do the same thing. I imagine the majority of the Members of this Senate are going to come up with the position that if we do not carry out the recommendations that were clearly identified in the 1995 round that we are not going to have any more base closure rounds.  So for the time being, I yield the floor, and will stay engaged here.  