President, let me just real quickly cover some of the things that have been said in the last 10 or 15 minutes.  First of all, I do not like the way this ended up because we had to agree, in order to bring everyone in and to have a unanimous vote in the Senate Armed Services Committee, to allow the President of the United States to interfere and to politicize the BRAC process for the first time since it went in place in the round of 1989.  Second, a quote has been attributed to me that I do not think that the private sector is going to want to bid on this. I think that is accurate, because the private sector would have liked very much to bid if they could get free--for maybe a dollar a year--a huge facility down in Texas or one in California. Sure, that would be certainly to their advantage, but the taxpayers would lose.  All we are saying is: If you want to have free and open competition, let us take all costs, direct and indirect costs, to the Department of Defense and throw them in there.  Two big costs: No. 1, the cost of the installation that would be used if privatization in place took place; and, No. 2, the cost of the excess capacity in the remaining three air logistics centers, which the GAO said would be about $468 million a year.  Third, in terms of charges that have been made about competition, no one in this Chamber is going to be able to stand any higher than I do on my background in privatization. When I was mayor of Tulsa, I privatized everything that wouldn't move.  This is different. This is our Nation's defense. However, this bill provides for privatization. It just says that we are going to have to take all costs into consideration.  Fourth, there is one other area in the bill. It is called ``teaming.'' Right now under the current law, if this should be defeated, the private sector would not be able to go to the air logistics center in Georgia or anyplace else and compete because they are precluded from doing so. This defense authorization bill provides for much greater opportunity for the private sector to compete.  The issue that the junior Senator from California brought up on privatization in place--she was not in here when I covered the details in that. The BRAC recommendations specifically precluded privatization in place for the air logistics centers. She quoted words out of the BRAC language, but she neglected to read the last sentence, which I will read to you: ``Move the requiredequipment and any required personnel to the receiving locations.''  Mr. President, you, of course, are a businessman. We have already heard your pitch. I agree with everything that you said. But the cost of keeping three air logistics centers at 50 percent capacity is a huge cost and has to be considered in the consideration of this.  I came to the House of Representatives in 1987. That was my first year. One of the persons I had the most respect for was a Congressman by the name of Dick Armey. And Dick Armey, for the first time, convinced me that we have a real serious problem with excess capacity. We have never been able to do away with it because of the political interference of the local Congressman, of the Senators, and sometimes of the President.  So he set up a system called the BRAC process. This process was to be free of any political interference--any political interference. He said, ``Someday I'm going to regret this because I'm going to have to go against my own State when we have to close down some type of installation.''  But you know, Mr. President, it worked. We went through, not three, as the senior Senator from Texas suggested, but we went through four BRAC rounds--1989, 1991, 1993, and 1995. During these BRAC rounds, we closed over 100 major installations.  I suggest to you, Mr. President, that we would not have been able to close one of them if it had not been for Dick Armey from Texas, the Congressman who established the whole BRAC process. So while we talk about not having parochial interests, I can assure you that I do not. In fact, I am on record in the State of Oklahoma, in 1994, in my election to the Senate, the first time I was elected, they used it against me, because I said, ``I will not use political interference and will not try to politicize the system.'' That was used against me.  So Congressman Armey prevailed. As a result of that, we have been able to close a lot of excess capacity. The other day he made a speech on the floor. Mr. President, I do not have the time--I was going to read the entire speech, but there isn't time remaining to do that. But I will just read one paragraph out of it. This is Congressman Dick Armey from the State of Texas:       We had three rounds in base closing, and we are all very      proud of the process because politics never intruded into the      process. That ended in round four. And all of my colleagues      knew at the time, and we know now, that the special      conditions for McClellan and Kelly, California and my own      State of Texas, where you might think I have a parochial      interest, were in a political intervention.       We talk about this being privatization. No, it is not. It      is a new concept. It is privatization in place, created      specifically for these two bases in an election year for no      purpose other than politics.  That is a quote from Texas Congressman Dick Armey, the founder of this system.  Finally, Mr. President, they keep talking about, ``We had a deal.'' There was never any deal that was had. We have been negotiating this thing now for well over a year. And we negotiated it in years prior to this. We are trying now to get a defense authorization bill. We have caved in. We have provided for privatization in place so long as we take all costs into consideration.  When it has been stated several times by the distinguished senior Senator from Texas that only a small number or group of people are concerned about this, I suggest to you that this bill that we are talking about, this conference report was passed out of the Senate Armed Services Committee by a vote of 18 to zero--18 to zero.  A couple of nights ago--last night I guess it was--it was voted on in the House of Representatives. The vote was 286 to 123. I suggest to the senior Senator from California, if she is convinced that the President is going to veto this, we have the votes to override a veto. We are not going to allow the President to say, ``I'm vetoing a bill because I want to politicize the system for the first time since its inception in 1988.''  So, Mr. President, I feel very strongly that we have an opportunity here to have a defense authorization bill that does far more than correct a problem that has been there in the depots. It takes care of many, many needs to try to keep America strong. I agree with the Senator from Texas when he talks about the fact that our defense has been decimated. It has been decimated. We are going to try to do something about saving, in this case with this change in the air logistics centers, some $468 million a year.  Mr. President, there are two individuals who are here who have not been heard from. I ask unanimous consent that both the chairman and the ranking minority member of the Senate Armed Services Committee be allowed to speak for 1 minute each.  