President, I know there is some misunderstanding over what is happening right now in terms of this emergency supplemental, and I believe maybe some clarification would be in order.  The very distinguished Senator from Minnesota spent 30 minutes expressing his anxiety over the passage of this emergency supplemental legislation. Let me assure you, Mr. President, if you were listening to that, that there are not any people in North Dakota or in Minnesota right now who are going without the emergency provisions that are authorized. And, as a matter of fact, there are some things that won't really be done, such as the outright replacing of infrastructure and some of those things.  So it is not as if those people are being ignored. It is not as if we went off and took a vacation during the time that was happening.  But I think it is important to mention a couple of other things that are in this emergency supplemental. I am hoping that the President won't veto it. It is not at all unusual that the bill is not sent to the President. If it were sent to the President after it was only passed on Thursday night, by Monday morning, then, that would probably set some new kind of a record around here. Things don't move that fast. There is nothing unusual about the fact that this bill has not been sent to the President. But this presupposition that the President is going to veto it, I think, is really wrong. I think the President will have to look very closely at whether or not he wants to veto this emergency legislation.  For one thing, it is the President that got us into the situation that we are in in Bosnia right now. But we should never have sent troops over to Bosnia when you have a military budget that is suffering and while we have great threats that are out there to send troops on humanitarian missions and peacekeeping missions all around the world where we don't have strategic interests at stake.  I can remember 18 months ago standing on this floor when the President of the United States said that the cost in Bosnia would be somewhere between $1.5 and $2 billion. At that time I said, ``I bet it will be $8 billion before it is over.'' Guess what? It is already passing through $6.5 billion. And some of the money that is in this emergency supplemental is going to be going to support the effort in Bosnia. It has already been paid.  But this is replenishing, the same as it is up in North Dakota and for some of the flood victims. They have been addressed. Problems have been addressed. Of course, we do need to replenish that emergency fund, which we intend to do.  But I think the main thing is the idea that the President is going to automatically veto this. I think you know that the automatic continuing resolution is on this, which I think is very, very good. It wasn't too long ago that the President shut down the Government and blamed the majority party for it, and if we had this continuing resolution in place, that couldn't happen again. All we want to do is to be sure that we are going to be able to carry on Government and let Government operate in the event there is an impasse between Congress and the President of the United States on some appropriations bills. That is exactly what this is all about. So, if we had the continuing resolution that is passed, which is a part of this emergency supplemental legislation, then the continuing resolution will provide that Government won't shut down, that it will continue to operate at last year's funding level, which I think is very reasonable. We don't want to shut down Government. That way, we can ensure it won't happen. That is all in this emergency supplemental.  So I am hoping, of course, that the President doesn't use the automatic continuing resolution as an excuse to veto this bill, because if he does, what he is saying is, I want Government to be able to be shut down. It is as simple as that.  Lastly, I say that I have the utmost respect for the Senator from Minnesota. Quite often you see different philosophies expressed on this floor. Of course, his is quite different than mine. I think the basic difference is that when we look at money that Government spends, we look at it as coming from the taxpayers rather than just some big pot of money that is owned by Government. So we have conservatives and we have liberals. And the distinguished Senator from Minnesota, Senator Wellstone, is very liberal, and we are very conservative.  So this is a forum where those things can be heard. I think, in good time, the President will get this emergency supplemental, and I am certainly hopeful that the President will not veto the supplemental.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  