I will single out four areas where he has demonstrated, in my opinion, a type of courage that many do not have, not to be encumbered by partisan politics or by politics in general, but to be concerned only with protecting this Nation from attack from outside.  The first area is, under the BRAC Commission, he has made the statement in the past that the burden of BRAC, the Base Realignment And Closure Commission, was to reduce the excess capacity and move that excess capacity into consolidated functions. I have no doubt in my mind but he will do this and keep that system free from political interference.  The second area is we really cannot afford in this Nation to have more defense cuts than we have already cut. I read a quote this morning out of a new book by Caspar Weinberger called ``The Next War.''       Even to think about, much less propose, further cutting our      Armed Forces, betrays a clear lack of real world thinking      bordering on denial and delusion.  I believe Bill Cohen understands this.  The third area is the practice of sending our troops into areas where we do not have vital strategic interests at stake. This is something we have had a chance to talk about. We stood on the floor with Bill Cohen as a U.S. Senator, and he expressed himself very clearly that we not dilute our very scarce military assets by sending our troops to places that are not strategic, vital security interests of the United States.  Very closely associated with that is I am hoping we are going to be able to get away from a problem we have had for quite some time, and that is the administration coming in, encumbering us, putting our troops into areas such as Bosnia and approximating what it will cost, which was supposed to cost somewhere between $1.5 and $2 billion and now we are finding out it is going to be closer to $6 billion, $6.5 billion. This is in a way disenfranchising the U.S. Senate. We should be in on that decision, and I have every confidence we will be in on those decisions from this point forward.  Then the last area is one I have been very much concerned with, and that is our need for a sophisticated theater missile defense system and a national missile defense system. I have stood on this floor and shared thoughts with Senator Bill Cohen concerning this problem. This morning during the confirmation hearings I was just delighted to hear Senator Cohen make his statement as he characterized the proliferation of nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction to be the gravest problem facing the world today.  I am looking forward to voting for his confirmation.  