President, I agree wholeheartedly with the distinguished junior Senator from Texas. I would like, for a moment, to put this in historic perspective, because it was Senator Hutchison and I who had a resolution of disapproval in November 1995. We lost that by four votes. I remember so well why we lost that by four votes. We lost it because there were several Members who said, ``Well, the President and the Secretary of Defense have promised that we are going to be out of Bosnia in 12 months, that will be Christmas of 1996.'' So a few of them said, ``I guess that it's all right to go over if we can accomplish whatever mission we thought we were going to accomplish by that time.''  In preparation for that, I went over to Bosnia in the northeast sector. I can remember so well going into the Tuzla area when no Americans were up there, no Americans had been up there, and those who would go ahead to see what we were getting into had not been there yet. I talked with General Haukland from Norway who was in charge of the northeast sector for the United Nations in Bosnia. That was the area we were assuming responsibility for.  When I told them we were going to be out in 12 months, they all started laughing. They said we were not going to be out in 12 months. He said, ``You must mean 12 years.'' That is the situation we are in now. It is like putting your hand in water and leaving it in there for 12 months, taking it out and nothing has changed, it is the same as it was.  We have made that commitment. We went in there and didn't come out as we promised. This was not just a projection by saying by December 1996, things should be done and we should be out. It wasn't that at all. The President said we will be out. In fact, I have statements from our Senate Armed Services Committee where the Secretary of Defense said it is an absolute. General Shalikashvili said it was an absolute, we will be out of Bosnia by Christmas 1996. Now we are debating about whether to be out, not in 12 months, but 2\1/2\ years after this thing started.  The one thing that the distinguished Senator from Delaware did not mention is, what are our national security interests that we are there for? It would be nice, it would be wonderful, and it would be compassionate of us if we had the money and the resources to go around the world and go to Ethiopia and go to all these places where they would like to have our help, but we do not have those resources.  Now, the problem we have is this. We have a political problem--I recognize that--that anyone who is opposed to getting out on June 30, 1998, is going to say, ``If we pull out, they're going to start fighting again.'' You know what? They are right. But the same argument could be used, Mr. President, if it is 10 years from now. So how long is this commitment going to go on?  You know what they said in November 1995? They said the cost is going to be between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. Now it is passing through $6.5 billion. Where is the money going to come from? The money is going to come from the defense budget, a defense budget that right now, while our distinguished chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee has put together a very good authorization bill that we have to pass, it is still inadequate, still does not adequately arm America for the threats that face us out there.  People who say the cold war is over and there is no threat anymore, I can assure you the threat is much greaterthan it was then during the cold war when we could identify who the enemy was and our intelligence knew something about that enemy.  So here we are now making a commitment. And how long is it going to take? I can tell you right now, if we do not adhere to the June 30, 1998 deadline, we are not going to get out until something very bad happens. I suspect that we would still be in Somalia today if it were not for the fact that 18 of our Rangers were brutally murdered and their nude corpses dragged through the streets in Mogadishu. I do not want that to happen anywhere in the streets of Bosnia.  So it was not long ago I was in Brussels. I found there were many Members of Congress that were going around whispering to our NATO allies, ``Don't worry about it. We won't leave at that time.'' That is the most dangerous thing we could do at this time. We need to draw that line and say we are going to be out by that time.  We made a mistake. We should have been out by December 1996, as we promised, as the President promised, as the Secretary of Defense promised, as we promised the American people. We have to keep the promise this time and make it June 30. What we do in terms of a commitment for June 30, 1998, right now I am not real sure. But I can tell you right now, with every fiber of my being I will fight to make sure that our troops are home after June 30 of 1998.  