President, first of all, let me thank the very distinguished chairman of our committee, Senator Thurmond, for the hours and hours that he put in and the way he ran the meetings. He was very fair and open. I appreciate personally very much his remarks that he just made. Thank you, Senator Thurmond.  As chairman of the readiness subcommittee I want to thank Senator Robb who is the ranking minority member. We took care of a lot of the problems out there. I must say, Mr. President, that I think that our readiness is desperately underfunded. We did the very best we could in this bill with the resources we had but we are not going to be able to continue on the course we are on right now. We have problems.  As I go around the Nation, and around the world, actually, and visit bases, I have been in bases in the State of Alabama, and throughout the Nation, as well as some of the foreign bases, and I can tell you we are in an OPTEMPO rate which is unacceptable. Our divorce rates are going up, our retention rates are going down, and we need to do a better job of funding not just readiness but modernization and quality of life. I am very concerned about quality of life. As I go around I find that some of these kids are working about double the normal tempo that we have found to be acceptable. While they can sustain it for a while, and while the troops can sustain it, the spouses cannot. There will come a point in time where they will have to have more time with their families and have a more civil type of existence. We cannot do that with the way this administration has not allocated the proper amount of money to keep our system going to meet the minimum expectations of the American people. That is, to be able to defend America on two regional fronts.  Having said that, I say again that we did the very best that can be done, and in our readiness subcommittee we were able to reinstate money for flying hours. We are losing pilots on a daily basis to the airlines. So we will have to do a lot more than we have done, but we have done the very best that we can.  Let me make one comment about the depot issue. I know it is a difficult issue. A few years ago when one of the House Members, Congressman Armey, I believe, originally came up with the whole idea of the Base Realignment and Closing Commission concept, which means we know we cannot reduce excess infrastructure by doing it through the normal political process because everybody is concerned about jobs in their States. So they appointed an independent commission to be totally free from political influence to make recommendations and they went through, with round one in 1991, in 1993 another round, in 1995 a third round, and in doing this there is hardly a Senator in this Chamber that did not have major installations that have closed in their States. Certainly the State of Alabama lost a major one, and there were two major installations in the very State from which our chairman comes from, South Carolina, and virtually all the other States. So, we all bit the bullet.  However, it appears there is an effort now to disregard that and leave air logistic centers in California as well as in Texas open. While it is a difficult thing to go through we have to accept the fact, sooner or later, that you cannot have in the case of any specialty area, and specifically in this case, air logistic centers where you have five operating at 50 percent capacity. You cannot continue to do that. So they recommended closing two of them that they determined to be the least efficient of the five and transferring that workload to the remainder which would be around 75 to 80 percent capacity.  That makes a lot of sense. According to the GAO, that would save $468 million a year, and over 5 years, Mr. President, that is $2.34 billion. When I think about that and think about where those dollars are desperately needed in quality of life, in readiness, in force strength, in modernization, it breaks my heart to think we are maybe willing to just throw it away.  So I did make the gesture that the chairman referred to and no one asked me to do it. I felt it was the right thing to do because we have to have an authorization bill. Under the rules of the Senate, it is very possible for one Senator to keep a bill from coming up. I did not want that to happen to Senator Thurmond's bill. I did not want that to happen to our defense establishment. So I pulled the objectionable portions of how we treat depot maintenance out of the bill, but at the same time I announced I have every intention of reestablishing language that will accomplish what we want to get accomplished, and that is to be able to save that money that the GAO states is at risk.  So I do not know whether it will be an amendment on the floor by which I will try to do this or in conference but I think everyone understands clearly there will be an effort to reinstate language that we have had to take out.  With that, I will say this is a good bill and I want to move forward with it. I want to get a chance to really consider these amendments, and I know there will be a lot of amendments.  As the new chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, I have a devoted a significant amount of time during the past few months traveling to military bases to discuss issues that impact the readiness of the Armed Forces and their ability to carry out assigned missions: European theater, including installations in England, Italy, Bosnia, Hungary; Camp Lejuene, NC; Fort Hood, TX; Corpus Christi Naval Base, Texas; Dyess Air Force Base; and Fort Drum.  We have also received testimony from the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the service chiefs, the unified commander-in-chief, and several other high ranking military and civilian officials from the Department of Defense.  While the administration claims to have provided strong support for training, maintenance, supplies and other essentials needed to keep U.S. Forces ready to fight and win decisively, its budget request reduced real funding for these areas by $1.4 billion.  Nothing I've heard during my base visits has made me feel like we are as ready as the administration asserts.  At each unit, maintenance personnel have resorted to cannibalizing good equipment to keep other equipment operating. These additional maintenance actions result in 12-hour average work days for our young troops--only because of a lack of good spares.  If readiness truly remains the administration's highest priority, then I have to wonder about the shape of the other accounts--modernization, quality of life, research and development--are they even more seriously underfunded?  Military units and the personnel within them, are being overused and underfunded to the point that I am afraid we are returning to the days of the hollow force. And the military personnel with whom I've spoken agree.  It is also apparent to me that our Forces are being stretched to the limit to support humanitarian and contingency operations such as the deployment of IFOR/SFOR in Bosnia.  Our high OPTEMPO is particularly troubling, since it results in more than just time away from home for the troops--it results in more equipment wear and tear; higher than planned consumption of spares; and canceled training.  At every base visited, I heard concerns about the quality of equipment.       Our lack of spares has caused us to cannibalize perfectly      good engines to keep others operating, requiring my      maintenance troops to work even more hours to keep our planes      flying. Our normal work week is now 50--56 hours/week.--     Lakenheath, AF Maintenance Officer.  Letter to Senator Thurmond from a non-commissioned officer:       We have old, worn out equipment that is difficult to      maintain because we cannot always get the parts needed to      repair them. It is the same way wherever we go; outdated,      broken equipment, a lack of spare parts, overworked and      underpaid GIs, resulting in an inability to perform our      mission.  I do not question the fact that our military forces are the finest in the world. They are clearly performing their assigned missions superbly and they are capable of defeating any potential enemy of today.  But what about tomorrow? If this trend continues, I am concerned about how long we can maintain the present pace of operations. I am not alone in my concerns--they were echoed by many of the military personnel I had the pleasure of meeting. One officer summed it up nicely when he said ``the storm clouds are on the horizon.''  The Pentagon continues to omit these concerns from official reports we receive from the Committee--to the contrary, their reports reports indicate readiness levels are at an all time high. I find the remarkable discrepancy between what I see in the field and the official statements coming from the administration and the Pentagon very troubling. And I am concerned that unless we take the necessary steps to correct these problems now, our military capability will erode as we enter the 21st century.  The most troubling challenge is the need for additional modernization funding, for lack of new procurement has dramatic affects across all the other accounts: As our military equipment ages, it requires increased maintenance and thus more operations and maintenance [O] funding; since additional funding is not available to increase the O accounts, dollars are often robbed from training accounts; unfortunately, as the equipment ages, the problem will only get worse, and we will find ourselves in a death spiral.  The funding crisis is further aggravated by the continual deployment of forces to contingency operations such as Southern Watch and Provide Comfort. I have spoken many times, about the huge cost of these operations--between $6.5 and $8 billion for Bosnia alone--and the fact these expenditures will come at the expense of our defense budget.  While dollars are the most obvious issue in defense, I suggest that what we often overlook is the huge burden we are placing on our people and our equipment. We are wearing out our equipment and pushing our people so hard they no longer have time to train.  I heard comment after comment during my visits:       The high OPTEMPO at which our personnel are operating is      definitely causing a strain on our people's families.      Ultimately, this strain also affects my pilots' job      performance.--Marine F--18 Squadron Commander.       ``The number of days we fly to support Bosnia doesn't leave      us with enough time to train. The only areas where we get      training from our Bosnia missions is in reconnaissance and      close air support. The rest of our training areas are      suffering.''--Air Force F-16 Squadron Commander.       ``Our average crew goes TDY 150--160 days per year--the Air      Force goal is 120 days. These excessive taskings are      straining my peoples' families as well as impacting the      ability of my crews to receive adequate training.''--Air      Force C--130 Squadron Commander.  Clearly, there are situations when the deployment of the U.S. military is necessary to protect America's vital interests. Unfortunately, it appears the Clinton administration will continue to keep a very low threshold for determining the need to commit our forces.  My friends, the United States cannot force its military to expend more resources than we are willing to provide and still expect it to remain a viable force for the future when it may be called upon to defend American interests. I am concerned, the committee is concerned, our military personnel are concerned, and the American people should be concerned. If we are to avoid losing our military edge, we must act decisively and begin providing the resources necessary to support the missions we continue to ask of our Armed Forces.  