President, thank you,  Mr. President, I have been watching this debate over the last few days, and I heard some of the opponents to a balanced budget amendment talk in a very eloquent way, as I have heard throughout the years. It seems like the arguments never change. So what I have done is picked up a few of these, and I would like to respond to some of these arguments.  The other day one of the Members who has argued against a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution for as long as I can remember made the comment that proponents want to treat children like children, hiding the hard truth from them, and then went on to elaborate about all of the things that are going to happen if we don't fully disclose what is going on with the proposition of a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  I can remember so well back when my No. 2 child was learning to ride a bicycle back in Oklahoma. I can remember when he got on. He was wobbling. Maybe, Mr. President, you have gone through the same thing. I finally got him so that he was able to go in a straight, narrow line. Then he made his first trip around the neighborhood. He is a hand surgeon today. He came back, and he said something to me that is very profound. He said, ``You know, daddy, I wish the whole world were downhill.''  I think what we need to do is be fully honest with everyone and let them know that it is not going to be easy if we pass a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution because, in fact, the whole world is not downhill. It is going to take some sacrifices. We have demonstrated very clearly what is going to happen if we do not do it.  I heard the other day opponents saying they are tired of Washington telling people what to do and the Washington-knows-best mentality, that the balanced budget amendment is the ultimate Washington mandate. I suggest to you that just the reverse is true. We can talk about this all we want, but what we are saying to the American people when we deny them the opportunity to have ultimately a balanced budget is we want to keep control of all of these things in Washington.  Reference was made yesterday to the Governors who are talking about how they are cutting taxes in their States and the successes that they have had and suggested that the budget balancing amendment, if passed, would force the States to have massive tax increases. Let me tell you. That just isn't true. The problem that we have right now is there is a mentality that I think prevails in both bodies of Congress, or did at least up until 1994, and certainly does today in the White House; that is this direct relationship between taxation and the deficit.  I can remember when this President was sworn into office and he appointed Laura Tyson to be the chief financial adviser to the administration. She said--and this is a direct quote--in direct contradiction to 12 years of Republican ideology, ``There is no relationship between the level of taxes a nation pays and its economic performance.'' To me this is really the key to the whole thing--somebody who actually believed that. If you carry it on to its logical conclusion, you would say that all you have to do is have a taxation level of 100 percent, and everyone is going to be motivated the same and our revenues would go up. We know, obviously, that is not true. There are many Democrats who knew that wasn't true back when President Kennedy was President. He came out and said that we have to raise revenues, that we have needs, and that the best way to raise revenues is to reduce taxes. He did, and it happened. Of course, we look throughout history and we see it has happened over and over again.  In the case of all those who are critical of the administration and say that back during the 10 years or the decade of the Republican administrations in the White House, the tax increases, or the deficit increases, came they say as a result of the tax decreases when in fact the total revenues that came into the Federal Government in 1980 was $517 billion. In 1990 it was $1.031 trillion, exactly doubled. That happened during a decade of the greatest tax reduction in the history of this country.  Mr. President, I know that we are coming up toward the end of the time. But I would like to respond to just two more of the statements that have been made.  First of all, they said that the balanced budget amendment will give politicians the ``license to cut and slash needed programs.''  The Heritage Foundation not too long ago came out--and they have updated it since then--with a study that came to the conclusion that if we took all of the Federal programs and had a built-in increase of 1 percent, or 1.5 percent, or 2 percent, you could actually balance the budget, that you could eliminate the deficit without cutting one Federal program. The problem is that programs come in--and we have seen it happen over the years--historically, they will come in and say this is going to meet a problem that we have, the problem goes away, and the program stays on.  I am always reminded of one of the great speeches made in our time called a ``rendezvous with destiny'' when Ronald Reagan made that speech long before he was in public office. He said, ``There is nothing closer to immortality on the face of this Earth than a government program once formed.'' That is what we have seen over and over again. This has been going on for a long time.  I can remember when there was a very prominent Senator from Nebraska, Carl Curtis. Carl Curtis back in 1975 had a bright idea. He said, ``We are going to have to do something about this debt.'' I think the whole debt was less than $400 billion at that time. He said, ``In order to do something about this, we are going to have to show that the States want it and that the people want it.'' So he decided to come and ratify an amendment to the Constitution in advance. I remember when he came to Oklahoma. I happened to be in the State senate at that time and introduced a preratification resolution where we ratified it in advance. Then all of the rest of the States came in.  I would suggest to you that there is a great groundswell out there of people who want this to happen, and they recognize that it is not going to happen otherwise. We listen to people stand on the floor. I have not heard one person stand up here and say, ``We want larger deficits. We want to increase the debt.'' They don't say that. They say, ``We will do the responsible thing. We need to make the hard decisions.''  The problem is that for the last 40 years we have not made the right decisions, and we have not made the tough decisions. Now that we have an opportunity, a rare opportunity, one that is realistic, it could actually happen, because we only missed it by one vote a year ago.  Let me finally conclude by saying that one Senator stood on the floor the other day. This is a quote. He said, ``The budget balancing amendment is nothing more than a vague and empty promise. Most Senators who support it will not even be here in the year 2002 when it will take effect.''  Let me suggest to you that as a result of the vote, it is very likely that there will be a lot of Senators who will not be here. I will make a statement that sounds a little bit extreme. But I have to make it.  If you look back at the voting behavior of those U.S. Senators who do not want a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, you will find that those are the ones who are the liberals. By ``liberals,'' I am talking about individuals who vote for greater tax increases, who want more Government involvement in our lives. I have a chart here that shows that. Those who voted against the balanced budget amendment last year--and there were 33 of them--of those 33, all of them, 100 percent of them, voted for the largest--this is called the tax stimulus program--the largest tax increase that wehad in 1994. And all of them have either a D or an F rating by the National Taxpayers Union.  A lot of people forget that we don't have to guess how people perform up here because there are all kinds of organizations that are giving us ratings. How is that going to affect some of the other elections? If you look back and you look at the Members of Congress that were defeated or retired in 1994, in the Senate there are 11, and 8 of them fell into this same spending class. In other words, those individuals who are getting defeated now in the polls are individuals who are big spenders and individuals who are for tax increases as opposed to cutting the size of Government.  So I think there are some very real ramifications to this that are political ramifications. I suggest to you, Mr. President, that there are a lot of Members in here who, if they vote against our effort--it is a genuine effort for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution--will have to pay the political price for that.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The Senator from Rhode Island is recognized for 30 minutes.  