President, it is unfortunate, since we have a bill that is the most significant bill that we will be dealing with during the course of this year, that it has gotten bogged down into a debate and discussion about depot maintenance. This is very unfortunate. However that has been the case.  Let me just devote a little bit of time to that, because, having listened to the arguments as put forth by the two eloquent Senators from California and the Senators from Texas, I didn't hear any new arguments. But I do think that we need to, once and for all, respond to these arguments. I was hoping to be speaking last because I know what will happen, since I am obviously not speaking last. But let me just go ahead and bring up four arguments that I heard. I think these four are pretty much the total argument of those who want to stop competition in ALC's.  First of all, I heard the quote saying, ``We are telling the DOD that you can't have real competition.'' This bill does allow competition. This allows competition and takes into consideration all direct and indirect costs.  They said that ``The bill was crafted by Members seeking special protection, whose sole purpose is to block private competition.'' I suggest that everyone in this Chamber knows, and certainly everyone on the Senate Armed Services Committee knows, that when we had our language in there that did clearly carry out the intent and the letter of the BRAC recommendations, we felt we were going to lose the bill because thetwo Senators from both Texas and California wanted an opportunity to privatize in place. Then we agreed to have open competition.  I was not even in on that. The ones who agreed to that language--that was drafted by members of the committee who were totally neutral on this subject. They didn't have a dog in this fight. But they got together and came up with the agreement that this is the way to do it. Let's take all costs into consideration. We did that. I think the eloquent remarks of Senator Levin pointed this out.  They were the ones who put this together so that, yes, even though this is not what the BRAC committee wanted, still it did open up an avenue for privatization-in-place if they took into consideration all the costs. And then they voted and it was 18-to-nothing, all Democrats and all Republicans voted for it.  Closely related to that, I have been quoted as to a statement that I made in Oklahoma. Let me say that is an accurate statement. That is true. I wasn't misquoted. And I was stating it as a businessman. I spent 33 years in the real world and I know, as Senator Bennett has pointed out several times, that you can't operate and leave three out of five ALC's at 50 percent capacity and have any kind of competitive operation.  So I said very definitely that, in my opinion, those individuals who were interested in competing in McClellan in California and in Kelly in Texas, wanted to compete on a basis where they had a tremendous advantage which is paid for by the taxpayers.  So they did two things. They put two considerations in. First of all, if they want to bid and privatize in place and bid at Kelly or McClellan, they had to pay for a fair value for that facility they are using. In other words, you can't take a $200 million facility and give it to a private contractor for a dollar a year and say now that's fair competition. That is not fair competition.  The second thing we did was say, according to the GAO--and this has been pointed out already by several Members here--that if you leave three air logistics centers operating at 50 percent capacity, the cost annually to the taxpayers is $468 million. So that has to be considered.  Those are the two major changes that were made. I agree I think they did a good job coming up with these. Even though that would still violate the intent of the BRAC system, that at least made that fair.  There is one last thing I will say and then I will put this to rest. I am not going to say anything more about this. I am going to read this one more time, because I think it is really significant.  I came to the U.S. House of Representatives, before I was elected to this body, in 1986. That was a year that a Congressman--I might add, and say to the senior Senator from Texas, he also is a Ph.D. He got his from Oklahoma, you got yours from Texas--he came out with an idea how we can close the excess capacity, the infrastructure, and do it without political interference. So he came up with the idea of the BRAC committee. The BRAC committee was supposed to be free from political interference.  I hope every Member who is watching on their tube right now, anyone who is going to come down here and vote on this, will listen to this. This is what Representative Dick Armey, the author of the BRAC process, said on June 23, 1997:       We had three rounds of base closing, and we are all very      proud of the process because politics never intruded into the      process. That ended in round four. And all of my colleagues      knew at the time, and we know now, that the special      conditions for McClellan and Kelly, California and my own      State of Texas, where you might think I have a parochial      interest, were in a political invention.       We talk about this being privatization. No, it is not. It      is a new concept. It is privatization in place, created      specifically for these two bases in an election year for no      purpose other than politics.  With that, Mr. President, I think we beat up that issue. We have argued and debated this hours and hours on the floor. I know Senators from Texas and California would like to have an opportunity to have more jobs in their States, but that is exactly what the BRAC process was put in place to prevent.  In the remaining time, let me just make a couple of comments. I am the chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, and I can tell you right now, during this process it was very civil, in our Senate Armed Services Committee, but we didn't agree on everything.  Quite frankly, I agreed with the Senator from Alaska as far as the National Guard was concerned. I did not agree with Senator Levin, the ranking minority member, as far as the B-2 was concerned, but we voted on it. I lost and they won. So we went through this very arduous process and successfully came up with a bill.  In the meantime, I have been spending my time as chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee all over America and all over the world going to our various installations. I can tell you right now, we have a very serious problem in defending America. We can't do it.  As pointed out by the Senator from Connecticut, for 13 consecutive years, we have reduced every year our defense budget at a time when most people realize, finally, that we have a greater threat facing America than we have had since World War II. Yet, we are at one-half the force strength that we were in 1991. I am talking about the number of Army divisions, the number of Air Force wings, the number of ships floating out there.  So it is a very critical thing, and it is exacerbated by the fact that we have troops in places like Bosnia. It is very, very expensive. The President said it wouldn't be over $2 billion. It is now looking at closer to $6.5 billion to $8 billion. Where does that come from? It comes from the defense budget.  While this is not a perfect product--can I have 1 more minute from the Senator from South Carolina?  