President, I would like to just take a couple of minutes to respond to the best of my memory to some of the things that were stated by the senior Senator from Texas [Mr. Gramm].  First of all, he mentioned that personality should not enter into this. I certainly hope that will be the case. Unfortunately, Mr. President, all too often in both bodies if we get wrapped up in things we honestly believe in, it becomes personal. I do not think this will be the case, certainly in the case of Senator Gramm. He is a man I have respected for many, many years even before I served in the other body or this body. In fact, I was one of the individuals who strongly supported him in his bid for President of the United States because I thought he was the best choice. And it was not an easy thing for me to do because, unfortunately, our majority leader in the Senate was running.  However, I think some things need to be brought out and some things I have access to because of the fact that I serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee and chair the readiness subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee.  First of all, on this issue of the depot caucus we hear so much about in the other body, I hear some statements attributed to them that sound a little bit extreme from time to time, but I have to say also that that is a group of people with a genuine concern over how depot business should be handled.  All too often we start thinking of parochial concerns, about what is the effect of a certain action going to be on the population of my State, and forget about the fact that there is a reason for a depot and there is a reason for core functions to be performed in a depot. All too long we have gone without a definition of core, and core, Mr. President, as you well know, is those functions that have to be performed to enable us to defend the lives of Americans.  That is what it is all about. When you talk about the depot caucus over on the other side, I did some things in this bill, and, of course, the Chair is fully aware of it because he was there at the time, made some compromises that the so-called depot caucus found very offensive. I agreed to change the 60-40 formula to 50-50. Also, I did something else that not many people really are aware of because it gets a little bit technical but provided for allowing teaming to be done by a public depot. This is extremely significant and it shows that I of all people am not against private sector competition.  The Senator from Texas [Mr Gramm] talked about this as one of the backbones of the philosophy of the Republican Party and the conservative movement. Certainly no one can do more than I have done in the effort for privatization. The difference that has to be distinguished in this case is you can't privatize business, you can't privatize functions that are necessary for the survival of this country.  Let us just say, for example, that in the F-100 engines which are used in some of our combat machines that are necessary to defend America and we saw performing so well in the Persian Gulf war, that has to be done, we have decided, as a policy for America in public depots. And the reason is even if it costs more money--I do not think it does. I think I can come up with an argument that will say that we can do things more efficiently in some of those functions in the public depots; we are set up to do that. But even if we were not able to do that, there is another reason why they have to be done in the public sector, and that is the strategic interests of the United States, the defense issues.  We have all agreed as the policy of this country that core activities, core functions, must be done by the public sector. And so we established this somewhat arbitrary, which it is arbitrary, 60-40, and I was willing to accommodate one of the very prominent Senators from Arizona on the committee, Senator McCain, and Senator McCain did appreciate that very much. So we changed that, and not only are we going to give the ability to the public depots to team, and that is to go outside and subcontract some work, I am willing to count that in any formula as public sector work, even though it is done by the private sector.  Now, that is a great, I think, compromise that we made in order to accommodate some of the Senators who had concerns, and consequently that Senator is in support of the language that is found in this bill.  So I think that if we could present the argument, there is no way you could give even a 20-percent advantage to the public sector in depot maintenance and still have a level playing field. We are fully aware of the process that is written into our system that allows the disposition of Federal properties to be first offered to the Federal Government, then the State government, then ultimately to local subdivisions such as Tulsa, OK, or San Antonio, TX. And so in the event they at no cost in the case of a San Antonio, TX, are able to acquire Kelly Air Force Base and have that multi, multimillion-dollar facility at no cost, they in turn then can give that to a contractor who will bid with no overhead whatsoever.  Now, that is something with which we cannot compete in Tinker Air Force Base or they could not compete with in any other military installation. And there are many other--I have already talked about this and talked about those things that are in the bidding process which make it so that we cannot do it.  I was a little bit surprised when the junior Senator from Texas was talking about John White. During the committee meetings that we had, John White was not able to answer questions about how to level the playing field and provide for real competition if it is desirable.  Keep in mind, Mr. President, it is not desirable because we have established as a policy that those core functions that are necessary to protect the lives of Americans should be done in public depots. If you do not do that, you are going to have a situation where we can be held hostage in times of war, and we know what that could mean for us.  Given the manner in which competition is structured, everyone already knows that private sector bids will come in well below depots, and there are two reasons why. The private bidders can use marginal pricing. We know what marginal pricing is in Government work. Private bidders, unlike the public sector, are allowed to usemarginal pricing to underprice something to get their foot in the door, and once the foot is in the door we become reliant upon them and then they run off. I am not saying the people who are the private sector are unscrupulous or in any way demeaning what they do. They are out in the competitive world, and they are willing to use their assets to bid below cost just to get in there so that the public sector would no longer have the ability to provide that work. I think the Senator from Utah made a very good point. We are losing that ability today. As the skilled workers, whether they are located in Oklahoma or Utah or Georgia, are leaving, getting into other professions, so we would have--every week that goes by we would have a more difficult time in having this as public sector work that would defend America.  So I conclude, Mr. President--and I do not want to be redundant--by saying that another bottom line is right here. This is a GAO report. The GAO report agrees with what the Air Force initially said on how much money would be saved by closing the two bases and transfer that workload to other ALC's. Then they later on, when this administration took a position against it right before the election, they rescinded that report, but the GAO, which is independent of that political influence, came out and said very clearly if you do it, it is going to cost the defense system an additional $468 million a year. And certainly the man who is presiding right now, the honorable Senator from Virginia, who is one of the highest ranking members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, is fully aware that if we have to somehow come up with $2 billion over a 5-year period to take out of the defense budget in order to accommodate an exception to the BRAC recommendations, where is it going to come from? He will remember very well we had the chiefs of the services there, and we gave them the alternatives. It has to come from quality of life, modernization, force strength or readiness. There are only four places it can come from. We cannot predict the contingencies this administration will get us into that are very expensive. We can predict these, and there is no place we can come up with this money. So this is an extremely important fiscal issue, and I wanted to have the opportunity to respond to the senior Senator from Texas.  Mr. President, I observe the absence of a quorum.  