President, I was in the chair when I heard the very eloquent speech, of course, as always, by Senator Lieberman. One thing he said at the very last surprised me a little bit. I think kind of out of desperation he said, ``We are only talking about $7 million. We try a lot of things that cost a lot more than that.''  I am here to inform Senator Lieberman--and I believe he knows it already--that it has been tried. I started with our mutual friend, Tony Coelho, in 1993, who established an organization called the Washington Scholarship Fund. There were many Democrats and Republicans involved. Senator Kerrey, at that time, was an honorary chairman, and Bill Bennett was one of the honorary chairmen, also. Directors and advisors included Boyden Gray and Doreen Gentzler, a local Channel 4 TV news anchor.  Our goal was to help needy or low-income families send their children to private school--the very thing we are talking about here. We were trying it through the private sector to see if it would work. What we did was not pay the entire scholarship, as we are talking about here, for a number of students, but to pay half of it. I think the average tuition is around $3,000 a year. Now, what we did was, we would offer a scholarship of $1,500 a year, so that the parents would have to pay half of it, so they would have to have an interest in that. To be eligible, they had to be residents of the District of Columbia. Ours was K through 8, as opposed to K through 12. I think K through 12 is probably better. They must be low-income by Federal standards.  Anyway, we went ahead with this program on the half tuition. We had people lined up in the school year of 1993 and 1994, and we had 57 students. That is about $75,000 that we raised privately for these one-half scholarships. Last year, we were up to 250 students that we helped. That is a substantial increase. But the interesting thing is that we have over 800 now on a waiting list. I am sure that there are probably more out there waiting that are not familiar with the program. But it is overwhelmingly successful. In the schools, they concentrate on strong values, basic reading and writing and math skills, and we have a lot of parental involvement.  A lot of people are not aware that in Washington, DC, there are at least 25 private schools with tuitions less than $2,500 a school year. They average about $3,000. Most of the private schools in the District of Columbia operate way below capacity, or their average tuition probably could come down, they would estimate.  The Washington Scholarship Fund is one of 32 private school scholarship programs nationwide in cities like Milwaukee, Los Angeles, New York, and, in fact, there is one in the home State of Senator Coats, in Indianapolis. They are currently helping approximately 12,000 needy children, and they have 40,000 on a waiting list.  Well, when I heard the Senator from Connecticut say he didn't know exactly how much it was costing the public school system in Washington, DC, I think he is right because the accounting system, as he points out, is very poor. However, I have heard the range to be somewhere between $7,700 and $10,000. So here we are talking about being able to give a better education at approximately one-third of the cost--in other words, for the same cost, reaching three times the number of children.  