 Mr. President, I am pleased to join Senator Nickles in support of S. 871, the Oklahoma City National Memorial Act of 1997. I think it is a compassionate piece of legislation that deserves and will receive support for immediate passage.  I thank, not just my colleague, Senator Nickles, for being the driving force behind this, but also express my appreciation to my colleagues on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee for acting so quickly to bring this matter before us.  Mr. President, it is very easy for us to stand here and for people who were not out there at the time to be compassionate, to be sensitive to the needs of Oklahoma. But I can tell you, after having been there when it happened, it is indescribable when you go through a building that has parts of human bodies stuck to the walls and you see things that are crumbling.  My son is an orthopedic surgeon. One of his partners actually had to go in during this thing and amputate a lady's leg, with no anesthetic, to extract her from that.  Good friends, my closest friends, Don and Sally Ferrell lost their daughter. She was an attorney for HUD. Polly Nichols was not even in the building and came within a quarter of an inch of dying from flying glass.  This is an opportunity for us to say to these people how much we love them. The 168 individuals who were killed during this cowardly attack and those who were fortunate to survive deserve our honor and respect. It is a fitting memorial that has been designed to honor not just the individuals who lost their lives, but the families of those who lost their lives and those who are survivors.  Beyond the immediate victims of the bombing, we also recognize law enforcement officers and emergency people. I can remember on the first night, as I was walking toward the building, hearing this thundering cadence behind me. I turned to see several hundred firemen, all dressed up with their emergency equipment. They were not just from Oklahoma; they were from all over America, from as far away as right here, from Maryland. They were going in there, each one of them taking 30-minute spells. They were volunteers. They did not have to do this. They went in knowing they could very well lose their lives crawling through the rubble of a building still crumbling to save lives.  So there are many, many heroes in this thing. And this is certainly a fitting tribute.  I can only say, on behalf of all Oklahomans, we thank you for your generosity, your promptness, and your compassion.  