Since we are down to a few minutes, there will not be the time for detail which I will go into later.  Yesterday, Senator Breaux and I introduced S. 1084 entitled the ``Ozone and Particulate Matter Research Act of 1997.'' This bill offers a simple solution to a very serious problem. I think there is a large segment of the population out there that will consider this bill to be singly the most significant of this legislative session.  In essence, this legislation provides the authority and resources to conduct the necessary scientific research and monitoring for the national ambient air quality standards for ozone and particulate matter. It reinstates the preexisting standards for both pollutants and requires the agency to wait until the research is complete before they revise the standards.  The bill creates an independent panel which will be convened by the National Academy of Sciences to prioritize the needed particulate matter research. This would take the politics out of setting research priorities. Next, a panel will be created to oversee the Federal research program in order to ensure that the priorities set out will be followed.  Mr. President, just to bring us up to date here in this short period of time, last November the Administrator of the EPA came out with a message on behalf of the administration stating that we should change our ambient air standards so far as ozone and particulate matter are concerned. In particulate matter, it would mean that wewould drop it down from 10 microns to 2.5 microns. In ozone, which is measured by parts per million, it would drop it down from .12 to .08.  While that sounds technical and a little confusing to some people, the bottom line is that many counties throughout the United States would find themselves out of attainment with these new standards. I can tell you, when I was mayor of the city of Tulsa and we were out of attainment, how difficult it was. There was not any possibility of recruiting any new industry. A lot of industries had been shut down or had to reduce the number of shifts they had. We had to impose various requirements for car pooling and impose things that really changed the lifestyle of our citizens.  The problem is that when the Administrator came out with the proposed new standards in November, we did some research only to find out that there is no scientific justification for lowering the standards. In fact, as the chairman of the Clean Air Subcommittee of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I held my first hearing, a scientific hearing, where we had members of CASAC--that is the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee--to come in and advise us as to what the science is behind these recommended changes, only to find that there is no scientific consensus behind these recommended changes. In fact, these experts said there is no bright line, as they call it, for ozone levels beyond which it can be said to be detrimental to human health. As far as particulate matter is concerned, they say there is no science that concludes that there is any causal relationship between any level or type of 2.5-micron particulate matter and respiratory diseases. When asked how long it would take to establish such conclusions, they said it would be approximately 5 years before we should know.  Consequently, we feel that legislation is warranted to postpone any decision to set an arbitrary new standard for these pollutants. Instead we need more study and this bill provides for it. Clearly, as you can see from the original sponsor and cosponsor as well as from those behind a corresponding bill in the other body, this is a bipartisan effort. It is a bipartisan effort that wants clean air, that wants us to make sure that we do not impose any hardships on the American people which are going to be costly and make us noncompetitive on a global basis, inconvenience the American people, and cost us billions of dollars unless there is some scientific justification for it.  I have been critical of EPA. When their proposed rules first came out, the Agency claimed the new standards were needed to prevent 40,000 premature deaths per year due to respiratory problems. Then some months later they changed that to 20,000 deaths, and then recently they knocked that down again to a much smaller amount. At the same time, a research group called the Reason Foundation out in California concluded that a more accurate figure would be no more than 1,000 premature deaths, if that. So there has been a lot of scare talk around. And a lot of misinformation.  We hear many say that those of us who differ with the EPA don't want dirty air. Let me assure you, Mr. President, I have four kids and six grandkids. I do not want dirty air either. I care about their health and well-being as much, I dare say, as any public servant shuffling paper in some Federal agency. What I am concerned about is that we approach this issue in a rational and orderly manner. We should do the science first, we should know what's causing the problem, we should be clear about what is needed to address the problem and then take action with a proper consideration of all the consequences--both wanted and unwanted. What we don't want to do is put ourselves in a position where our philosophy is ``ready, fire and aim'' instead of the more reasonable ``ready, aim and fire.'' Unfortunately, the EPA wants to shoot first and ask questions later. This is not right.  In the House of Representatives, on a bipartisan basis, H.R. 1984 was introduced, and this bill is very similar to the bill we are introducing.  So I would like to suggest to you, Mr. President, that there is going to be a lot of activity during the August recess, a lot of education going on to make sure that people understand what is about to happen and to make sure we don't go ahead and adopt standards that are artificially reduced with inadequate science to justify those reduced standards.  Mr. President, 12 o'clock being near, I yield the floor.  