 President, it is really propitious that the Senator from Nevada is in the Chair today because I am going to speak about our legislation, which is part of the WRDA bill. Let me begin by thanking the Presiding Officer for his leadership. We put this legislation together in 2015. This has to do with Lake Tahoe, and the Presiding Officer was the main author of the bill. Senator Reid, Senator Boxer, and I were supporters, and here it is in this WRDA bill. I want the Presiding Officer to know how I feel. This is how the Senate should work. We worked together for something that has benefited both of our States, and we are able to say we are getting the job done.  I wish to congratulate the Presiding Officer, Senator Heller. This is so special for me. I am delighted that Senator Heller is in the Chair, and maybe I can briefly go over the last 20 years of work on Lake Tahoe to bring us to this moment. I know Senator Heller couldn't be at the summit this year, but I want him to know that he was really missed, and I want him to know that Senator Reid put together one amazing summit. As a matter of fact, I called him and said: Harry, you can't have a rock group at this summit. This is a serious thing. We meet every year, and we go over all of the science, planning, and problems at the lake. He said: Let me tell you something. I am retiring. It is my turn to do this, and I am going to do it my way. And it turned out to be great.  I want the Presiding Officer to know that 7,000 people attended the summit. Our Governor spoke, but your Governor could not be there because he was committed to an event in your State. Senator Boxer spoke, Senator Reid, of course, spoke, and the President was there and also spoke. I was worried that it would be difficult if all of us spoke because there were 7,000 people expecting to hear this Las Vegas rock band called the Killers after the program.  Well, I must tell you that they were the utmost in terms of an audience. After the program was finished, and before the rock group performed, I became hopeful that we now have a whole new constituency of people working for the preservation of this lake.  As I mentioned, I have worked on Lake Tahoe with my colleagues for 20 years, and I believe we are at a critical moment. To understand the longstanding commitment to Lake Tahoe, one must start with the first Lake Tahoe Summit in 1997. Senator Harry Reid invited President Clinton, and President Clinton's trip put a spotlight on the declining health of the lake. The 1997 summit also launched a public-private partnership, or a Team Tahoe, made up of Federal, State, local, tribal, and private sector participants, which has invested $1.9 billion in restoration of Lake Tahoe. I want to just quickly report to the Presiding Officer some of the numbers, if I may. As I stated, we have invested $1.9 billion in the lake over 20 years--$635 million is Federal dollars, $759 million is California dollars, and $124 million is Nevada dollars.As you know, southern Nevada land sales have gone into this, thanks to your Governor and also Senator Reid. Local governments contributed $99 million, and I want you to pay attention to this number: $339 million has been raised by businesses and the private sector over the 20-year period. What we have is a very real, bi-State combined effort to preserve and restore Lake Tahoe. It is a special partnership.  I also want the Presiding Officer to know that during the stakeholders' luncheon, which preceded the summit, Dr. Geoff Schladow, a professor and scientist at University of California, Davis, said that his greatest concern was the fact that this lake is now warming quicker than any large lake in the world. Also, the Tahoe Environmental Research Center at UC-Davis recently released their annual ``State of the Lake'' report for 2016 which we discussed. We learned this year that the average daily minimum air temperature rose 4.3 degrees. And the average annual lake clarity depth decreased by 4.8 feet. In addition, we learned that prolonged drought and dead trees are increasing the risk for catastrophic wildfire. Sedimentation and pollution continue to decrease water quality and the lake's treasured clarity. And invasive species, like the quagga mussel, milfoil, and Asian clam, continue to threaten the lake and the economy of the region. We are going to have a continuing problem with the challenges we face, and that is why it is so important and timely to pass the Tahoe bill.  I am so proud of the accomplishments that we have made together. I want to again thank the Presiding Officer for this because it is really important. Lake Tahoe is one of two big, clear lakes in the world. The other is Lake Baikal in Russia. It is the jewel of the Sierras and known throughout the world for its beauty. It is a national treasure we must protect.  Let me cite what we have done and the progress we have made to date. We have completed nearly 500 projects, and 120 more are in the works. Our completed projects include erosion control on 729 miles of roads and 65,000 acres of hazardous fuels treatment. More than 16,000 acres of wildlife habitat and 1,500 acres of stream environment zones have been restored, and 2,770 linear feet of shoreline has been added to the lake.  I think what we have overall now is a bi-State Team Tahoe, and I think it took us 20 years to get there. I remember when Senator Reid got President Clinton to come in 1997, as I mentioned earlier, and had a big meeting at Tahoe Commons, which many of us attended. At that time, everybody was fighting. Planning agencies were fighting with homeowners, and environmentalists were fighting with others, but that doesn't exist today. Today we have effected a team, and I am so pleased that the Senator from Nevada is in the Chair, which was completely unplanned, so I can say thank you and how very proud I am that we have achieved this and that it is part of the WRDA bill.  This Tahoe bill builds off of these 20 years of collaborative work and includes $415 million over 10 years in Federal funding authorizations for wildfire fuel reduction, forest restoration projects, funding for the invasive species management program and the successful boat inspection program, funding for projects to prevent water pollution and manage stormwater, and funds for the Environmental Improvement Program, which prioritizes the most effective projects for restoration.  I wish to particularly thank our colleagues, Senator Inhofe and Senator Boxer. The only way you get this done is by working together, and I think the fact that they have worked together has ensured that we now have this opportunity to deal with this new challenge, which is unprecedented warming. Along those lines, just a word: As I understand what is happening, the projection is for less snow and more rain, which means more warm water. This impacts the cold-water fish in the Lake, and the Truckee River, which is fueled by Tahoe, and all of the streams that play into Lake Tahoe really depend on that snowpack. So the next few years, I think, are going to be crucial.  The time to act is now, and the Federal Government must take a leading role. Close to 80 percent of the land surrounding Lake Tahoe is public land, including more than 150,000 acres of national forest. Federal lands include beaches, hiking and biking trails, campgrounds, and riding stables. So the Federal Government has a major responsibility to see that these public lands remain in prime condition. And that is what this bill would help do.  I want the Presiding Officer to know that I look forward to working with him. We must continue the tradition that was set by Senator Inhofe and Senator Boxer, which Senator Reid helped to start. We have to carry on. I am delighted that the Senate is working again and that this bill is part of the WRDA bill.  I want to end by once again thanking the Presiding Officer for his leadership.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  