 President, I support the ``Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016,'' an important bill crafted to protect--and support--victims of sex crimes. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation introduced by Senators Grassley and Schumer.  The bill reauthorizes important programs that assist States in managing sex offenders and reauthorizes the U.S. Marshals Service efforts to locate and apprehend these offenders. The bill also protects the rights of sexual assault survivors. For example, it includes provisions to ensure sexual assault survivors are notified of their rights, such as the right to have a sexual assault medical forensic examination.  For many years, Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona and I pushed to provide victims of crime with basic protections in the criminal justice system. Those efforts culminated with the passage of the Crime Victims' Rights Act of 2004.  This bill similarly recognizes the rights of victims of sexual assault--an important step forward.  Finally, the bill includes a provision that I authored, along with Senator Cornyn, to extend the time for minor victims of sex crimes to pursue justice against their perpetrators.  Across this country, those who were sexually exploited as children are courageously coming forward, many years after the abuse took place.  My office has heard from a number of victims from California who--in the height of their innocence as children--were subjected to untold abuse and sexual exploitation. Many of these victims were not able to come forward until many years later--after they had reached adulthood.  To address this, I authored language to extend the statute of limitations for minor victims of Federal sex crimes. Specifically, section 8 of the bill extends the civil statute of limitations until the age of 28 to allow minor victims of sex offenses, including sexual abuse and child pornography, to sue their perpetrators.  This brings the statute of limitations in line with a similar law that provides a remedy for victims of sex trafficking. This provision is one step in the right direction, but we must do more to reform the statute of limitations for minor victims of Federal sex offenses.  Indeed, Senator Cornyn and I recently introduced legislation called the Extending Justice for Sex Crime Victims Act of 2016. This bill would clarify the law so that the civil statute of limitations for Federal sex crime victims begins to run 10 years after the later of when the victim actually discovers the injury or the violation, or when the victim turns 28 years old. This is important because victims of sex crimes are sometimes abused even before they can remember or understand the abuse--some as young as 3 years old.  I am hopeful that the Senate will take up and pass the bill I have introduced separately with Senator Cornyn to address this issue.  I am pleased to support the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016 today.  