  Mr. McCAIN. OK. I take it back.  Mr. President, I understand that, as usual, as we get to the edge of the cliff or the edge of the weekend, that somehow we will have an agreement and we will vote and we will pass a continuing resolution and we will all go home. We will all go home for the holidays and congratulate ourselves on doing such a great job and passing a congressional resolution.  Meanwhile, the 8,000 men and women who are serving in Afghanistan will be having a different kind of next couple of weeks. It will be in combat, it will be in jeopardy, it will be in fighting an implacable enemy that we have been challenging and fighting for the last 12, 14 years. The 5,000 troops who are in Iraq and Syria, with their lives literally in danger--there has been a couple, a few casualties, tragic deaths in recent days. The siege of Aleppo continues and the slaughter continues of innocent men, women, and children. As the exodus, I am told, takes place from Aleppo, the Russians, Iranian Revolutionary Guard, and Bashar al-Assad's thugs are culling out the young men for special treatment and interrogation. God only knows what that is like. Of course, the flow of refugees continues, now adding to the 6 million. The 500,000 who have been killed, that continues. And we are about to pass an appropriations bill that reduces our ability to help those men and women who are serving our country in uniform get their job done. We are talking about a continuing resolution that is a reduction in spending, that freezes accounts in place, and does not give us the capability to move them around to meet the threats we are facing around the world. I must say to my colleagues, this is disgraceful. This is absolutely disgraceful.  We are going to kick the can down the road because we failed to fund our troops. The fiscal irresponsibility of another continuing resolution will force the Department of Defense to operate for 7 months in the fiscal year without a real budget. Tell me one company or corporation in the world, small or large, that has their budget frozen for 7 months of the year and expects to operate with any kind of efficiency. You can't. You can't.  Now, the incoming President of the United States says he wants to spend more money on defense. Are we doing that with this continuing resolution? Of course not. The incoming President of the United States says we don't have a big enough Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, and we are cutting the size of the military.  Meanwhile, the President of the United States gives one of the most bizarre speeches I have ever heard in my life about what a great job he has done, what a fantastic job; and thank God ISIS does not pose an existential threat to the United States of America--never mind San Bernardino, never mind all the other attacks across the country and Europe. Never mind those. It is not an existential threat. This is the same Barack Obama who said ISIS was the JV and couldn't carry Kobe's T-shirt.  So what are we doing? By God, we are going to be out of here. Thank God, we are going to be out of here. And what are we doing? We haven't passed a defense appropriations bill that funds our troops. Earlier this year we had a defense appropriations bill, approved unanimously by the Appropriations Committee, but Democrats put politics ahead of our troops, filibustered that legislation, and brought the Senate to a halt.  Does anybody wonder about the approval rating of Congress when we will not even appropriate the money to defend this Nation and pay for the men and women in uniform who are sacrificing as we speak? Of course not.  Why haven't we passed the bill? Now, fresh off an election--the election is over. Republicans won control of the House and the Senate and the White House in part by promising to rebuild our military. Congress is about to cut defense spending again by passing another irresponsible continuing resolution.  Let me be clear, this continuing resolution would cut resources to our troops, delay the cutting-edge equipment they need, and hamper the war in Afghanistan. A lot of my colleaguesmay not understand, you authorize certain amounts of money for certain programs. With a continuing resolution, you can't shift that money around. Suppose there is a new product, there is a new weapon, there is a new ability we have. With a continuing resolution, now going on for 7 months, we will do that. Congratulations. Congratulations.  So this is Washington. Democrats filibuster funding for our troops in a political game to extort more funding for pet domestic programs. Republicans feign outrage. Then those same Republicans return months later to negotiate a continuing resolution that gives Democrats the domestic spending increases they always wanted, does so by--guess what. Guess what. There is an increase in this continuing resolution for domestic programs, some of them pork-barrel projects, and cutting funds for defense. I am not making that up. I wonder how many of the 100 Senators who will be voting on this continuing resolution know that this continuing resolution increases domestic spending and decreases defense spending. What a sham. What a fraud. Is there any wonder the American people hold us in such contempt? We are down to paid staff and blood relatives.  There is a lot wrong with this continuing resolution, but let me start with the rank hypocrisy embedded deep within its pages. Five years ago Congress recognized the need to rein in Federal spending, but instead of addressing the actual drivers of our deficits and debt, in one of the great copouts in history, it settled for a meat-ax approach. Congress passed the Budget Control Act, which cuts spending across the board. No matter how worthwhile, no matter how necessary, treat it all the same and cut it across the board, OK? It is designated to be so terrible, this sequestration--remember, it was 5 years ago--sequestration would be so terrible it would force Republicans and Democrats to negotiate a more reasonable compromise.  We know how that worked out. The Budget Control Act failed to force a grand bargain on the budget, but it was so genuinely terrible that Congress had to negotiate a series of short-term agreements to get out from under it. The latest of these was the Bipartisan Budget Act, which was passed last year and provided small increases for defense and on defense spending.  This agreement was consistent with the principle articulated by many of my Republican and Democratic colleagues--that defense and nondefense were supposed to be treated equally. It does not matter when you see the world on fire, no matter when you see 6 million refugees out of Syria, no matter when you see 500,000 dead, no matter when you see the Chinese asserting control over the Asia-Pacific region, no matter that you see Vladimir Putin dismembering Ukraine and putting pressures of enormity on the Balkan countries, no matter that you see the Russians, now a major power in the Middle East for the first time since Anwar Sadat, threw him out of Egypt in 1973--no matter all that. No matter that we continue to increase because we react to the number of troops and the amount of equipment that we are having to send to Iraq and Syria and other places in the world--treat the EPA the same as the U.S. Marine Corps. Treat the IRS the same as our brave pilots who are now flying in combat in Iraq and Syria. Treat them the same. This was the so-called principle of parity.  For the record, I never believed this trope. Instead, I held fast to another principle--that funding our troops would be based solely on what they need to defend the Nation. Isn't that an unusual sentiment--to fund the troops with what they need to defend the Nation, to give them the very best equipment so that, in the testimony of the uniform service chiefs before the Armed Services committee, who said in unvarnished words--these great military uniformed leaders said: We are putting the lives of the men and women in uniform ``at greater risk.''  Is no one in this body embarrassed that we are putting the lives of the men and women in the military at greater risk? What is happening here?  Many of my colleagues disagreed with me, which was their right. Over the last 2 years as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, having listened to the testimony of our most senior military commanders about the growing risk to the lives of our servicemembers, I have tried to break the hold of these arbitrary spending limits, increase defense spending, and give our troops the resources they need to defend the Nation.  Let me tell you what is happening to the military today. We have seen the movie before--after the Vietnam war. They have less ability to train. They have less ability to operate. Our pilots in the Air Force, Marine Corps, and Navy are flying fewer hours per month than Chinese and Russian pilots are. They are having to rob planes. They have even had to go to the Boneyard in Tucson, AZ, to find parts for their airplanes. They are that short of them.  You know what is going to happen? The pilots of these services are going to get out in droves because the commercial airline pilots who were hired after the Vietnam war are all retiring. All these people want to do is fly airplanes. When they are in Syria and Iraq, yes, they fly a lot. When they get back, they don't fly at all. Why? They don't have the money. When you cut defense, the first thing that suffers is operations, maintenance, and training. Again, it is not as if it is a new phenomenon. We have seen the movie before.  Here we are. We passed a defense bill last year that provided $38 billion in additional resources to give our servicemembers the modern equipment and advanced training they need. President Obama vetoed that bill because, as his White House explained, he would ``not fix defense without fixing nondefense spending.''  Think about that. The President of the United States puts defending this Nation on the same level as domestic programs. I am all for the domestic programs. I am not objecting to them, but to put them on the same level as the defense of the Nation partially explains the disasters over the last 8 years. America has decided to lead from behind, and America is now held without respect or regard throughout the world. We see all kinds of bad things happening, and I will not bother my colleagues because all I have to do is pick up the morning paper or turn on the television.  This year I offered an amendment to the Defense authorization bill on the Senate floor to add $18 billion to the defense budget, an increase that would have returned defense spending to the level the President himself had requested and for which the Department of Defense had planned. The Senate Democrats and some Republicans voted against that amendment. One Democratic Senator objected, saying: ``If defense funds are increased, funding for domestic agencies must also be increased.''  Got that? ``If defense funds are increased, funding for domestic agencies must also be increased.''  Some Republicans, mainly on the Appropriations Committee, argued that the amendment would not adhere to the Bipartisan Budget Act and stall momentum to pass appropriations bills as we consider yet another continuing resolution. We see how well that worked out.  So entrenched was this absurd notion of parity between defense and nondefense spending that when President Obama decided to keep more troops in harm's way in Afghanistan--finally recognizing a little reality--he refused to pay for them unless nondefense spending received an identical funding increase. Let me make that clear. The President of the United States--recognizing that the Taliban was not only not defeated but was gaining ground in parts of Afghanistan, the Afghan military sustaining unsustainable casualty rates--sent more troops to Afghanistan, sent more help to Afghanistan, but wouldn't pay for them unless we increased domestic spending.  Is that some kind of nonsense? So entrenched was this absurd notion of parity between defense and nondefense spending that the bottom line is this: Congress has had multiple opportunities to give our troops the resources they need. Each time, aided and abetted by the President and his administration, we squandered these opportunities because of the so-called principle of parity--that ``any increase in funding must be shared equally between defense and nondefense.''  After all that, it turns out that parity was merely politics masqueradingas principle. Because, dear friends, now Congress is about to pass a continuing resolution that shatters any notion of parity, breaks the spending limits of the Bipartisan Budget Act, increases nondefense spending at the expense of our troops, and even creates a loophole that allows nondefense spending to skirt the law and avoid sequestration--not defense spending, nondefense spending. It is crazy.  Under this continuing resolution, nondefense spending--get this. I don't know how many of my colleagues know this. Under this continuing resolution, nondefense spending is $3 billion above the Bipartisan Budget Act. Where does this additional money come from? It was taken from our troops. Under the continuing resolution, defense spending is $3 billion below the Bipartisan Budget Act.  As a result of increased funding, nondefense spending violates the Bipartisan Budget Act and would face sequestration at the beginning of next year to bring it back in line with spending levels allowed under the law. Not so fast, my friends--the continuing resolution contains a ``get out of jail free'' card that allows nondefense spending to break the Bipartisan Budget Act to avoid sequestration.  Here is what we are doing: We are cutting defense spending. We are increasing nondefense spending, even though it breaks the act and we have a provision in there that that is OK. I just hope that everybody knows what they are voting on in this.  Am I missing something? Am I missing something? Do Republicans control the House of Representatives? They are the ones who put this provision in. It is the Republicans who control the House of Representatives. Do Republicans fill the majority of the seats in this Senate? The last time I checked, they do. Did the Republican candidate just win the White House?  What on Earth are we doing here? Why are Republicans who complained for so long about runaway government spending about to vote on a take-it-or-leave-it continuing resolution that increases nondefense spending? Why are Republicans doing that? Why are Republicans who proclaim that ours is the party of strong defense cutting funding for our military to plus up spending on domestic programs? What is going on here?  Why are Republicans who voted down increased funding for our military because of the Bipartisan Budget Act voting for a continuing resolution that allows nondefense spending to exceed that law and creates a loophole to escape sequestration?  Why are Democrats who lectured for years--I got that lecture for hours and hours about the principle of fairness, of parity--who insisted that funding increases must be shared equally between defense and nondefense. Why are those Democrats about to support a continuing resolution that explicitly breaks that principle and that funds increases for nondefense by taking from defense?  Regretfully, as I say about Republicans and Democrats, the answer, and the only answer I can offer is hypocrisy--rank hypocrisy. What is so disheartening about the hypocrisy of this continuing resolution is how unnecessary it is. We can pass an appropriations bill. The appropriations bill was passed out of the Appropriations Committee unanimously. We can pass it. We can do it tomorrow; we can do it tonight. But they don't want to do that. They want this continuing resolution with all this stuff hidden in it, with a lot of legislative things in it that we find out, guess what, 10 hours, 24 hours, maybe even 48 hours before we vote on it. That is when we find out what is in the bill.  I would challenge--I would like to take a poll of my 100 colleagues here. How many of them have read the continuing resolution? I will bet you the number is zero. With this legislation, Congress has already done the hard work of negotiating a bipartisan compromise for defense spending. The Defense appropriations bill from earlier this year could easily be amended to reflect the compromise, and the Senate could be taking up the bill, but we are not. Instead, we are about to vote on another continuing resolution that would cut $6 billion from the level authorized by the NDAA.  I want to point out again: Who is being harmed by this? My friends, obviously, as I have stated, absolutely the men and women who are serving. They are the ones who are suffering from this. In the Defense authorization bill, we have a 2.1-percent pay raise for the military. In the continuing resolution, it is not in there. We are not even going to reward our men and women in the military with a pay raise that they have earned.  Some of my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee will argue that this continuing resolution is an increase to defense spending. That is a lie. I don't say this very often, but anyone who says there is an increase in defense spending in this continuing resolution is lying. For those of you who are not familiar with Washington doublespeak, let me explain how cut translates into increase inside the beltway. The new continuing resolution represents a modest increase over the previous continuing resolution passed in September, but that legislation contained a large cut to defense spending. Just as now, Members of this body were asked to go along with this cut with a promise that a Defense appropriations bill would soon follow. None appeared.  In other words, the best we can say about the continuing resolution we are considering today in this body today--and I am sure it will be passed on a Friday night--is that it merely contains a smaller defense cut than its predecessor. Twist the figures all you want, and I guarantee you that somebody on the Budget Committee or the Budget Committee chairman will twist it. The fact is, this continuing resolution is $6 billion less than what Congress just authorized for defense spending. Yesterday, we passed a Defense authorization bill, and this is $6 billion less than what we authorized. That is what we should be grading ourselves on because that is what our military has told us they need and what this body has agreed to provide them.  Let me emphasize that we go through weeks and months of hearings, markups, input, and debate, and we come up with a Defense authorization bill and provide this body in the Congress and the Nation with our best judgment of what America needs to defend this Nation and how much it costs. This continuing resolution will cut that number by $6 billion. That may not be much money among some, but it is one heck of a lot of money overall.  The hypocrisy of this continuing resolution is nauseating. The defense cut it contains is blind to the needs of our military, but ultimately it is the basic fact that Congress has failed to pass an appropriations bill and will be forced to pass another continuing resolution that will have the most real and immediate consequences for our servicemembers. Our Nation asks a lot of the men and women serving in uniform. As I mentioned, we are going to go home tonight, I am sure, because of the pressures that always take place on a Thursday or Friday, and they will still be out there. They will still be out there on the front line. They will be in Syria, Iraq, and helping the Afghan fighters defend their nation. They won't be going home, but we will. And what will we leave them with? A $6 billion reduction in their ability to defend this Nation.  The continuing resolution locks our military into last year's budget and last year's priorities. Tell me a company in the world where you have to stick with the priorities from the year before as you approach the coming year as to what you want to do and you are locked into the last year's provisions.  Consider what happened to our counter-ISIL efforts under the continuing resolution that is about to expire. Last week, military leaders had to come to Congress hat in hand seeking relief from the constraints of a continuing resolution in order to keep up the fight against ISIL. Since the beginning of the year, the Defense Department requested money to support local forces in Syria who are fighting to drive ISIL out of Raqqa, but because we are on a continuing resolution, money wasn't there. The Secretary of Defense, the highest civilian leader of our military, had to spend his time searching couch cushions to continue our fight against ISIL. Every day that ISIL remains entrenched in Raqqa is another day they can plot attacks on our homeland. It is another day they can terrorize Syria. It is another daythey can call themselves a caliphate. It is another day they can attract foreign fighters to their murderous cause. All of the Defense authorization and appropriations bills included the money to fund Syrians fighting to remove ISIL from its sanctuary, but the continuing resolution did not. If we had done our jobs, this wouldn't be an issue, but it was.  The same thing will happen under a new continuing resolution that does not fully fund the war in Afghanistan. The legislation will force the Department of Defense to pay for urgent requirements to deter Russian aggression in Europe by cannibalizing funds needed to help our Afghan partners take the fight to our common terrorist enemies. When it comes to national security, robbing Peter to pay Paul is not a strategy; it is a disgrace. This wouldn't be necessary under an appropriations bill, but it is under this continuing resolution, which is blind to the realities of our dangerous world, and the consequences will be felt on the battlefield.  The Department of Defense had requested $814 million to provide our Afghan partners with the helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft they need to take the fight to the Taliban and ISIL. This continuing resolution contains none of that funding. If there is anything we need in this fight, it is airpower.  General Nicholson, the commander of U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan, sent me a letter yesterday, and he warns that without this funding, ``the Afghan security forces risk losing the positive close air support momentum gained over the past year, which proved instrumental in enabling them to thwart the enemy eight separate times in its efforts to seize provincial capitals.''  What are we doing here? With the continuing resolution, we are putting the lives of countless Afghans in danger because we are not giving them the air support that they need.  Our failure to do our jobs and pass this bill and this irresponsible continuing resolution will make it even harder to achieve success in our Nation's longest war. This is shameful. A continuing resolution will also make the job of managing the government's largest agency even more difficult and at the worst possible time. The Presidential transition process currently underway is difficult enough on its own, but no incoming President has ever had to inherit a Department of Defense operating under a continuing resolution. I will repeat that: No President has ever had to inherit a Department of Defense operating under a continuing resolution, and this is not the time to break the streak.  Under a continuing resolution of any duration, our military, by law, has to delay 78 new military systems and stall additional production of 89 others. A continuing resolution delays major research and development initiatives. The latest continuing resolution provides DOD relief from these restrictions for the Ohio replacement program, the KC-46 tanker, and the Apache and Black Hawk helicopters, but that is only four programs out of hundreds. Worse still, this leaves DOD with the wrong mix of funding, causing shortfalls in important accounts totaling $22 billion. Let me repeat: The continuing resolution leaves the Department of Defense with a $22 billion shortfall across important accounts. Locking in funding at last year's level across all accounts is willful ignorance of the Department's plan to grow necessary programs and cut wasteful ones. This is not wise fiscal stewardship. This is reckless government on autopilot, and here are just a few of the consequences.  The continuing resolution is totally blind to the military readiness crisis that is putting the lives of servicemembers at risk. We are asking our troops to be ready to defend this Nation at a moment's notice. We are asking our troops to be ready to take the fight to ISIL. We are asking our troops to be ready to deter, and if necessary, defeat aggression in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific. We are asking them to be ready today, but a continuing resolution would force tradeoffs that undermine readiness.  We heard about the readiness crisis all year, but what does it really mean? It means the Navy doesn't have enough money to maintain ships and aircraft. It means that ships that taxpayers spent billions of dollars to buy will be anchored at docks instead of out to sea. It means our Navy and Marine Corps aircraft will be grounded and their pilot skills wasting away. It means the Air Force won't have the funding required to recruit airmen to keep its aircraft maintained and flying.  The NDAA we just passed would have stopped the military from cutting soldiers, sailors, and airmen. But because of this continuing resolution, the Army will begin firing 3,000 qualified captains. That is 3,000 soldiers with families. That is 3,000 soldiers who want to stay in the military and continue to serve their country. That is 3,000 soldiers willing to put their lives on the line for us, but because we refuse to do our jobs, 3,000 soldiers are going to get pink slips. That is shameful. It is madness.  Every senior leader at the Department of Defense has warned Congress about the negative impacts of a continuing resolution on our troops.  Secretary of Defense Ash Carter stated that ``a continuing resolution is a straitjacket'' that ``prevents us from fielding a modern, ready force in a balanced way.'' A continuing resolution, Secretary Carter said, ``undercuts stable planning and efficient use of taxpayer dollars.''  The Commandant of the Marine Corps, General Neller, warned that a long-term continuing resolution ``dramatically increases risk to an already strained fiscal environment and disrupts predictability and our ability to properly plan and execute a budget and a 5-year program.''  The Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General Goldfein, warned that a continuing resolution would reduce procurement of critical munitions for the ISIL fight, affecting not only the United States but our coalition partners that rely on us to deliver preferred munitions.  The Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Richardson, warned that a continuing resolution would lead to wasted taxpayer dollars. Under a continuing resolution, the Navy would be forced to break up its contract actions into smaller pieces. As a result, Admiral Richardson warned that the Navy would not be able to ``take advantage of savings from contractors who could better manage their workload and pass on lower costs to the Navy. These redundant efforts drive additional time and cost into the system, for exactly the same output.''  The Chief of Staff of the Army, General Milley, made a similar warning about waste and inefficiency resulting from budget uncertainty, saying, ``things like multiyear contracts''--et cetera, et cetera. General Milley is right.  I say to my colleagues: This madness has to end. It is time for Congress to do its job. When it comes to doing our constitutional duty to provide for the common defense, there is no call for lazy shortcuts that shortchange our troops. We passed the Defense authorization bill. Now let's fund it by passing the Defense appropriations bill, which gives our troops the resources, predictability, and flexibility they need and deserve. Next year, with a new President and Congress, let's go to work immediately on ending sequestration once and for all and returning to a strategy-driven defense budget. That is what the American people expect of us, and it is what the men and women who serve and sacrifice on our behalf deserve from us.  As I said, if I know my history--and I have been around here long enough--there will be an agreement. We will have a vote, and then go home and congratulate ourselves. For the next 15 days--or whatever it is--we are going to enjoy the Christmas holidays with our families and friends, pat ourselves on the back, and tell each other what a great job we have done.  We shouldn't do that. There are men and women serving in uniform overseas away from their families and friends and putting their lives in danger. We haven't done our job. We haven't done our job to provide for their security and their defense. What we have done is miserably failed, and this is another--not the first--and maybe the most egregious, given the state of the world today as we watch thousands being slaughtered in Aleppo, as we watch the Syrian refugee crisis, as we watch the Chinese act more aggressively, as we watch a buildup of themilitary in Kaliningrad, a place most people have not heard of, and we watch the continued aggression and advantage that our enemies and adversaries believe are appropriate action for them in light of our weakness.  What do we do? The message we send to the men and women who are serving in our military is that we care more about being home for the holidays than we do about you.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Barrasso). The Senator from Oklahoma.  