 President, today I wish to support Ms. Susan Gibson to serve as the next inspector general of the National Reconnaissance Office, NRO, the first to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate.  In 2013, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, which I chaired at the time, included in its Intelligence Authorization Act a provision to require Senate confirmation of the inspectors general for the National Reconnaissance Office and the National Security Agency. Ms. Gibson represents the first nominee to be considered by the Senate for the NRO position.  I had the pleasure to meet Ms. Gibson earlier this year, prior to the Senate Intelligence Committee's open hearing which took place on June 7, 2016, to consider her nomination. I personally appreciated our frank discussion for it demonstrated Ms. Gibson's understanding of the role of the inspector general and the need for principled, objective, and effective oversight of every aspect of the NRO.  With this confirmation, it will be Ms. Gibson's job to ensure that the NRO remains free of waste, fraud, and mismanagement, while supporting efforts to drive the organization toward more efficient and effective operations. I believe that Ms. Gibson possesses the extensive experience and background necessary to carry out this mission.  It is also important that Ms. Gibson recognizes her responsibility to keep the appropriate Members of Congress fully and currently informed about the concerns she may identify at the NRO.  I do not want to sugarcoat it, but this is big job. It is a big job, in part, due to NRO's size and the complexity of its mission. Ms. Gibson will be required to dig deep into some very technical and complicated programs, including some of the most classified and expensive programs.  But it is also a big job because it comes with the extra responsibility of conducting oversight of an organization in which most activities are conducted in secret. The duty to the American public cannot be overstated.  The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on which I currently serve as vice chairman is charged with ensuring the intelligence community operates in a manner that is legal, efficient, and abides by the values of the American people. The committee requires effective and independent inspectors general to support us in this task. It is my expectation that Ms. Gibson will make full use of the authorities provided to her as an inspector general.  So, again, congratulations on Ms. Gibson's well-deserved confirmation to this important position, and I want to thank her again on her continued service to the country.  