 President, at noon today a group of us on this side of the aisle went to the Supreme Court and stood in front of it and spoke about what was happening with the Republican decision to not proceed with the advice and consent provisions of the U.S. Constitution.  I have been a member of the Judiciary Committee for 23 years. I sat through six Supreme Court nominations. In those 23 years, as a nonlawyer, I really became infused with great respect for the American system of justice, for the trial courts, for the appeal courts, and for the supreme courts on the State level as well as on the national level. I don't think there is a system of justice that affords an individual, a company, or an organization a fairer way to proceed to litigate a case than the American justice system.  So as I stood there and heard some of my colleagues speaking, I began to think of the enormity of what is happening. We all know that the Constitution is clear that the President's role is to nominate and the Senate's role is to advise and consent on the nominee, nothing less, nothing more. I strongly believe that we should proceed to render the President's nominee to the highest Court of the land and proceed to consider that advice and consent process with a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. To do anything less, in my view, is to default on our responsibility as U.S. Senators.  That has been the process, no matter how controversial a nomination. That has been the process even when the President and the Senate are of different parties. And, yes, that has been the process during Presidential election years. That is what happened when Anthony Kennedy was confirmed in the last year of President Reagan's term when Democrats actually held the Senate majority. In fact, a total of 14 Justices have been confirmed in the final year of a President's term.  Now, why is this important? The Supreme Court is a coequal branch of our Federal Government. It is a vital part of the separation of powers. It is the final arbiter of the law of the land. And one of our important jobs as Senators is to ensure that the Court has the Justices it needs to decide cases.  It is impossible to overstate the importance of a functioning Supreme Court. Brown v. Board of Education desegregated our schools. Loving v. Virginia struck down laws that made interracial marriage illegal. Roe v. Wade ruled on the constitutionality of State limits on women's access to reproductive health care, which has been upheld as precedent for over 40 years. Bush v. Gore even decided who would move into the White House as President of the United States. More recently, the Supreme Court struck down limits on campaign money, nullified a key part of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, upheld ObamaCare, and legalized same-sex marriage.  Now, what does a 4-to-4 Court mean? The prospect of having more than a year--as a matter of fact, some are saying it is up to 2 years--of tie votes on the Court in major controversial issues would be terrible for our system of justice.  Justice Scalia wrote about the prospect of the split Court in 2004. In responding to a request to recuse himself, he declined. He said if he were to recuse himself, ``the Court proceeds with eight Justices, raising the possibility that, by reason of a tie vote, it will find itself unable to resolve the significant legal issue presented by the case.''  That is Justice Scalia.  He continued, quoting the Court's own recusal policy: ``Even one unnecessary recusal impairs the functioning of the court.''  So that is what we are doing. We are impairing the functioning of the Supreme Court of the United States.  What the Republicans are doing will affect cases for we think at least 2 years--cases left from this year and those to be heard next year. If Republicans are successful in blocking a hearing and a vote on the President's nominee, the Court will find itself unable to resolve important legal questions for a lengthy period of time.  Imagine that you are a plaintiff, someone who has been wrongly terminated from a business, or a business in a legal dispute, or imagine you are a person or a business held liable as a defendant for millions of dollars in a civil case or someone who has been charged with or convicted of a crime. You might spend years of your life in prison or even be subjected to the death penalty even though there may be a legal problem with your conviction or sentence. In all of these instances, as Justice Scalia pointed out, the Court ``will find itself unable to resolve the significant legal issue presented by the case.''  That will mean that individuals and businesses, as well as the American people, will be denied the full system of justice guaranteed by this Constitution. Our people should not stand for this.  There are major issues pending before the Supreme Court. There are important measures to help stop climate change, immigration issues, race in college admissions, the fundamental concept of ``one person, one vote,'' and the ability of unions representing public employees to function. The point is this: Important issues are before the Court, or will be, and there should be a full Court to hear them.  There is absolutely no reason--none--that the Senate should refuse to do its job and conduct full and fair hearings and hold a vote on the nominee.  Just a bit of history: The Senate has not left a Supreme Court seat vacant for a year or longer since the middle of the Civil War. That is a fact. It has not happened since the middle of the Civil War. That would be about 1862.  Even as the nominations process has become more contentious, the Senate has still considered Supreme Court nominees in a timely manner. This has happened regardless of who sat in the White House or which party controlled the Congress.  Here are a few historic facts to consider: Since the Judiciary Committee began holding hearings in 1916 for Supreme Court nominees, a pending nominee to the Supreme Court vacancy has never been denied a timely hearing--never denied a timely hearing--even in the final year of a President's term.  Since 1975, the average time between a Supreme Court nomination and a vote by the full Senate has been 67 days. That is about 2 months. I would remind my Republican colleagues that this includes Justice Anthony Kennedy's confirmation, which took place in February of 1988--a California judge--in the final year of President Reagan's Presidency and before a Democratic Senate. So in the final year, a Democratic Senate took a Republican President's nominee, who was a Republican, and made him a Justice of the United States Supreme Court.  This has held true even for controversial nominees. Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas both failed to win a majority vote by the Judiciary Committee, but their nominations still advanced to a full Senate vote. That was even the case for Justice Thomas, a very conservative jurist, who replaced Justice Thurgood Marshall, a very liberal jurist. And, again, this took place in a Democratic-controlled Senate.  Many of my Republican colleagues have voiced their own support for a President's right to have his nominee considered. Someone I consider a friend who was chairman of the Judiciary Committee during periods of my tenure, Senator Orrin Hatch, who voted in favor of Justice Ginsburg, said at the time--and I know this because I was sitting right there and heard it--he believed a President deserves some deference on Supreme Court appointments. He said he would not vote against a nominee simply because he would have chosen someone else.  Senator Grassley, now chairman of the Judiciary Committee, made similar comments, saying Congress must not forget its advice and consent responsibilities.  Well, those responsibilities don't cease with the death of a jurist. As a matter of fact, that is the clear intent of the Constitution, that the advice and consent responsibility is mandated, no matter what. So to refuse to hold hearings before a nominee is even announced, to me, is shocking, and it makes me think: To what extent is the partisanship in this body going when it is willing to deny the Supreme Court a vital member? It will be like denying a baseball team a pitcher. They couldn't conduct a game without a pitcher. And a case that has any controversy cannot be fairly held without nine Justices.  That is not what we were sent to Washington for. It is not how to do the people's business. To deny the American people full and fair Senate consideration for a Supreme Court nominee would be unprecedented in our history and further undermine faith in the Senate as an institution. I really deeply believe this, and I don't know why we would let this happen.  If Republicans follow through on this threat, the fairness of the process for the Supreme Court will forever be tarnished. The consequences could reverberate for generations, and it will be a serious gesture against the functioning of this great democracy. So all we ask is, do your job. It is why we were sent here after all.  Thank you very much.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  