 President, I thank the Senators, and I thank the Presiding Officer.  I have listened to this debate, and I rise to urge my colleagues to allow a vote on this due process guarantee amendment.  Senator Lee has filed it, I am a cosponsor, and I am delighted to be a cosponsor. We actually voted on an earlier version of this amendment in 2012, so this is nothing new. What Members may not recall is that it passed with 67 votes as an amendment to this bill for fiscal year 2013.  I would also note that thanks to then-Chairman Leahy, the bill on which this amendment is based had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee on February 29, 2012.  So this bill has come before this body before. It got 67 votes, and it had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee 4 years ago. Unfortunately, the amendment was taken out of the NDAA in conference that year.  It is my hope that the Senate will pass this amendment again this year and that the House will support it so that the law will clearly protect Americans in the United States from indefinite detention by their own government.  Members may say: Well, this isn't going to happen. We are not going to do this.  But we have done it. I remember as a small child going just south of San Francisco to a racetrack called Tanforan. It was no longer a racetrack; it was a detention center for Japanese Americans during World War II, and there were hundreds of families housed there for years against their will.  To prevent this from ever happening again, Congress passed and President Nixon signed into law the Non-Detention Act of 1971 which clearly states: ``No citizen shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United Statesexcept pursuant to an act of Congress.'' That sounds good, but it didn't go far enough.  Despite the shameful history of the indefinite detention of Americans and the legal controversy since 9/11, some in the Senate have advocated for the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens during debate on the Defense authorization bill in past years. These Members have argued that the Supreme Court's plurality decision in the 2004 case of Hamdi v. Rumsfeld supports their view. However, the Hamdi case involved an American captured by the United States military on the battlefield in Afghanistan. Yaser Esam Hamdi was a U.S. citizen who took up arms on behalf of the Taliban. He was captured on the battlefield in Afghanistan, not on United States soil. That is the difference. While the Supreme Court did effectively uphold Hamdi's military detention, the Supreme Court did not accept the government's broad assertions of executive authority to detain citizens without charge or trial.  In fact, the Hamdi decision says clearly that it covers only ``individuals falling into the limited category we are considering,'' and did not foreclose the possibility that indefinite detention of a U.S. citizen would raise a constitutional problem at a later date.  Since Hamdi was decided in 2004, decisions by the lower courts have contributed to the legal ambiguity when it comes to the detention of U.S. citizens apprehended in our very own country. You can look at the case of Jose Padilla. He is a U.S. citizen arrested in Chicago in 2002. Padilla was initially detained by the Bush administration under a material witness warrant based on the 9/11 terrorist attacks and was later designated as an enemy combatant who allegedly conspired with Al Qaeda to carry out terrorist attacks, including a plot to detonate a dirty bomb inside our country.  Padilla was transferred to a military brig in South Carolina, where he was detained for 3\1/2\ years while seeking his freedom by filing a writ of habeas corpus in Federal court. Now, it is important to note that Padilla was never charged with attempting to carry out the dirty bomb plot. Instead, he was released from military custody in November 2005 and transferred to civilian Federal custody in Florida, where he was indicted on other charges in Federal court related to terrorist plots overseas.  In a 2003 decision by the Second Circuit known as Padilla v. Rumsfeld, the court of appeals held that the 2001 authorization for use of military force, which we call the AUMF, did not authorize Padilla's military detention. The decision stated: ``We conclude that clear Congressional authorization is required for detentions of American citizens on American soil, because 18 U.S.C. Section 4001(a), the Non-Detention Act, prohibits such detentions absent specific Congressional authorization.''  So the Padilla case bounced back and forth from the Second Circuit up to the Supreme Court and then to the Fourth Circuit. The legality of his military detention was never conclusively resolved. Thus there remains ambiguity about whether a congressional authorization for the use of military force permits the indefinite detention of United States citizens arrested on United States soil.  So let me say that 12 years--let me repeat, 12 years--after Padilla was initially arrested and detained, he was finally sentenced to 21 years in prison in 2014.  The simple point is that we can protect national security while also ensuring that the constitutional due process rights of every American captured within the United States are protected.  That is what this amendment would do. Like the amendment that passed here in 2012 with 67 votes on this floor, this amendment would prevent the government from using a general authorization for the use of military force to apprehend Americans at home and detain them without charge or trial indefinitely. So no one could be picked up and not charged and held indefinitely.  It states very simply in our legislation: ``A general authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority, on its own, shall not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States.''  The amendment also modifies the existing subsection (a) of the Non-Detention Act, so it covers lawful permanent residents of the United States and ensures that any detention is consistent with the Constitution.  So new subsection (a) will read: ``No citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States except consistent with the Constitution and pursuant to an Act of Congress that expressly authorizes such imprisonment or detention.''  Now, let me explain the impact of these changes to the law. First, the U.S. Government will continue to be able to detain U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents on a foreign battlefield pursuant to an authorization to use military force, like what we passed after 9/11. That AUMF provides the authority to detain Al Qaeda, ISIL, and affiliated terrorist fighters.  In other words, if the government needs to detain an enemy combatant on a foreign battlefield under a post-9/11 congressional authorization to use force, that is not barred, even if the enemy combatant is, in fact, a U.S. citizen. Indeed, the Supreme Court held in Hamdi that the AUMF is ``explicit authorization'' for that limited kind of detention. So the amendment does not disturb the Hamdi decision.  Second, when acting with respect to citizens or lawful permanent residents apprehended at home, the amendment makes clear that a general authorization for the use of military force does not authorize the detention, without charge or trial, of citizens or green card holders like Padilla, who are apprehended inside the United States. Instead, they should be arrested and charged like other terrorists captured in the United States.  Now, the simple point is that indefinite military detention of Americans apprehended in the United States is not the American way and must not be allowed. In the United States, the FBI and other law enforcement and intelligence agencies have proven time and again that they are up to the challenge of detecting, stopping, arresting, and convicting terrorists found on United States soil.  Our law enforcement personnel have successfully arrested, detained, and convicted literally hundreds of terrorists, both before and after 9/11. Specifically, there were 580 terrorism-related convictions in the Federal criminal courts between 9/11 and the end of 2014. That is according to the Department of Justice.  More recently, Federal prosecutors have charged 85 men and women around our country in connection with ISIL since March of 2014. Suspected terrorists can still be detained within the U.S. criminal justice system using at least the following four options: One, they can be charged with a Federal or State crime and held. Two, some can be held for violating immigration laws. Three, they can be held as a material witness as part of a Federal grand jury proceeding. Or, four, they can be detained under section 412 of the PATRIOT Act, which provides that an alien may be detained for up to 6 months if their release ``will threaten the national security of the United States or the safety of the community or any person.''  Simply put, there is no shortage of authority for U.S. law enforcement to take the necessary actions on our soil to protect the homeland. Some may ask why this legislation protects green card holders as well as citizens. Others may ask why the bill does not protect all persons apprehended in the United States from indefinite military detention.  Let me make clear that I would support providing the protections in this amendment to all persons in the United States, but the question comes: is there political support to expand it to cover others besides U.S. citizens and green card holders? We went through this in 2012, I believe, before the Presiding Officer was here. The overriding situation is to prevent the Federal Government from moving in and picking up Americans and holding them without charge or trial, as was done with Japanese Americans after World War II.  Finally, with the passage of this, we will close out that chapter once and for all. So this is not about whether citizens apprehended in the United States,like Jose Padilla or others who would do us harm, should be captured, interrogated, incarcerated, and severely punished. They should be to the fullest extent the law allows, but not an innocent American picked up off the street and held without charge or trial--perhaps because of the person's name or looks or heritage.  So what about how a future President might abuse his or her authority to indefinitely detain people militarily here in the United States? Our Constitution gives everyone in the United States basic due process rights. The Fifth Amendment provides that ``no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law.'' This is a basic tenet of our Constitution and our values.  People are entitled to notice of charges, to an opportunity to be heard, and to a fair proceeding before a neutral arbiter. In criminal cases, the accused also has a right to a speedy and public trial by a jury of their peers. So these protections are really a sacred part of who we are as Americans. I think it is something we all take great pride in, and now it is, once again, the time. We did this in 2012, in the fiscal year 2013 NDAA bill.  It received 67 votes on this floor. I would hope that we would not be blocked from taking another vote on this. We experimented with indefinite detention during World War II. It was a mistake we all realize and a betrayal of our core values. So let's not repeat it.  I want to thank Senator Lee, Senator Tom Udall, Senator Paul, Senator Cruz, and others who have worked with us on this issue over the years. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.  I yield the floor.  