                           Amendment No. 4720  Madam President, I rise to speak in support of the amendment to keep guns out of the hands of known or suspected terrorists. The Orlando attack again exposed a dangerous loophole in our law that allows known or suspected terrorists to legally purchase guns through the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, known as NICS. We call this loophole the terror gap. Let me explain what that means.  There are currently 10 categories of people who are blocked from buying guns through the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, known as NICS, and here they are. They include felons, those under felony indictment, fugitives from justice, drug users or addicts, those committed to mental institutions or adjudicated as mentally defective, foreign nationals here unlawfully or those with nonimmigrant visas, such as temporary workers, those dishonorably discharged from the military, and those with a domestic violence restraining order.  But one group that cannot be blocked from buying guns are those who are known or suspected terrorists on the FBI's consolidated terrorist watch list. They can buy guns, but certain aliens can't, dishonorably discharged can't, people of renounced citizenship can't, drug users can't, fugitives from justice, felons, et cetera, are the ones who cannot.  We know that individuals on the watch list have exploited this loophole. According to FBI data, over the past 11 years, the success rate for known or suspected terrorists who undergo background checks to buy guns is 91 percent. So 91 percent of over 2,000 gun buyers were found by a GAO study to be able to purchase guns. Closing this dangerous loophole was first proposed by the Bush Justice Department in 2007. In fact, we derived the language in our amendment from that original bill.  Our amendment would give the Attorney General the authority to block a gun sale to known or suspected terrorists. It also provides an appeals process, both administrative and judicial. Let me read that language because it is derived out of the 2007 Bush Justice Department.  ``The Attorney General may deny the transfer of [a] firearm if the Attorney General determines, based on the totality of circumstances, that the transferee represents a threat to public safety based on a reasonable suspicion that the transferee is engaged, or has been engaged, in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources therefor.''  That is from that bill.  In order to ensure that FBI would be alerted in the case of an individual such as Omar Mateen, our amendment also includes language proposed by Senators Leahy and Nelson. This language would ensure that any suspected terrorist who tries to buy a gun within 5 years of being investigated for terrorism crimes would automatically trigger a notification to the Justice Department about the attempted purchase.  As you know, in 2013 and 2014, the FBI conducted two inquiries on the Orlando gunman related to suspected terrorism. Even though the FBI was investigating him for possible terrorism, and at one point placed him on the FBI's terrorist watch list, it had no power to prevent him from purchasing weapons at a gun store.  That is the key issue. It had no power to prevent him from purchasing a gun at a gun store. Had this amendment been in place, it would have allowed the Attorney General to know about the Orlando shooter's attempt to buy a Sig Sauer MCX assault rifle, and then investigate to determine whether to deny the gun based off this man's entire history.  Let me now explain how the terrorist screening database, also known as the consolidated terrorist watch list, works. Under this amendment, the Attorney General would look to this database to identify a known or suspected terrorist. To be included in this database, the FBI must have a reasonable suspicion--based on a totality of circumstances and objective facts--that a person is a known or suspected terrorist. Information is derived from intelligence and law enforcement sources at home and abroad. To ensure that only individuals who pose a threat to national security are placed on this list, FBI Director Comey told the Intelligence Committee in February that information is thoroughly vetted.  The FBI's process is also rigorously audited to reduce the number of false positives. There are approximately 1 million records in this database, but less than one-half of 1 percent are U.S. persons.  This is the net. This is the terrorist screening database. This is the product of intelligence and law enforcement. It is scrutinized, and if it is worthy, it is placed on this database--1 million records maintained by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center, fewer than 5,000 U.S. persons. That is one-half of 1 percent.  This is a targeted list that is carefully put together. It is focused on known or suspected terrorists believed to represent a risk to public safety.  One thing I want to say, and I will repeat this when I discuss Senator Collins' bill, but many people confuse this list with the no-fly list. The no-fly list is this dark blue center. It is 81,000 records. It is maintained by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center, and it has fewer than 1,000 persons.  Then there is the selectee list. It is even smaller. It is 28,000 records maintained by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center--fewer than 1,700 U.S. persons. But you can see, if you are going to have a net, the net has to be big enough. I am going to explain to you why in a moment.  Our amendment also includes due process protections. It allows an individual who believes they were mistakenly denied a gun to learn the reason for the denial and appeal that decision, both administratively with the Justice Department and judicially. This is the same appeals process currently in place for anyone who believes they are wrongly denied a gun through the NICS database, which I just went through a few minutes ago.  Let me speak about two Republican proposals, why I think they wouldn't work. I am delighted the Senator from Texas is on the floor. We both sit on the Judiciary Committee. I have had the pleasure of working with him for a number of years. But his amendment requires the probable cause standard to be met. That is a very high standard because if that standard is met, there is already enough evidence to arrest the person, search their home and car, seize their property, and indict the person.  It is not a practical standard to block a gun purchase. It would just be an infinitesimal part of what is actually out there. The proposal also says that somebody should be entitled to a full-blown contested hearing with counsel, but if this hearing is not completed within 72 hours, the gun sale goes through. The hearing would require the filing of an emergency petition, the service of process, the opportunity for the individual to get a lawyer, and then the actual full-blown hearing. This is nearly impossible to achieve within 72 hours, and if it isn't achieved, the terrorist gets the gun.  Senator Collins has also circulated alternative language. I consider myself a friend of hers. I have great respect for her. We serve on the Intelligence Committee together. But my view is that her alternative is not enough to close the loophole that creates this terror gap and allows terrorists to buy guns.  This alternative would focus on narrow parts of the database. This no-fly list--you can see how small it is--and the selectee list, which is here--the selectee list includes those persons who can fly but who receive additional screening before boarding a plane.  Focusing so narrowly on these two smaller lists is not enough, and I would like to tell you why. It would leave out a huge number of known or suspected terrorists--one, as you can see. I have gone through that. I have gone through the no-fly list. If we were to focus only on the no-fly list and the selectee list, we would be leaving out 891,000 foreign nationals--names given to us by law enforcement, intelligence sources, both here and among our allies--who are on the terrorist watch list and approximately 2,300 U.S. persons determined by the FBI to be known or suspected terrorists. Focusing on the smaller lists leaves out close to 90 percent of known or suspected terrorists, covering both U.S. persons and foreigners.  I remind my colleagues, you don't need to be a U.S. person to legally buy guns in this country. That makes it important to understand how this list is larger. Let me give you an example. Travelers using the Visa Waiver Program can legally buy guns. There are 20 million travelers in that program annually, and more than 100,000 of them don't go home when they should.  Now I would like to share one example where a known or suspected terrorist was on the FBI's radar but likely had not been placed on the no-fly list. Over the weekend, my staff went through 86 cases and pulled out some of them. I have them here, and at this time I would like to mention one.  Nader Saadeh, a U.S. citizen, was radicalized and became a devoted follower of ISIL. The FBI received a critical tip about Saadeh in April of 2015. The tip included a detailed account of his radicalization and support of ISIL. This is all available in a 13-page criminal complaint. In May, Saadeh flew from New York City to Jordan. He was detained and later arrested by the FBI. Here is someone who clearly met the definition of a known or suspected terrorist but was permitted to fly out of a major U.S. airport in the city where the 9/11 attacks occurred. This shows the danger of focusing only on narrow subsets of the terrorist watch list. To me, that just doesn't make sense.  There is broad support for our amendment, including more than 260 organizations and community leaders around the country.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the list be added to the Congressional Record directly following my remarks.  The Justice Department and the White House support this amendment. They believe it is a workable approach to help prevent terrorists from obtaining weapons. We worked with the Justice Department, and the Justice Department made some additions to our amendment. They released a statement of support. I will read it in part: ``This amendment gives the Justice Department an important additional tool to prevent the sale of guns to suspected terrorists by licensed firearms dealers while ensuring protection of the department's operational and investigative sensitivities.''  Thirty-eight Senators have cosponsored the amendment, including Republican Senator Mark Kirk, making it bipartisan.  Closing the terror loophole gap is an important step, but it isn't enough. Let me explain why. Today, you can buy a gun at a gun show without a background check. As a matter of fact, my chief of staff, a woman, was pursued at a gun show to buy a .50-caliber rifle, which is a sniper rifle from which a bullet can travel for a mile and still go through a brick wall. You can buy a gun on the Internet without a background check. You can buy a gun on the private market without a background check. That is why we must pass the amendment offered by Senators Murphy, Schumer, Booker, and Blumenthal. This would ensure that guns sold at gun shows, over the Internet, and from person to person are subject to background checks. If we don't also make that change, known or suspected terrorists will still be able tobuy guns at gun shows with no questions asked.  Now, with ISIL intent on perpetrating and inspiring attacks in this country, there is an increased urgency to make it harder for terrorists to get their hands on guns. To me, this isn't a gun control issue. It is really a national security issue. If there is any doubt about that, let me briefly share a portion of CIA Director John Brennan's remarks from last week's open hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee. He said:       We judge that ISIL is training and attempting to deploy      operatives for further attacks. ISIL has a large cadre of      Western fighters who could potentially serve as operatives      for attacks in the West. The group is probably exploring a      variety of means for infiltrating operatives into the West,      including refugee flows, smuggling routes, and legitimate      methods of travel.       Further, as we have seen in Orlando, San Bernardino, and      elsewhere, ISIL is attempting to inspire attacks by      sympathizers who have no direct links to the group. Last      month for example, a senior ISIL figure publicly urged the      group's followers to conduct attacks in their home countries      if they were unable to travel to Syria and Iraq.  Those are the words of the head of the world's most prominent intelligence agency. We should heed those words. We know ISIL adherents and sympathizers are already inside the United States. In fact, since March of 2014, Federal prosecutors have charged 86 men and women around the country in connection with the Islamic State, and 36 have been convicted. We also know that terrorists are well aware just how weak our gun laws are and that they urge their followers to exploit them.  In 2011, a man by the name of Adam Gadahn, an Al Qaeda spokesman--he is actually an American who went to Syria and was a suicide bomber--urged terrorists to take advantage of our weak gun laws. Gadahn stated on the Internet: ``America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms.''  This bears repeating. Terrorist groups--like Al Qaeda, ISIL, al-Nusra, and others--know that our gun laws are weak and can be exploited.  We can't continue to do nothing in the face of such potential death and potential devastation. I have been fighting to reduce gun violence throughout my career, since my days as a county supervisor and as mayor of San Francisco. I know how difficult it is to make changes because the opposition is so extreme and opposes any measure to curtail gun violence--no matter what it is. It was against all odds that the assault weapons legislation passed in 1994, and the gun lobby fought hard not only to defeat the amendment, which succeeded, but to defeat those in the House who supported it, and that started its own reign of terror.  When the Brady background check passed in 1993, multiple cloture motions on the bill failed before it ultimately passed with 63 votes, but that bill did not cover sales at gun shows, private sales, or Internet sales, which have increased significantly.  After the Newtown shooting, I thought we would do something to stem the tide of these weapons. We tried.  