Speaker, I thank the gentlelady from Ohio, Congresswoman Fudge, for yielding. I thank her for her leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. I thank my friend, Mr. Petri, for his work on this legislation. I am once again, and too infrequently nowadays, glad to join with one of my best friends in the House of Representatives, Roy Blunt from Missouri, who has worked with me for many years on this issue with the Shriver and Kennedy families.  I'm pleased that Patrick Kennedy is on the floor with us, my good friend and a wonderful Member of Congress, who's done such an extraordinary job representing Rhode Island and our country, and who Eunice Shriver is, I know, very proud of as she watches his commitment to those who have confronted disabilities and medical challenges. Patrick Kennedy has been a giant in raising the voice--and showed extraordinary courage. To that extent, that is consistent with the Kennedy legacy of courage in the face of adversity. Patrick, thank you very much.  I met Patrick's aunt in 1962, long before many people here were born. It was at a Young Democrats convention at the Washingtonian Motel on Route 70 in Montgomery County. Sargent Shriver was the speaker at that convention. Judy and I were at that convention. I was then 22 or 23 years of age, and I was, of course, properly awestruck by Sargent Shriver and Eunice Shriver, having gotten into politics because of John Kennedy's call for young people to become engaged.  Patrick is correct in many ways. Certainly, one of, if not the giant of the family, was Eunice Kennedy Shriver, who, through her relationship with her sister, understood firsthand the discrimination, the isolation, the prejudice that can be directed at somebody with a disability, or at least with somebody that didn't have the same abilities that others have. Not only did she lament that but she lived her life to reverse that. That's what Patrick was talking about, compellingly. That's why Roy Blunt and I have joined together over the years to support this legislation.  We have had the privilege of working with Tim Shriver and Anthony Shriver, who carry on the legacy. What a wonderful family, from generation to generation passing the torch of service from one generation to the next. I have had the privilege of being a close friend of, as I said, Patrick and his father, with whom I worked very closely over the years, and so many other members of his family.  This legislation is named in honor of Eunice Kennedy Shriver, who dedicated her long life to public service--not an elected office, but like so many more of us that served in elected office, millions and millions of Americans who saw a challenge and sought to meet it, especially committed to the inclusion of those with intellectual disabilities in the mainstream of our society. I was proud to call her friend. I was proud to be at NIH the day that we named a center for Eunice Kennedy Shriver. Moreimportantly, she was a friend to millions of people around the world, many of whom never knew her name and will not realize how they are the beneficiaries of her leadership and her commitment.  We have Eunice Kennedy Shriver to thank in large part for the Special Olympics and for better understanding of the challenges and potential of people with intellectual disabilities. This bill carries her legacy of inclusion and public service. It reauthorizes the Special Olympics Act, which continues grant funding for a remarkable movement that has promoted athletic competition and health for more than four decades. It emphasizes the importance of competition and competing and participating. Yes, winning is nice. But in the competition itself is the victory--the victory of spirit, the victory of courage, the victory of self-satisfaction.  Today, the Special Olympics reaches more than 3 million athletes in more than 150 countries. For those athletes, the Special Olympics means the joy of competition and the challenge of pushing themselves to be their very best. For the rest of us, the Special Olympics has increased respect for people with disabilities. From time to time, those of us who have participated in the Special Olympics, particularly some time ago, when huggers were allowed--we were huggers. Huggers simply meant, Congratulations. Well done. Keep on keeping on.  This bill also reauthorizes grants to expand the successful Best Buddies program, which is dedicated to the social integration of children and adults with intellectual disabilities. Again, Eunice Shriver and John Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, other Kennedy siblings saw Rosemary and they saw the isolation to which she was subjected. I had the opportunity of visiting Anthony in Florida, and Rosemary was at his house. The love and care extended to Rosemary was extraordinary. This was something that they lived, not just fought for.  Its volunteers gain valuable leadership opportunities and its participants with disabilities learn that they are valuable members of our communities. It is a valuable part of Eunice Kennedy Shriver's legacy, one that has found its way to more than a thousand schools and workplaces, and it deserves--and I'm sure will get--our support.  As Mrs. Shriver has said about the athletes whose competition she's supported for so many years, Special Olympic athletes are spokespersons for freedom itself--they ask for the freedom to live, the freedom to belong, the freedom to contribute, the freedom to have a chance. That should be the goal for every American with a disability, and indeed it should be the goal of us all. This bill brings it a little closer to realization.  I, again, want to thank my good friend, Roy Blunt, who has been so deeply involved in this effort. It has been, as always, a privilege to be his partner in this effort. I urge its overwhelming adoption and again thank Congresswoman Fudge and Congressman Petri for their efforts.  