I thank the two distinguished United States Senators from Minnesota for joining us this evening on the floor.  This is a sad day for America--not this particular day--but it is a sad event that an individual of the extraordinary quality and depth and courage and empathy and understanding will not be serving in the 112th Congress. This election saw the defeat of many, many very qualified people--not on their merits, but on the angst of the American public, concerned about jobs and the economy, concerned about the deficit, concerned about many things, and making a statement that they wanted to change. But, unfortunately, some babies got thrown out with the bath water.  Jim Oberstar is a giant in this body. There is no person who chairs any committee in the time that I have been a Member of the House of Representatives, which covers a period of 30 years, no chairman with whom I have served during that period of time has known his subject, has worked harder, studied harder, and focused us on investing in building America any more than Jim Oberstar of Minnesota.  Jim Oberstar graduated from college summa cum laude. Jim Oberstar has been in many places in this world. He taught in Haiti. His family comes from Slovenia. Jim Oberstar is not only a giant when it comes to how we make America a stronger country, how we build our country, how we make sure that we can get goods and services to and from and we can get our citizens to and from places where they need to be, but Jim Oberstar also is a giant when it comes to understanding the world in which we live.  Jim Oberstar has been a continually unwavering voice on behalf of working people in America. Jim Oberstar, in my view, is the definition of a Democrat--someone who puts as his highest priority the interest of men and women in this country, who, as Bill Clinton so famously said, go to work every day and play by the rules and want us to be on their side.  I have served with no individual in the Congress of the United States who has been more on the side of average working men and women who make this country a great country and who in fact are not average at all but extraordinary citizens who care for their country, care for their communities, care for their family, and care for their faith. Jim Oberstar has represented all of those values for every single day he has served in the Congress of the United States and for every single day he served as the chief of staff of his predecessor, John Blatnik.  This is a sad day because we recognize the loss of an extraordinary asset to America, to this House, to this Congress; and I count it as a personal loss to lose someone who has been such a close friend, an extraordinary adviser, a person who has set an example for what every American wants a Member of Congress to be--honest, committed, and on their side.  Jim Oberstar, you have blessed this House and blessed this country. Jim Oberstar, you have much to give in the years to come. Jim Oberstar, I want you to know that I, for one, will continue to rely on your advice and counsel as a partner on the side of every American that makes this country the land we love.  Thank you.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Thank you.  Madam Speaker, I would now like to recognize Tim Walz from Minnesota's First Congressional District, another member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.  