 As you know, Mr. Spratt and I and others have been working on this for many months now to try to see if there is a budget that can garner majority support. There was some indication, I will tell the gentleman--he's usually at the White House with us. He wasn't with us today. But Mr. Cantor is usually joining us at the White House in our meetings with the President.  But the fact is that the Senate Republican leader indicated he'd like to see some bipartisan agreement, at least on spending levels and observed that he thought the spending levels the President had sent down for our consideration were--he would like to see a lower number but he appreciated the fact that that number was sent down and was a constraint on spending, in fact, froze non-defense, non-security spending at last year's levels and did so for a number of years. So I made the observation at that point in time that I was hopeful that we in fact could perhaps reach some bipartisan agreement. I will be discussing with the gentleman probably early next week that possibility.  But I will tell you that Mr. Spratt continues to work very, very hard at trying to see if he can come up with a budget resolution that reflects something that can get agreement.  I want to tell the gentleman that one of the problems we have, as the gentleman knows, is we have created a situation of where the budget will have some very tough numbers on it. They are realistic numbers. They are the numbers. They are what they are. We are where we are. As the gentleman knows, I believe that we need to work very, very hard to get back to the place where we were when we started in 2001 when we had a balanced budget and a surplus projected.  I would call attention to a statement of Doug Holtz-Eagen, as I am sure the gentleman knows, who was with the last administration and indicated that this budget would have occurred under Senator McCain as well no matter what he did. We inherited an extraordinarily depressed economy, an exploding deficit and a substantial decrease in revenues. So we have an extraordinarily difficult situation that we've inherited that we're trying to deal with.  The President, as you know, has appointed a commission to try to deal with that. We put in place statutory PAYGO to try to constrain spending so that we can get back to where I said we were in 4 years before the Bush administration where we had 4 years of surplus. And, regrettably, we're not there now; but we're working on it.  