 As the gentleman knows, the conference is having its first session today as an open conference, full participation. I expect that to hopefully conclude within the next few weeks, perhaps sooner. And I expect to have that bill on the floor and to the President by the July 4 break.  In addition to that, we have the American Jobs and Closing Tax Loopholes Act, which is being considered by the Senate now. We passed this bill, asyou know, 2 weeks ago. The Senate, however, had left town, and they could not take action to extend unemployment benefits and to preclude cuts to Medicare payments to ensure seniors would get their doctors. I know the Senate is now working on this bill. And if they amend it, we will look at that and see what House action might be necessary.  In addition, we are looking at a budget resolution. We are still working with Chairman Spratt on a budget resolution that shows we have cognizance of the concerns that all of our Members have, A, about the deficit and also about constraining spending. As the gentleman knows, the President has sent to us a budget that for nondefense, nonsecurity spending is frozen not only for this year but for 2 years to come. So we are considering that.  In addition, the gentleman and I have been working very hard on Iran sanctions. I was at the White House today. I congratulated the President on the administration's success in having passed through the Security Council the Iran sanctions legislation. It is good legislation. Hopefully, all nations will abide by it, have its impact.  On the other hand, I think the gentleman and I both agree there need to be additional efforts made. We urge the Europeans, who will be meeting shortly, to do the same and hopefully have an even stronger resolution.  And then it's my expectation--I have talked to Mr. Berman, and I know you have talked to Ms. Ros-Lehtinen--my hope is that we will have--and my request, more than a hope, my request is that the conference report be brought to the floor the week of the 21st. And I have indicated that that is my expectation.  I want to also congratulate Ambassador Susan Rice for the job that she did in drafting the resolution that was adopted and successfully passing it yesterday. I am looking forward to working with the gentleman.  In addition to that, as you know, we have a supplemental that we want to have considered. We need to fund our troops that are in harm's way and make sure they have the resources necessary to carry out the mission they have been given. And I expect the supplemental to be on the floor possibly as early as next week. I would hope that we could get it that early, but certainly I expect it to pass before we leave.  It is my understanding that funding is available into July so that we have some flexibility, but my view is that we will pass it. And I will be pushing very hard to pass the supplemental, make sure our troops are funded. And I would hope that we could work on that on a bipartisan basis.  That is not all that will be done, but those are the significant parts of what I expect the agenda to be for the next 3 weeks.  