Every economist from his side of the aisle to our side of the aisle said that if we did not spend money last year that we wouldn't have grown the economy. In fact, Ben Bernanke, the Republican-appointed Chairman of the Federal Reserve by President Bush; and Secretary Paulson all said you had better invest or you are going to go into a depression, not a recession.  The gentleman talks about job creation, and it is very interesting because, generally speaking, he wants to return to the policies of the Bush administration. And the Bush administration, of course, was the worst job-performing administration since Herbert Hoover. I know the gentleman knows that because those statistics are pretty clear. It created 19,400 jobs per month. You talk about 400 and some odd thousand jobs. I agree with the gentleman. We need to create that level if we are going to get the jobs that your economic program lost, 19,400 jobs, and you need 100,000 to stay even. That was average over 96 months of the policies that were pursued during the Bush administration that my friend supported.  Very frankly, if you will remember, during the Clinton administration, in an economic program that your party didn't support to a person--everyone voted against it--we created 216,000 jobs per month. Now, there's no secret as to where those jobs were lost. If you create 10 percent of the number of jobs you need to stay even, you're going to go behind and we have a real deficit.  The CBO says that the program that was adopted that, of course, your party opposed, created 2 million new jobs or retained jobs in our economy. Over the last 5 months, we have had a net positive growth in jobs. We grew 162,000 jobs last month. The gentleman is absolutely correct, not nearly enough, but much better than the 779,000 jobs that were lost in the last month of the Bush administration or the average 726,000 jobs that were lost in the last 3 months of the Bush administration.  We are now in the pluses. We are starting to grow. We need to do much, much more. And that's why I responded to the gentleman, when he asked me what we were going to do, we're going to continue to focus on bringing jobs back to America and to our people.  