 There are times in life when you get a call and you are shocked, you are saddened, you are stunned. That was such a call for, I am sure, all of us when we learned that Paula Nowakowski had passed away.  Shakespeare said, ``She should have died hereafter. There would have been time for such a word. Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow.''  Paula will not see those tomorrows, and we are sad. And we share the sadness and loss that her family has experienced.  And, John, we share the loss that you have experienced. All of us who have staff know that they become family, not just staff, not just bureaucrats or somebody that we rely on to do this, that, or the other. They become alter egos, in many respects, particularly those who lead our offices. Paula Nowakowski had that relationship to John Boehner and, indeed, to others as well.  Since 1995, Paula was an important and positive part of Leader Boehner's team, and in that time she earned respect throughout the Congress for her political skill, for her work ethic and her dedication to her ideals.  I particularly remember her kindness and cooperation during the transition from a Republican majority to a Democratic one in November and December of 2006. Clearly, a difficult time for those who were moving from the majority to the minority. I have been there. I understand how it feels. It was a disappointing time for her and for Mr. Boehner, and for her party as well. However, throughout that time she maintained a professionalism, a courtesy, and a kindness that I will always remember.  Paula's premature passing reminds us all of the uncertainty of our future and the importance of today and now, and how important it is to be nice to one another, respectful of one another so that we do not lament tomorrow what we did not do today.  The absence she leaves behind reminds us that Congress is not simply an inanimate branch of government, but a living and vibrant community of public servants and, quite often, friends, a place for very talented Americans who love their country and seek to serve it well. Paula Nowakowski was such a person, such a fellow citizen, such an American. She was a valued friend of many, a loyal and effective leader of Congressman Boehner's staff, and an outstanding example of the dedication and hard work displayed by so many who serve this House and our country. Paula's absence will be felt in this community and especially in Leader Boehner's office for years and years to come.  So my thoughts are with you, Mr. Leader, at your loss. And our thoughts are with her family as well. We are pleased that they are here. They loved her.  It is important for them to know that although Paula was a partisan, as all of us for the most part are on this floor, she rose above partisanship. We rise above partisanship in our respect and love and sense of loss.  I yield back my time to the Republican leader.  