I rise in strong support of the rule on the COMPETES Act, and I will speak later on the bill itself.  But I rise to pay tribute to Muftiah McCartin. Muftiah is a good friend of mine, so I want you to take this as a totally subjective analysis. I don't pretend to be objective. I think Muftiah McCartin is one of the most able people with whom I have worked during the 30 years I have been here. Muftiah came here when she was just a child 35 years ago and has served this institution extraordinarily well during that period of time. She served the Parliamentarians that I have served with myself, Bill Brown and Charlie Johnson and John Sullivan, and she did so with extraordinary skill.  Our Parliamentarian's Office, for those who have the opportunity to watch us, are the truest nonpartisan, bipartisan people that we have in this institution, who give both sides advice and counsel as to how to conform to the rules and how to conduct business in the most appropriate fashion. Muftiah McCartin was a giant in that service. She cares deeply about this institution and all its Members, not from a partisan sense but from an institutional sense. She has served the American people extraordinarily well, and what an example of success she is.  She came here shortly after high school, working here, and went to night school to get her undergraduate degree and completed her law degree in night school. She showed the same tenacity that warranted the private sector wanting her to come and be with them. Her service to this institution cannot be calculated in any kind of numbers of years served. Her service to this institution is measured by the commitment she made to each and every one of us and to this institution.  Perhaps Terry, her husband, and her four children--her three girls and Luke--will have more time now with Muftiah because she was with us around the clock sometimes. When I first came here, we didn't have a rule that said you have to end at 12 o'clock. When I first came here in the early eighties, as Mr. Rangel will recall and Muftiah I know will recall, we sometimes went until 3 o'clock, 4 o'clock or 5 o'clock in the morning. They went home quickly and then came right back here to open the session at 9 o'clock or 10 o'clock, and of course they had to be here an hour or so earlier than that.  Muftiah, we cannot possibly--if I took an hour, which I could take with my 1 minute as majority leader--but if I took that hour or if I took multiple hours, I could not express the depths of our gratitude to you or the respect we have for the professionalism that you have demonstrated in the performance of your duties and the extraordinary affection we have for you as our friend, as our colleague. And we wish you the very, very best of success in the years ahead. God bless you, and thank you.  