Maybe the public gets tired of this back and forth. But the gentleman talks in ways that indicate that all of a sudden, in 2009, January, when President Obama took office, somehow the world fell apart. In point of fact, as the gentleman knows, in the last year of the Clinton administration, we gained 1.9 million new jobs. In the last year of the Bush administration, under the policies that the gentleman supported and his party was very enthusiastic about, we lost 3.8 million jobs. That is a 5.7 million job turnaround.  Yes, we were in dire straits. And conservative economists, Republican economists, Mr. Zandi and others, as well as progressive economists, liberal economists, call them what you will, all said: If you do not invest in this economy, if you do not invest in stabilizing this economy, very frankly, you are going to lose 800,000 in additional revenues. Which meant that you would be in the same debt position whether you invested that money or didn't.  Now, in investing that money, I say to my friend, with all but maybe 2 months over the last 15 months we have had a straight line out of the almost 800,000 jobs that under your policies were lost in the last month of the Bush administration. Almost 800,000 jobs. We have been on a straight line to now where 5 of the last 6 months, we have had positive job growth.  Is it enough? It is not. Should we do more? We should. Should we cooperate in doing that? Absolutely. That is what the American public expects us to do. But don't forget the fact of how we got here. Don't forget the fact that an awful lot of economists on your other side of the aisle said we needed to invest or the economy was going to fall even further, and we wouldn't have that straight line out of the depths of loss of jobs into the positive numbers of creating jobs.  Let me also say to you, you mentioned taxes, and you mentioned the fact that somehow it was because incomes fell. Incomes did fall, and that was unfortunate. They fell because, we believe--we don't agree on this--it was because of the economic policies that were pursued. We think our facts are valid.  I would remind you, 216,000 jobs per month for 96 months under the Clinton administration, average, 216,000; 21 months of over 400,000 jobs. The Bush administration had 5 of those months, and the Bush administration's average job creation over 96 months was 11,000 jobs; 216,000 versus 11,000 jobs.  So the economy was in great distress. Yes, we had to invest. Yes, we had to borrow. Because, if we didn't, our grandchildren--and I have grandchildren. I have a great grandchild. I am very worried about what they are going to inherit, and I knew that we could not allow the economy to fall through the floor.  But let me say this. This is from USA Today, from an article that appeared: Taxes Paid Have Fallen Much Faster Than Income in This Recession. Your proposition was taxes fell because income fell. Personal income fell 2 percent last year. That is 2 percent too much. Actually, it is about 10 percent too much, because we would have hoped they would have gone up 5 percent or 6 percent or 7 percent.  But listen to this next sentence. I know you will want to get this next sentence: ``Taxes paid dropped 23 percent. The BEA classified Social Security taxes as insurance payments.''  So I tell my friend, we inherited a terrible economy from the Bush administration, and we have been working very hard to bring it back. And almost every indication indicates that in fact it is coming back. We invested in trying to keep the automobile companies employing people, and they are doing that.  So I tell my friend that I did not, as you recall, imply that you had talked down the economy. What I said was Larry Kudlow, talking to his fellow conservatives, said, Don't do it, because the facts don't warrant that kind of attack.  So we are going to continue to work. I want to work with you. We want to get this economy moving. We want to create jobs. You will have legislation on the floor next week, hopefully you will work with us, that we think will do that. It will create summer jobs. It will invest in infrastructure with the America Bonds program. So there are a number of things that you will have an opportunity to vote on next week, I hope you will join us, which are going to continue to stabilize those who don't have jobs and to create jobs for them in the new economy.  