 I take that as a ``no,'' that you're not interested in having that bill brought up.  But $2.5 billion is a lot of money, and to the extent we cut $2.5 billion or $2.5 million, we ought to do it. You are going to have an opportunity to vote on that $2.4 billion, 185,000 job-creation bill probably next week. We're going to have it on the floor. So you'll have a chance to vote on that, I tell my friend.  We do want to work together. And the reason I keep bringing up is not to blame--I said this a couple of weeks ago--not to blame, but to point out the failure of the premise under which you have operated to do what you said it was going to do: create jobs, lower the deficit. In fact, it did the opposite. We followed that economic policy for 6 years. The American public said, We don't like this. And we couldn't change it because President Bush didn't want to change it.  In 2008, they said, We want new leadership. Unfortunately, the legacy we were left was the deepest economic recession as a result of those policies that this country has seen in 75 years. We're trying to dig out. It's difficult to dig out. We have a responsibility, however, to make the tough decisions to dig out.  You and I made a tough decision at President Bush's request in September. In February, we had to make another tough decision. You and I disagreed on that, and that was trying to put money into the economy, trying to stabilize it and bring jobs back. I suggest to the gentleman that that is working. It's not working as well as we would have liked, but we've had 4 months of job growth. Those 4 months, if they're replicated over the next two-thirds of the year, would create more jobs than were created in the 96 months of the Bush administration--1.7 million jobs. One million were created during the entire 8 years of the Bush administration, net.  We have a hole. We need to dig out. The gentleman is absolutely correct: to the extent that we dig together, America will be better. We want to do that.  