Speaker, I thank the gentlelady for yielding me this time, and I thank Mr. Shuster for helping bring this bill to the floor and thank Ms. Corrine Brown from Florida, who does such an extraordinary job.  Mr. Speaker, I rise as a proud sponsor of this resolution which I have worked on for a long period of time. It is a facet of Capitol Hill that we have to pass a resolution to approve and allow the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby to hold the 69th Annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby on the Capitol grounds on June 19.  Since 1938, when Norman Rocca beat out 223 other racers to win the inaugural Washington race, soapbox derby racing has had a long history in our Nation's Capital. Over nearly seven decades, thousands of the region's young people have come to Washington to take their place in a great race and a great tradition. Whether they were racing down New Hampshire Avenue, or at the current site coasting down Capitol Hill, the event's essential ingredients have remained the same: homemade, gravity-powered cars and the spirit of competition. America's soapbox derbies have rightly been called ``the greatest amateur racing event in the world.''  The boys and girls who participate, many of them sponsored by communitygroups, police departments or fire departments, don't just gain value experience in building and engineering; they learn about the value of hard work and fair competition.  As the Representative from Maryland's Fifth Congressional District, I am also proud to point out that my district has been the home to a string of soapbox derby champions.  In 2007, Kacie Rader, a neighbor of mine from Mechanicsville, Maryland, won the Greater Washington race and went on to become the first Marylander to win the national soapbox derby title, beating out 550 other local champions.  In 2008, Courtney Rayle, also from Mechanicsville, won the Greater Washington race and also went on to win at the national race in Akron, Ohio.  And finally, last year, her brother Justin Rayle, made it three Greater Washington wins in a row for Maryland's Fifth Congressional District. This is not fixed, I want to tell you. These are just great kids, and we are excited about the soapbox derby.  June's race will be the continuation of a proud tradition for our country and its Capital, and I thank Chairwoman Brown and Ranking Member Shuster for their support and help in bringing this resolution to the floor.  