But I think certainly jobs is an absolutely critical objective of ours this year, as you know, as it was last year.  The good news, as you know, is that CBO says that over a million jobs were created in the last quarter, or retained in the last quarter as a result of the Recovery and Reinvestment Act. As the gentleman also knows, in the last quarter, the last 3 months of the Bush administration, we lost on average per month 726,000 jobs. As the gentleman also knows, on average over the last 3 months we have lost 35,000 jobs. That is extraordinary. That is 5 percent of what we lost the last 3 months just a year ago. So that is progress. We are moving forward, but that is not success. Success will be, as you and I both know, when we are adding jobs, when we are creating jobs.  Unfortunately, over the last 8 years we have had the lowest job production in this country than we have had since Herbert Hoover. As a result, we are very much down in terms of supply of jobs for people who are out of jobs and need jobs to support themselves and their family.  I want to also say, I want to thank the gentleman and his colleagues on his side of the aisle for their positive participation yesterday, positive in the sense that yes, we didn't agree, but nobody expected there to be agreement down there, that everybody was all of a sudden going to change their perspective of how you get to where we all want to get. But I thought the American people, as I said, had an opportunity to see some serious people who had differences of opinion discuss them in a civil and, I thought, productive manner. I think that is a good civics opportunity for the American people.  Very frankly, we ought to do more of that. Because, unfortunately, all too often they see us on the floor not on the uncontentious, which we do pretty much working together, but they see us on the contentious, where tempers can get pretty hot, and the American public draws the inference that that's all we do. They don't like it, and I don't blame them. I know you and I don't like it either.  I want to thank you and your colleagues for your participation.  