He doesn't like to look back. He doesn't like history. He doesn't like to learn from our mistakes. I notice he doesn't outline the mistakes that the Bush administration made and that he made in supporting the Bush economic policies, but presumably he believes they existed, which led to such a disastrous performance of our economy. The turning of a $5.6 trillion surplus that the Bush administration inherited, which allowed it to do some of the things that it did without paying for them because they inherited surpluses, unfortunately, they left a $5 trillion deficit to this administration. They left a deep, deep, deep hole that we have been trying to dig out, without much help, frankly, from your side of the aisle, I will tell my friend. And we are getting out of that hole. Almost every indicator indicates that, including a growth in jobs. Not nearly to where people are feeling it. So we need to make sure that we continue to create jobs and create an economy that is working much better than it worked during the Bush administration.  The gentleman mentions that we were in charge of Congress in 2007. Yes, in 2006 the American public said we don't like the policies that the Bush administration and the Republicans in Congress are pursuing; we want a change. We did change. But the gentleman well knows that no veto of President Bush was overridden to change the economic policies you were pursuing, period. We couldn't do that. We couldn't do it until such time as January of 2009 occurred. When it occurred, unfortunately and tragically for the American people and the millions, 8 million-plus, to be exact, lost their jobs, a financial system that was suffering from egregious regulatory neglect and had, as a result, put many, many taxpayers, millions of taxpayers, to the responsibility of trying to stabilize the ship of state. And we have done that.  The good news is that money is being paid back. And the good news is that in terms of the bill that you and I both supported but two-thirds of your party did not, we did stabilize, at the request of the Bush administration, the financial community.  So when the gentleman says that we need to grow jobs, we do. But very frankly, if the gentleman is proposing the same policies that were pursued for 8 years under the Bush administration, then that won't get it and didn't get it. And that's why it is important to learn, not to place blame, but to learn, as I said the other day, from those failures and not repeat them, to invest in the growth of our economy.  