As a matter of fact, I talked to Bob Gates today, and I talked to him 2 weeks ago about this issue. I was concerned about this issue and shared his view that we certainly ought to solicit the views of how and why we ought to proceed.  That is why I worked to make sure that this amendment, which was the exact same amendment adopted in the Senate Armed Services Committee a little earlier today, did in fact provide that both the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Mike Mullen--who has made his comments on this pretty clear, as you know--Secretary Gates, and the President of the United States have to certify that the processes are in place. I understand the difference of opinion here is that, and I am sympathetic with your view.  Mr. McKEON. Let me reclaim my time because here's what's actually going to happen. And as I talked to the chiefs on the phone, one of them said very clearly, Look. I know how this works around here. I know what this means. I know how the amendment was written, that we take the vote tonight and then we follow through the process. But it becomes a sham because the headline, as he said, would be ``Don't Ask, Don't Tell,'' is repealed. And it's already on the headline. I just saw the news alert. ``Senate votes to repeal Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'' He says, I understand that. But those troops out at the FOBs in Afghanistan, when theysee it, when they hear it, they're going to see it's repealed. Why are you now asking me my opinion? It's done. It's a done deal.  So while we may understand that by law that it will follow through this process, in reality, it will be set tonight. And that's why we should have had more than 10 minutes, 5 minutes on our side, to discuss this. All we were given was 5 minutes. And that's why we've had to take time.  We could have spent time talking about all of the wonderful things in this bill, and yet we've had to talk because this thing is going to have more impact on our military and on our country.  You smile, Mr. Leader. And if you really feel that, then why don't we just follow the process?  And I'll be happy to yield.  