 Many of you, of course, visit on a relatively regular basis. Others of you we don't get to see as often. I now have been here long enough to know almost all of you, and have served with almost all of you. And I am always pleased to join here to welcome you back to the House.  I have my own Connie Morella from Maryland and Bev Byron. You know the story about Bev Byron. We met in 1962. She was wondering who this skinny kid was who had written to her husband, ``Dear President Byron.'' He was president of the Young Democrats of Maryland. And I signed it ``Steny Hamilton Hoyer,'' and she has not let me forget the officiousness of that letter.  But I am so pleased to be with all of you. I have lamented on numerous occasions welcoming you here that when I first came here it was 1981, and clearly the partisanship was starting to elevate.  All of you know, because I have said on so many different occasions, what respect and deep, deep affection I have for Bob Michel. Respect in the sense that I thought he brought the best of what the American people want and represented to the House of Representatives. He brought a philosophical judgment as to what policies we ought to support, direction the country ought to go, but he also brought a deep conviction that what the American public expected of us was to work together, respect one another, and try to do the best that we could for the American people.  Unfortunately, as all of you have seen, we are a deeply polarized Congress. That does not mean that we don't sit down together and talk about issues from time to time. Leader Boehner has just walked in. He and I are working on a joint enterprise that we think may have some real positive effect. And hopefully, we can win the day on that issue. But for the most part, we are not working together as collegially as I think the American public would like us to do.  The problems that confront our country, as all of you know, are very, very substantial. We have an immediate crisis, the oil crisis, which has given to the American public a sense of almost helplessness that their government is not responding in a way that can stop this oil from leaking. Clearly, BP and the entire oil industry has extraordinary incentive to do that. They have been technically unable to do it. We are in deep water both figuratively and literally on this issue.  John and I were on a television program on Sunday morning together on which we both agreed that, A, BP ought to be held responsible, and B, we need to do everything we possibly could to not only stop the oil, but to help those who have been hurt, which nobody can contemplate exactly how broad that will be.  The other issue that we are grappling with that I feel keenly about that has gotten cumulatively worse during the 30 years that I have been here, and that is the fiscal crisis that confronts our country. We are in deep debt. We are approaching or about at 90 percent of GDP in terms of our debt load. We are moving towards 100 percent. No country in the world can sustain that kind of debt load for very long and remain healthy, vibrant, and growing.  So we need your continued wisdom and counsel. Notwithstanding the fact you are not voting, you are all very, very influential people in this country and in your States and in your districts still. And your voice is needed, as we try to reach some bipartisan consensus on how to achieve a more positive fiscal picture confronting our country.  But notwithstanding those serious issues, as someone who just turned 71 yesterday, and I am sending the message to my constituents that I have no intention of retiring; I hope they have no intention of retiring me. I enjoy my service here. I continue. And I enjoyed serving with all of you on both sides of the aisle.  So on behalf of Speaker Pelosi, John will speak for himself, obviously, but I know in a very bipartisan way we welcome all of you back here. We enjoy seeing you. We enjoy reminiscing about the good times, about the challenges, and about how we got things done, and how we might apply those lessons of the past to the solving of the problems that confront us today.  So thank you all very, very much. Enjoy this day, and make sure that you come back on a regular basis to give us, as I said, not only advice and counsel, but perhaps even encouragement. Not everybody in America, as you have noticed, is giving us encouragement.  You know, the bad news for Democrats is that we are very low down in the polls. The good news for Democrats is Republicans are there with us. They don't like any of us. They don't think any of us have got it. So working together, perhaps we can reinstate their confidence and reinstate a positive, more confident America as we move forward, as you have done when you served America so well in this body. Thank you very much.  I now, if I might, the distinguished gentleman from Arizona, I know he wants to recognize him, but I would be pleased to yield to my friend with whom I from time to time have the opportunity to work together, but always try to have a cordial and positive relationship with, the Republican leader, Mr. Boehner.  