I want to congratulate the chairman, as the Speaker did, for a lifetime of dedication to children, to education, and to health care. He has been a giant in all three of those activities and, in fact, understands the relationship between all those activities.  I also want to thank the ranking member for his work. I know that he's not for this bill, so we have a difference there; but I do not believe, as the previous speaker said on his side of the aisle, that he's not also for making sure that children have the proper nutrition and grow up healthy. We have a different perspective on how to get there.  The Centers for Disease Control tell us that over the past three decades childhood obesity rates have tripled. Nearly one out of every five American children between the ages of 6 and 19 is obese. That is a national crisis. That is a national security crisis. That is a crisis that we owe morally, ethically, fiscally, and as a national policy to address. That doesn't just mean a lifetime of health problems for those children. It means a public health crisis that we all pay for.  One of my favorite phrases is, Life is a series of alternatives, series of choices, but they're not free choices. Ted Agnew was elected Governor of the State of Maryland at the same time I was elected to the Maryland State Senate, and he gave a speech on the east front of the capitol of our State in Annapolis. One of the phrases in that speech has stuck with me since January of 1967. He said, The cost of failure far exceeds the price of progress. I want you to think about that: the cost of failure far exceeds the cost of progress.  The cost of unhealthy children is far greater than keeping those children healthy, to facilitating their not only nutritional but health needs. We pay for the failure to do so in the billions of dollars in health care costs each year, and we even pay for it in military readiness, with at least 9 million young adults, think about it, 9 million young adults in America who are too overweight to serve in our Armed Forces, nine million, according to a coalition of retired senior military leaders.  So, again, a health issue but a national security issue as well.  We can't reverse the obesity epidemic or solve child hunger overnight. We recognize that. But we can take an important step towards getting ourchildren healthier food by passing this particular piece of legislation.  And as has been pointed out time after time, this bill was passed unanimously in the other body. That means that this is not a partisan bill. This is not a bill on which there was great disagreement, and we know in the United States Senate there are people who are very concerned about the budget deficit, very concerned about growth of government, very concerned about many of the things that were expressed on this floor. They unanimously said this is a priority for our country and we're going to pass it.  This legislation takes important steps to increase access to school meal programs, improve the standards of the food provided and sold to our children, and strengthen accountability to produce healthier results for our children.  Among the bill's most important provisions, it increases reimbursements for school meal programs so that the food offered can meet today's health standards, not outdated standards. We've learned a lot in the last 15 to 20 years. We understand better what creates healthy children, is helpful or is not, food that may taste good but leads to obesity.  Now, we all have the opportunity to purchase that. I'm a big McDonald's eater myself. I understand that luckily whatever metabolism I have seems to work with respect to my ingesting all of those McDonald's hamburgers and french fries. I love them and I don't want to be told I can't have them. But I do know this: I have a great-granddaughter who's 4 years of age. She's going to be in school pretty soon. I want to make sure the food she gets in school, whether she buys it or it's provided for her because she can't afford it--luckily our family will be able to afford it--is food that will enhance her health, her well-being, her growth, her intellectual abilities because she will feel well.  This is a critically important piece of legislation that so many Members of the Senate and the House have worked so hard on. The bill also helps schools create and expand breakfast programs because nutritious breakfasts have been shown to correlate strongly with improved academic outcomes.  George Bush I was a big proponent of Head Start. One of the reasons he was a big supporter of Head Start is because he thought it worked. He thought it worked to make sure that young people have opportunities. One of those, of course, is having a breakfast so that when they're in a classroom they're not agonized about hunger. They're focused on learning.  When families face food insecurity and when schools do too little to pick up the slack, we are condemning children to higher chances of poor performance in school and poor health throughout life. This bill will also provide grants and outreach to increase participation in summer food service programs so that children can eat healthier food year-round.  I learned about the importance of those programs firsthand. I'm sure many of you have done the same on both sides of the aisle. You have visited programs in your communities that provide children with healthy meals. I was in La Plata, Maryland, a few months ago, and I saw the direct benefit to those children of the program that was available to them there.  Finally, this bill would continue school districts' role in creating local nutrition and physical activity programs, but it will also ensure follow-up to see these programs are implemented and that they meet their goals.  The health of our children has a distinct and direct impact on all of us, and all of us care about that. It's not a partisan issue. Every Republican, every Democrat cares about the health of our children. But caring is not enough. We need to act as well. Saying that we care, as the Bible tells, faith without works is dead. It's nice to say you have faith, but if you don't follow that with action, that's somewhat empty.  This is an opportunity to act. This is an opportunity to not only say that we care about children and their health and their nutrition and their welfare but it is an opportunity to act and make it so. Let us do that.  I congratulate all of those who have worked so hard to bring this bill to the floor, and I urge its adoption.  