 I also am pleased to recognize the Speaker pro tempore, Alan Mollohan, of whom Robert Byrd was very proud, and who he considered a partner. I thank Congresswoman Capito for allowing me to speak--in fact, out of order--on the passing of the distinguished American who was larger than life in so many respects.  Today, we honor the life of Senator Robert Byrd. History will reflect him as the longest-serving Member Congress has ever seen. But, of course, if it were only longevity that we were honoring, it would simply be the hand of fate that allowed that to happen. But what we really honor is that Robert C. Byrd used his longevity to such extraordinary benefit of the people he served in the State of West Virginia, the people of this Nation, and the legislative branch of government. I doubt that there have been any peers to Robert C. Byrd in standing on the floor of the United States Senate or of the House of Representatives or in any forum in which he was temporarily present, that any more strong advocacy of the equality and separateness of the legislative branch was made clear.  Robert C. Byrd was a giant. He was a giant in terms of character. He grew during the course of his lifetime, which is a mark of a great man. All of us are, to some degree, captives of the environment in which we are raised and in which we live. Robert C. Byrd is no different. But Robert C. Byrd grew. He grew intellectually. He grew culturally. But he did not, in growing, leave his base. He did not forget the values that he learned in West Virginia--the values of courtesy; of kindness; of caring; of helping; of making sure that the people who were not famous, who did not have power, who did not have positions of note were never, never forgotten.  Mr. Speaker, I remember an incident that I'm sure was not unique to me. Early on in my career I went over on an appropriation matter--like you, Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Appropriations Committee. Senator Byrd invited me in. He was then majority leader. He invited me into his office. We sat down. And for the next 45 minutes--which, as a junior Member of the House, I found extraordinary--he regaled me on the history of the Senate and the books he had written. I was mesmerized in the presence of this giant of the legislative body.  At the end, as I'm sure he did to so many of us, he gave me a rectangular painting of a covered bridge in West Virginia. Mr. Obey is going to speak at some point in time--and Mr. Obey has a similar painting hanging in his office. Now it's not the original because Bob Byrd gave it to so many of us. But I looked at that and I thought to myself, What a kind gesture. How impressed I was, this young Member of Congress being accorded this kind of respect from this giant in the United States Senate.  Robert C. Byrd will be dearly missed by us all, and he will be missed most of all when very difficult issues confront the legislative body and there is a clamor that the legislature agree with the executive, for whatever reasons; a clamor that all too often emanates from fear of this, that, or the other, and that fear would ignore the constitutional role played by the Congress of the United States. It is then that we will miss Senator Byrd's clarity of intellect, of conscience, of commitment to the Constitution of the United States of America, as well to the rules of the United States Senate. He was a passionate advocate for people, for principle, for the Constitution, and for our country. Senator Byrd, we will miss you. But we will remember fondly your contribution and be ever thankful that we had the opportunity to serve with you.  Some of you remember my dog Charlotte. My dog Charlotte was with me for 15\1/2\ years. Some of you will recall for 10 of those years Charlotte came to work with me every day. Charlotte was an English Springer Spaniel. I planted a tree in my yard--it's a dogwood tree--and there's a stone and a bronze plaque for Charlotte. Charlotte was one of the loves of my life. I lived alone with her for 10\1/2\ years after Judy passed away.  The first call I got the day after Charlotte passed was from Robert C. Byrd saying how sorry he was that I had lost Charlotte. That was an indication of his humanity, of his caring for others.  Yes, he was a great man. But he was a man who understood the pain, the aspirations, and the hopes of all with whom he came in contact.  Thank you, Robert C. Byrd, our good and faithful servant.  