Sixteen of those times it was used by the Republican Party when you were in charge. Apparently you thought that was a procedure that was appropriate to pass. As a matter of fact, Judd Gregg, when he was criticizing us for criticizing reconciliation, said, ``What is wrong with a majority vote?'' We think there is nothing wrong with a majority vote.  There is a filibuster in the Senate. That is under their rules. I think those rules are impeding the work of the American people. But be that as it may, they are the rules. There is also a rule that provides for consideration of legislation through a process that is called reconciliation, a fancy name for simply saying there are things that are important, you can put them on the table, you can pass them in a time frame. But, as Americans would expect, a majority of the representatives of the American people have to vote for it. So I am not going to take that off the table.  But it has been the President's expression, my expression, the Speaker's expression, the Majority Leader of the Senate's expression we would prefer not to use that, not because we think it is a wrong procedure, but because we would like to create a broader consensus if we can.  But I will tell my friend, I think he to some degree misquoted me, I think you could draw that inference, the American people don't like the bill because of what surrounds it. When you ask them about the internals of the legislation, as I said, they respond positively to it.  And I will tell my friend about polls. A lot of expression about polls yesterday in our meeting. My friend will recall that we considered expanding the Children's Health Insurance Program. You will recall President Bush vetoed that program. You will recall that I stood on this floor and said, ``Do you understand 72 percent of Americans are for expanding SCHIP?'' Notwithstanding that, we couldn't get sufficient votes from your side of the aisle to override the President's veto, notwithstanding the fact that 72 percent of the American people thought children in the richest country on the faceof the earth ought to be covered, ought to be healthy, ought to be included in our health care system. So you saw it differently. I understand that. You used your judgment.  I frankly think that the American people want us to do what we are trying to do. They want to make sure we do it right and don't undermine the security they now have. And that is our intent as well.  