We are working on that.  I will say to my friend who has just given us an exposition on his new program--and he gave the Web site address, I think--that, first of all, let me say that we welcome the interest in the Republican Party in cutting spending. Of course, spending was substantially increased when you had the Presidency and the House and the Senate, very substantially, as you know, at twice the rate it was increased during the Clinton administration. We also believe that we are sure that many citizens have some very useful suggestions.  I would also urge them to make their suggestions to the commission which the President has appointed to get a handle on not 16/100 of spending but on the real dollars that confront us and which the American public are very concerned about.  The commission that the President appointed is to look at how we can bring spending down, how we can address the deficit, and how we can get back to the place where we were at the end of 2000, at the end of the Clintonadministration when we had a $5.6 trillion surplus. Unfortunately, that surplus was turned into this administration inheriting about a $5 trillion deficit while your party was in total control of the House, the Senate, and the administration.  But we certainly look forward to the suggestions that you have or anybody has in the public as to how we can bring spending under control.  Your party has talked a lot about earmarks. As the gentleman well knows, in 1994 there were some 4,000 earmarks between our 50 States and 435 districts. That was escalated under Republicans to 15,000--quadrupled the number of earmarks. Now the gentleman is against earmarks, at least wants a suspension of those. We think that that is, perhaps, progress.  But I want to tell the gentleman that we hope you will cooperate with us in the findings of the commission. You have three very outstanding Members that have been appointed from this House. Hopefully they will make substantive suggestions to get the budget deficit under control as was done in the 1990s when, for the first time in your lifetime and in mine--and I have a lot more lifetime to tout than you do--we had a balanced budget for 4 years in a row. That's never happened in your lifetime or in mine other than during the Clinton administration. That was important.  Unfortunately, in the following decade that we have just been through, again the deficit was exploded. But certainly any efforts to get suggestions from anybody, including the American public, of how they think that we can reduce spending, bring the deficit under control, is welcome, and we look forward to hearing suggestions.  But I want to say that while some of the programs you have mentioned, I have one of those programs being a $200,000 program. You say it's a $1 million program. In either event, it's certainly worth looking at to see whether it has value to invest dollars in.  But you and I both know that in a $3.56 trillion budget deficit that we have to look at the big numbers where we're spending money and what policies we have adopted in order to get to where I think all of us want to be, and that's back to where we were in fiscal year 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000.  I yield.  