I have never said that on this floor or any other place. So I wish the gentleman would stop mischaracterizing what I say.  Now, very frankly, what I have said is the policies we pursued were not working demonstrably when we took over the Presidency of the United States, and could change policy, which we did. We changed policy consistent with, frankly, what Senator McCain said ought to be done during the course of the election, not the same way, but that we had to invest in our economy. Mark Zandi, Senator McCain's economic adviser, along with others, said we needed to do what we did.  Now, the gentleman voted against it. But it has, I tell you, worked demonstrably, 2 million new jobs according to the CBO--not new jobs, retained or created. In fact, over 2 million jobs; 162,000 jobs created last month. Not enough. He is correct.  But to ignore the fact that we are making some progress, I don't know whether you saw Larry Kudlow, he said, you know, stop talking down the economy, stop saying that things aren't getting better because the psychology of the economy is very important. And, in fact, whether it's the stock market indication going up, they have confidence, whether it's the growth in our economy from a 6.4 percent decline in the economy that we took over from the Bush administration, to now, a 5.6 percent growth, that figure doesn't mean anything to anybody unless they get jobs. I understand that. We need to get jobs.  What it does mean, however, with the economy growing, that jobs will follow. And that's important.  So please don't put words in my mouth. We need to cut taxes for the American public. In fact, as you know--I want to remark on something that you said. Ronald Reagan was a supporter of the earned income tax credit. Why was he a supporter of the earned income tax credit? Because he thought making sure people had enough money to get by on, buy some food for their family, buy some clothes for their kids to go to school and pay their mortgage payment, was an important thing to happen.  That's the difference, frankly, between our two parties. We don't believe that was a handout. It was a hand up in a very difficult economy. We said--and they don't pay taxes. Why don't they pay taxes, I ask my friend rhetorically. The reason they don't pay taxes is they're not making enough money to pay taxes.  Under your tax program, I would suggest to you, you did that, we supported it. They didn't pay taxes. But what we said is, they've got to live, their kids have to eat, they have to get by. And to the extent that they have some assistance in doing so and spend that money, as every economist will tell you, and you know this to be the case, it will help the economy grow. Yes, we help those people as well.  Maybe you think that was simply a handout and that we shouldn't have done it. But we did it, and it is the difference between our parties in many instances.  I yield back.  