Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as I complimented Mr. Welch, I want to thank Mr. Kennedy for his leadership on this bill. I would note that we passed this bill through regular order again in the last Congress, passed with bipartisan support. It is appropriate that we bring it up early this year. Again, this is another bipartisan bill. We must allow the public to have administrative process relief in those cases where FERC does not actually issue an order, and this legislation will do just that. I urge passage of the bill.  The Federal Power Act sets forth processes to set rates for electricity, including opportunities for the public to protest a rate change filed with FERC. New rates take effect if FERC approves them or if FERC fails to issue an order approving or denying the filed rate within 60 days.  The failure to approve or deny a rate may result from agency delay or, in some limited cases, from a vote that results in a deadlocked Commission, for example, a 2-2 vote. In such cases, the rates become effective by operation of law, even when these rates were not approved by a majority of Commissioners.  The Federal Power Act, of course, provides administrative redress for members of the public to protest Commission rate decisions. However, if these rates become effective by operation of law, for example, that 2-2 deadlock, the administrative processes are not available to the public because FERC did not actually issue an order for the public to protest. The public literally gets shut out.  I don't want to speak for the gentleman from Massachusetts, but I think some of his constituents recently experienced this firsthand. As a result of that and of the hard work by Mr. Kennedy and of his staff and certainly of the committee staff on both sides of the aisle, the legislation was drafted. We considered it in committee during the 114th Congress, where it passed on a voice vote. We have it on the floor today.  I urge all Members to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  