Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 627, is an important bill that would help the Nation's schools make use of existing Federal programs to actually reduce their energy use. There currently are a number of such programs that help schools undertake projects that improve energy efficiency. Unfortunately, school districts don't always have the know-how to navigate the complexitiesof the Federal system and take full advantage of these programs.  The bill creates a simple one-stop shop to get all the needed information and help school districts participate more fully in these programs. The bottom line is that the Nation's schools will, in fact, reduce their energy costs.  As it is, energy use in American K-12 schools totals $6 billion every year, and reducing this figure can certainly save taxpayer dollars or free up funds that schools can use on things other than energy bills.  This bill, H.R. 627, has no cost since it merely sets up a system under which existing school energy efficiency programs can work better.  A similar bill was passed under suspension of the rules at the end of the last Congress, and I would hope that we can do it today, at the beginning of this Congress, so that the Senate can follow suit and get this to the President's desk.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. DeGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I want to voice my strong support for H.R. 627, Mr. Cartwright's Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act. This is a great bill that will provide a coordinated structure for our Nation's schools to help them better navigate available Federal programs and financing options.  Across the country, K-12 school districts spend literally billions of dollars on their energy bills each year while an estimated 14 million American children attend deteriorating public schools. By upgrading these systems, we can increase efficiency and focus school funding to achieve better educational outcomes.  This legislation passed the House previously with broad bipartisan support, and I urge everybody to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Cartwright), the author of the bill.  