Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2457, as amended. This bill was introduced by Mr. Johnson from Louisiana and was reported by unanimous consent from the Energy and Commerce Committee. The bill, H.R. 2457, authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, to extend the time period during which a licensee is required to commence the construction of Commission project numbers 12756, 12757, and 12758 for up to three consecutive 2-year periods.  Mr. Speaker, I would encourage all Members to join me and support passage of this bill, as amended.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. DeGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this is the last bill in our cohort of six extension bills that we are considering today, which I hope Mr. Peters' bill will absolve us from having to do in the future.  This bill, the J. Bennett Johnston Waterway Hydropower Extension Act of 2017 was introduced by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson) on May 16, 2017. It would extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to three consecutive 2-year periods from the date of expiration of the original extension.  Additionally, the legislation defers the obligation on the licensee to pay any annual charges required under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act until the project actually commences construction.  Finally, the legislation allows for the prospective reinstatement of the license should that license expire prior to the legislation's date of enactment.  I just have to add a few words to what Mr. Peters said earlier. Hydropower is so important. It is such an important renewable energy source in this country. We need to do everything we can on a bipartisan basis to make sure that we expedite these dams, that we really work together to get hydropower, even more important in our energy portfolio.  Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will favorably consider this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.  