Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. I do so with some hesitancy against my good friend, but I would say that this amendment would strike and replace the base tax with language that would add additional layers of red tape and bureaucracy already to the permitting process.  The bill itself, H.R. 3043, contains essential permitting and licensing reforms to ensure that renewable hydropower remains an important part of our all-of-the-above approach to energy, something that many of us on both sides of the aisle support.  We know that the permitting process has been broken. We have heard from FERC over the years and project developers who have been stuck for more than a decade because of bureaucratic delays.  We also know that we need to improve coordination. There are lots of moving parts with multiple permits required and sometimes dozens of agencies that are involved, but this bill, H.R. 3043, brings transparency and predictability to the process by empowering the State and Federal agencies to actually sit at the table with FERC to identify issues of concern and resolve them before they result in unnecessary delay.  The bill, H.R. 3043, as we have said a number of times over the last hour, ensures that States and Tribes are an integral part of that process. The word ``consult'' appears no less than a dozen times in the 30 pages.  Without these important changes to the law, States and Tribes may continue to be left out of the important decisions relating to hydropower licensing.  Again, I remind my colleagues that this is a new provision that we added. This wasn't in the bill last year as we debated this title and approved it in committee and saw it move again on the Senate floor with a vote that, as I recall, was 92-8.  The bill, H.R. 3043, strikes a careful balance, which is why it has broad support from the American Council on Renewable Energy, the American Public Power Association, the Business Council for Sustainable Energy, Edison Electric Institute, International Brotherhood of Boilermakers, InternationalBrotherhood of Electrical Workers, International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, Large Public Power Council, Laborers' International Union of North America, National Electrical Contractors Association, the National Hydropower Association, the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, the North American Building Trades Council, and the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment, we view over here on this side as a poison pill. It would kill jobs and discourage the development of clean, affordable, and reliable hydropower.  Mr. Chair, I would urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment and vote ``yes'' on the bill.  Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rush).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it.  