Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 1109, is, again, a bipartisan bill introduced by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Walberg). It was reported by unanimous consent from the Energy and Commerce Committee. It amends the Federal Power Act with respect to the prohibition regarding mergers or consolidations by a public utility.  Any merger or consolidation of a public utility whose value exceeds $10 million must first be authorized by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. In addition, FERC is required to promulgate a rule within 180 days that mandates any public utility seeking to merge or consolidate to notify FERC within 30 days of transaction consummation if the value of such merger or consolidation exceeds $1 million but, in fact, is less than $10 million.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. DeGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in support of H.R. 1109, sponsored by Representatives Walberg and Dingell, which would add a $10 million threshold to trigger FERC review of a merger or consolidation. This is a significant change to current law as established through the Energy Policy Act of 2005.  Obviously, FERC should not have to rely on trade publications or on word of mouth to know that merger or consolidation activity involving regulated utilities is occurring. This bill, as reported by the Energy and Commerce Committee, includes language requiring FERC to undertake a rulemaking to develop a short, simple, notification process for transactions above the $1million mark that fall below the new $10 million threshold.  This addresses a problem, in that FERC lacked a standardized way to acquire the information necessary to know that these below-threshold transactions were occurring. Without that knowledge, it would be too easy for someone looking to evade the new $10 million threshold to break their transaction into smaller pieces and, thereby, escape review.  I want to commend the gentleman and the gentlewoman from Michigan for their work to address this matter. I think this is sensible legislation that reduces the burden on industry and on the government, while ensuring the public good is fully protected.  I urge the passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.  