Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 511. I would note that this is our colleague Mr. Welch's bill that moved through the regular process through the Committee on Energy and Commerce last year. It received extensive bipartisan support. I am again glad to move this bill today.  External power supplies, EPS, are used with a wide variety of devices, and we have learned from experience that the Federal energy efficiency standards for them are not compatible with some of these applications. In particular, we need an exemption from these rules for security and life safety alarms and surveillance systems. This bill, H.R. 511, the Power And Security Systems (PASS) Act, provides a targeted exemption that allows these critical systems to stay on the market.  Devices like home security alarms or fire detection systems need to be on 24/7, but the 2007 energy law requiring energy efficiency standards for external power supplies did not allow for this. Subsequent legislation created an exemption for external power supplies used with these always-on devices. This exemption will end on July 1 of this year. This bill extends that exemption until 2023.  The result of the bill would be that these important security systems will continue to be available, preserving the jobs of those who make them and certainly the safety of those who use them. As with H.R. 518, the other external power supply bill that we are addressing today, these provisions enjoyed strong bipartisan and bicameral support when they were added to last year's energy bill. They also passed under suspension last year.  I urge my colleagues to once again vote ``yes'' on this measure.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. DeGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in support of H.R. 511, the Power And Security Systems, or PASS, Act. As Chairman Upton said, this bill will provide an important technical exemption for certain security and life safety products from energy efficiency standards set forth in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007.  As Mr. Upton said, a provision in the law increased the energy efficiency requirements for battery chargers and external power supplies, something which this side of the aisle very strongly supported. However, the provision also mistakenly included security and life safety products and required that they be manufactured with a standby mode despite being products that are inherently always on.  Without providing this correction, the security industry will need to spend millions of dollars to comply with an energy standard that will yield no energy savings and could cost jobs, which, of course, was never the original intent of the law.  I am pleased that my colleagues Representatives Welch and Brooks have reintroduced the bill, which the House passed last year but the Senate failed to move before the end of the last Congress.  This is a commonsense and consensus fix to a simple problem. The language was developed by both industry and efficiency advocates, with technical assistance from the Department of Energy. It should come as no surprise that this bill enjoys broad support from the security industry and energy efficiency advocates. I urge all of my colleagues to support it.  I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Welch).  