Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I don't intend to use all the time that is remaining. I just want to make a couple of points to my colleagues as we close debate on the general debate on this bill.  This isn't a new bill. A lot of us in this body on both sides support an all-of-the-above strategy. It includes safe nuclear. It includes clean coal. It supports energy efficiencies, renewables, wind, solar, and hydro.  This bill, H.R. 3043, is not a new bill. In fact, the provisions, almost to a tee, in both the House and the Senate version last year in a bill that ultimately didn't get conferenced to President Obama, we didn't really have any disagreements on the hydro section. We came to an agreement and the House passed the bill as it relates to the hydro bill. And the Senate bill passed, as I recall it, 92-8, pretty overwhelming, pretty bipartisan. In essence, the same provisions that we have here.  I got to say that, throughout the process, we listened to the concern raised by some of the stakeholders, including States and Tribes. We made a number of significant changes to the version of the bill as compared to the version again last year that added more strength, more hurdles to go through.  The biggest change, frankly, that we made was taking the hammer away from FERC to compel agencies to stick to a deadline. Consequently, no permits are going to be granted by default because of a missed deadline. But we also inserted new State and Tribal consultation requirements with a very strong savings clause that clarifies that nothing shall affect the Clean Water Act and other environmental laws. That wasn't in the bill last year. That is new this year.  So I think that we have accommodated the concerns, particularly when many of the Members that are here in this Congress that were there last Congress actually voted for the provisions we had, certainly in committee as well as on the Senate floor.  Again, I just want to read into the Record page 17, line 23: ``No Effect on Other Laws. Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect any requirement of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, the Endangered Species Act of 1973, section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (commonly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899), and those provisions of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, commonly known as the National Historic Preservation Act, with respect to an application for a license under this part.''  This bill is stronger than the one that most of us supported last year, particularly as it pertains to hydroelectric licensing by FERC.  So I commend the action of Mrs. McMorris Rodgers, who, again, carried the water on this in this Congress. I would like to think that we will have a positive vote with Republicans and Democrats supporting the bill. We are prepared to now discuss and debate the amendments.  Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.  