Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 2880, was introduced by Energy and Commerce Committee member Morgan Griffith in June of this year. The legislation went through regular order, and it was reported by the full committee with a bipartisan amendment by a voice vote.  The bill promotes closed-loop pumped storage hydropower projects by establishing an expedited licensing process that is going to result in a final decision on an application in 2 years or less.  We know that hydropower is a clean, renewable, and reliable source of energy that provides low-cost electricity to millions of Americans across the country. Closed-loop pumped storage is different than conventional hydro. These types of projects move water between two reservoirs located at different elevations in order to store energy and then generate that electricity.  As we have learned through hearings at the Energy and Commerce Committee, the complete regulatory process places new pumped storage hydropower projects at a significant disadvantage.  Pumped storage hydro has been around for almost 100 years, but with more intermittent renewables coming online, the need for grid-scale storage is more important than ever. The current process to license pumped storage takes way too long and creates too much uncertainty, burdening consumers with additional unnecessary costs and preventing jobs and economic opportunities.  This bill makes important changes to the process to enable FERC to issue a decision in 2 years or less. The legislation also requires FERC to hold a workshop to explore potential opportunities for development of closed-loop pumped storage projects at abandoned mine sites.  This bill is a good, bipartisan bill. I thank Mr. Griffith for his hard work on this important issue and for working with our colleagues across the aisle to bring this bill to the floor.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.  