I particularly commend Chairman Pitts and Ranking Member Pallone, Leonard Lance, Anna Eshoo, Lois Capps, and the staffs, really, on both sides. I made a commitment to all of these Members early on that we would work very diligently to get this legislation here, and we are finally here.  Madam Speaker, this bill, S. 1440, known as the PREEMIE Reauthorization Act, is designed to strengthen health care for kids, particularly for vulnerable kids. Not only does the bill reauthorize the PREEMIE Act, but it also includes the reauthorization of the Children's Hospital Graduate Medical Education program, and it authorizes the National Pediatric Research Network.  The original PREEMIE Act that I sponsored brought attention to the problems related to preterm birth, and since its passage, the preterm birth rate has declined. Good news. Yet, despite that improvement, according to the CDC, still a half a million babies are born prematurely every year in this country. That's one out of eight. We can and we must do better. This reauthorization will continue to strengthen the ongoing effort to track,prevent, and treat prematurity, ensuring that every child has a healthy start and a better chance at a healthy and a productive future.  Madam Speaker, the National Pediatric Research Network brings us a step closer in providing more help to children with unmet health needs, particularly to those with rare pediatric and genetic diseases. I've met a number of times with a family in my district, the Kennedys, whose wonderful little daughters--Brielle and Brooke, who are affectionately known in our office as ``Sleeping Beauty'' and ``Cinderella''--have a rare disease called spinal muscular atrophy. It's often difficult to conduct research into these diseases due to the very small number of kids with that disease, but today, we are working to provide families like the Kennedys and so many others with greater hope for a cure or an advancement in the treatment.  This bill will help establish pediatric research networks and the consortia that are effective in overcoming gaps in research. Networks and consortia will be comprised of leading institutions that will act as partners to consolidate and coordinate those research efforts.  