Speaker.  Mr. Speaker, I just want to say that with all of the positive comments here, this bill was not a piece of cake. There was a lot of hard work on both sides of the aisle, particularly by the staff on both sides of the aisle. Again, I want to cite Clay and Ryan on our staff.  But let's face it: All of us particularly involved on the health side of the issues, as we meet with different folks afflicted with different diseases, we want to find a cure. And it would be great to find that cure here in America because we have outstanding pharmaceutical industries that have the talent and the staff to work with the different departments, whether it be the NIH, the CDC, certainly the FDA.  So we really did set out last summer to embark on a good listening session to find out what it is that we needed to do not only to find the cures and the prescriptions but the right process for them to be approved so that those companies that are willing to make that investment would stay here in America and not go overseas. Because we really do want it made in America. We have the best folks here. And that's what this bill does.  The hard work in so many of the hearings that Joe Pitts led with Mr. Pallone, the work, the amendments, the subcommittee, the full committee, that whole process to get it done before it really expired later on this year is so important not only to the workers but, more importantly, to the patients.  So dealing with the drug shortages and working with Mr. McCaul and the different rare diseases, all of those different elements, we were able to weaveinto what I think is a mighty fine, strong bill. And to then, of course, work with our counterparts in the Senate, whom we often bash here, but they actually stayed with us, and we were able to work in a very strong bipartisan way to get our two bills refined and done in order to bring up on the House floor this afternoon.  I want to compliment everyone--and certainly Mr. Waxman, who is back on the floor--our leadership, the team that we had on both sides of the aisle and, again, our hardworking staff that really worked so hard to get this done, which impacts millions of lives.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.  