Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this amendment is really about jobs and the economy. The President, you will remember, in a national address in January, said he would do whatever it takes to create U.S. jobs. That's what this bill does. It creates, by just about everybody's estimate, 20,000 direct jobs and more than 100,000 indirect jobs. And I would note that under Ed Whitfield's leadership, the chairman of the Energy and Power Subcommittee, we went through regular order on this bill last year. We held hearings, we held a subcommittee markup, we had a full committee markup, and last summer we passed it on the House floor by almost a two-to-one margin; obviously, bipartisan.  Mr. Speaker, we consume about 18 or 19 million barrels of oil every day. We produce only 8 to 9 million barrels a day. This is a pipeline that will bring us 800,000 barrels a day from our friends, the Canadians.  We've waited 3 years. You'll remember that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in October of 2010 that she was inclined to support this. And in August of last year she said, We'll have the review done before the end of the year. It's not been done yet. And even though this House passed the bill by a significant margin, the Senate did not act. That's why this bill has been attached to a couple of different bills, and now it's part of the highway bill. I support the gentleman's instruction to the conferees to include this.  The route has been rerouted through Nebraska. They now support this new route. We have spent billions of dollars in our refineries across the country trying to get ready for this new source of oil coming from our friends, the Canadians. So what happens if we continue to say no? The Canadians, for sure, are going to still produce this. They're still going to mine the oil sands in Alberta. But it's not going to come here. It's going to go to China. China is prepared to spend with the Canadians literally billions of dollars to send it there, of which none of it will come back to the United States.  That is not the right answer. No, it's not. That's why it's not only a national security issue as part of the highway bill, but it's also a way that we will know that we will have a steady source of supply.  Now let me just make one more point. Today, we import from Canada 2.6 million barrels of oil every single day. A million barrels of that already is oil sands. In my home State of Michigan, the Marathon refinery outside of Detroit has spent $2.2 billion expanding their refinery, preparing for oil sands--not from Alberta, not from this part of Canada, but other parts--of which the oil sands will then be part of what we consume here in the United States. A million barrels of the 2.6 million that Canada sends us every day is oil sands. What is the problem with expanding that by another 800,000 barrels a day that will produce American jobs and allow us to have less reliance on friends like Venezuela and folks in the Middle East, if we can use our best friend, Canada, to help us provide this oil to the United States?  So I support the gentleman's instruction. I hope that it will pass when we have the vote tomorrow.  I ask unanimous consent that the balance of my time be reserved and under the direction of Mr. Whitfield, the subcommittee chair of the Energy and Power Subcommittee.  