Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, Chairman Pitts, Dr. Burgess, Mr. Barton, Mr. Waxman, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Dingell, and other committee members on both sides of the aisle for their bipartisanship through this process. H.R. 5651 is a reflection of their hard work, dedication, and willingness to work together. And because of that outstanding work, we have a bill today that will help American patients and innovators, and it will support millions of jobs, believe it or not, millions of jobs in an important sector of our economy.  As I've said since the beginning of this Congress, we need to enact this user fee by the end of June, and I believe that we're on track to accomplish that goal.  And as we put this user-fee package together, I wanted to ensure that it fostered American innovation by improving the predictability, consistency, transparency, and efficiency of FDA regulation. Fostering innovation is essential in getting new treatments to patients and creating American jobs.  This bill will foster American innovation because it includes significant accountability and reform measures designed to hold the FDA responsible for its performance. The measures include independent assessments of FDA's drug-and-device review process. It also requires quarterly reporting from the device center so that we don't have to wait a year to find out their progress.  I commit today that our committee will continue its vigorous oversight of the FDA. For example, we're going to use the independent assessments to determine where the review process can be improved, and we will ensure FDA fixes the problems. Also, we'll use the quarterly data on device reviews and bring the FDA before our committee to explain how it's doing.  This bill will give us the information that we need to understand how the FDA is performing. It is up to us to ensure that we use that information to hold the FDA accountable for their performance.  Together, the committee members have produced a bill that will help American patients, while supporting innovation and job creators. I thank the committee for their participation.  I reserve the balance of my time.  