President, yesterday I drew the Senate's attention to an editorial in the Wall Street Journal. It said that liberal leaders in Congress are ``gripped by a cold-sweat terror. If they permit a vote on offshore drilling, they know they will lose. . . .''  Today's Washington Post featured a similar editorial, which you normally don't get that would be favorable to the conservative view. They said:       Why not have a vote on offshore drilling? There's a serious      debate to be had over whether Congress should lift the ban on      drilling in the Outer Continental Shelf that has been in      place since 1981. Unfortunately, you won't be hearing it in      the House of Representatives--certainly, you won't find      lawmakers voting on it--anytime soon.  This same editorial ended with another good question. It said:       If drilling opponents really have the better of this      argument, why are they so worried about letting it come to a      vote?  That is critical.  The distinguished senior Senator from Florida and the junior Senator from Colorado were talking about: Let's all get along. Let's work together. Let's have a bipartisan solution.  I think we should. All you have to have for a bipartisan solution is a vote. For those people--and I am sorry to say it is right down party lines--ever since the veto took place back in the middle 1990s, when we, the Republicans, were the majority, we tried to open everything for exploration: the Outer Continental Shelf, ANWR. And, of course, we have those huge other reserves that if we had been able to do that, we would not be faced with this problem today. Yet all we want now is a vote.  So I do not know why becoming self-sufficient for America should be a partisan issue. Look at the reserves. Look at the possibility of what is out there, what we would be enjoying today if it had not been for that veto.  Now, that is not the worst part. The worst part is that if you go to my Web site, epw.senate.gov, you will see I have called up every vote that has taken place since that 1995 veto; and right down party lines, Democrats refused to increase the supply of oil and gas in America.  Look at the Outer Continental Shelf. We have been talking about that. That is what all these editorials are about. Look at ANWR. That is not as much as a lot of people think, although anyone who has been to ANWR, who has been up there, they don't come back saying it is a pristine wilderness, because it is not. It is a frozen tundra. Everybody up there wants to explore there. We know. We have a pipeline ready. That could be coming down here.  The Rocky Mountain oil shales--that is the biggest of all reserves out there. Right now we are under a Democrat-sponsored moratorium that keeps us from getting at those oil shales. We are talking about 2 trillion barrels. It is huge.  The Senate has been in session all week. It held one vote Tuesday and two votes this morning. Those were both procedural votes. All we want to do is consider amendments.  When my good friends from Florida and Colorado say: We want to all cooperate with each other, all we have to do is bring out amendments and vote on them, I would love to have the Senator from Colorado have the opportunity to vote in favor of expanding the supply of oil and gas in America.  A lot of people have tried to denigrate the idea of supply and demand, and yet there is no one I know of in America who has gone through the high school level who has not studied supply and demand. It is a very simple thing.  The Senate Democrat majority, after wasting an entire week, is engaged in a process, a scheme, to go ahead and have some votes tomorrow.  By the way, let me share, as I did once before earlier, the two bills that will be voted on tomorrow are bills that I have opposed in the past. I think it is very interesting, when they talk about LIHEAP, when they talk about doing something about supplying gas to heat homes in the Northeast, instead of subsidizing, let's open the supply line, let's start producing gas and oil, and bring the price down so we do not have to subsidize it. It is a very simple thing. So I am going to vote ``no'' on that. I oppose it. In fact, I do not even think I will stay here for that vote.  The other one--the housing vote--I respectfully disagree with some of the comments that were made. Of course, we do not have some of the problems in Oklahoma they do in other places. But, nonetheless, the idea is we could have been doing these all week long, but we also could have been doing amendments. We could have been voting on amendments.  We have consistently tried not only to go out there and explore and to develop the resources we have--we are the only country in the world that doesn't export our own resources--but we also have to have an increase in refinery capacity. I have to say this: We have--I personally have in legislation not just opening it up for exploration so that we can increase the supply but also refining it. If we had all the supply in the world, we wouldn't have the refining capacity because of some of the stringent requirements we have in this country and the unwillingness to allow new refineries in the United States. We wouldn't have the refinery capacity. So I have what is called the Gas Price Act. I introduced it some time ago--I guess 3 years ago now--and we never have been able to get it passed. It divides right down party lines. The Democrats will not allow us to increase our refining capacity. This is a bill no one should be opposed to.  A lot of people know what the BRAC process is, the Base Realignment and Closure Commission. What we have had an opportunity to do is to close some of these bases, these military installations that are not performing a function commensurate with the cost. What do the adjoining communities do when this happens? They are in dire straits economically because they don't have anything to do with that property. Yet this would allow them to do it and have EDA grants to attract refining operations in these areas.  That is what the Gas Price Act was all about. That is what we have currently in legislation that we hope will be considered before very long.  We are presently considering a bill to impose new rules on speculating, claiming that speculators have been driving up the price of oil. It is always easy to find somebody to blame when we have not done the responsible thing as legislators. I know it is tough for some Democrats to face up to some of the extremists, the environmentalists, and agree to go ahead and develop the resources we have and explore and produce and drill for oil. However, if you talk to the smart people out there who are looking at this bill--this bill we are talking about is trying to blame everything on speculators. T. Boone Pickens, who has had a lot of attention recently, says:       Speculation doesn't have anything to do with it. You have      85 million barrels of oil available in the world and demand      is at 86.4.  Warren Buffett:       It is not speculation, it is supply and demand.  Walter Williams. This is a good one. He says:       Congressional attacks on speculation do not alter the oil      market's fundamental demand and supply conditions.  Then the International Energy Agency says:       Blaming speculation is an easy solution which avoids taking      the necessary steps to improve supply-side access and      investment.  I see the Senator on the floor who will be able to go into some other aspects of this. I think this debate is very significant, but the debate in absence of votes is really meaningless, except we are letting the American people know that it is the Democrats in the Senate and in the House of Representatives who are not allowing the Republicans to pass legislation that will increase the supply and will bring down the price of gas at the pumps. I will be going back tonight to my State of Oklahoma, and I can assure you, the No. 1 problem in the Nation is the price of gas at the pumps.  Let me clarify one thing before I yield the floor. I have known Boone Pickens for a long time. Let me tell you, he is not very pleased with the misinterpretation that the Democrats are coming down and attributing to him. When he ends his ad saying, ``We can't drill ourselves out of this problem,'' he is talking about, we have to drill everywhere. This is his statement. We need to drill on the Outer Continental Shelf. We have to drill in ANWR. We have to have the Rocky Mountain oil shales. We have to preserve access to the Canadian oil sands. We need it all. Even after all of this, we still need to do more. I agree with that. I have another piece of legislation that will help him in taking the compressed natural gas so it can be used to get a more immediate response to this growing problem in America.  So I would only say we need to keep talking about this. The American people need to keep listening until they realize and accept the fact that the Democrats are blocking the Republicans from increasing the supply of oil and gas, and we are not going to be able to bring down the price at the pumps until we are successful and have enough public support to get this country back producing again.  It is interesting. If you look at the polling data, one State--I won't mention the State because it is quite a liberal State philosophically--2 years ago, only 28 percent of the people in that State wanted to drill on ANWR and the Outer Continental Shelf. Today, it is 68 percent. So with that, I think it is a very simple solution. We need to get busy with it to increase our supply.  I yield the floor.  