 Today, I want to call attention to a place that has been lost in the sea of many other conflicts and crises plaguing our world--Zimbabwe, a country slightly bigger than the State of Montana which sits in the southeastern portion of Africa. It has faced and continues to face difficult challenges and untold sufferings caused by an authoritarian and corrupt leader, Robert Mugabe.  After fighting a long battle and civil war, Zimbabwe gained independence in 1980 from the white Rhodesians. Independence came with an envisioned sense of hope. Everyone thought good things were going to happen, and the President that was elected was a man named Robert Mugabe. But the honeymoon quickly ended with the realization that newly elected President Mugabe had fought the war to gain personal power and control rather than to provide freedom and democracy for its people.  In the 1990s, the country continued to weaken under the self-centered leadership of Mugabe. As the Book of Proverbs--Solomon--tells us: ``Where there is no vision, the people perish.'' That is what is happening in Zimbabwe.  Robert Mugabe failed to provide a vision for his country, focusing solely upon himself and his ability to remain in power. The people of Zimbabwe have suffered dramatically as a consequence.  In a country that once showed evidence of steady economic growth--a country, I recall, that was considered one of the wealthiest countries in Africa; that was considered to be the bread basket of Africa--it has now been named the world's fastest shrinking economy.  In 2007, inflation rose above 8,000 percent. Unemployment is estimated at 80 percent, and 80 percent of the population lives on less than $2 a day. Mugabe's leadership has been such a disgrace. Throughout almost 30 years of his leadership, nearly 28 years, he has worked to tighten his rein over the nation by intimidation, violence, and oppression.  In 2002, the Government initiated a farmland redistribution program which resulted in 400,000 farmers losing their homes and livelihood. The program resulted in scandal and embarrassment to Mugabe when investigations revealed that more than 300 farms were intended for his senior officials and ministers rather than for resettlement. In other words, these were payoffs to his political friends.  In 2005, Mugabe initiated one of the most inexcusable incidents of his Presidency. Operation Murambatsvina--or translated, Operation Clean Out the Filth--was a demolition project the Government claimed was designed to reduce crime in the major city. It resulted in an estimated 700,000 Zimbabweans losing their homes. Twenty percent of the population has been reported as affected by the demolitions.  Many people thought this was a political move aimed at squashing any potential protests or uprisings against the regime and displacing the opposition party base. Not only has Mugabe's actions displayed his blatant disregard for the well-being of his people, but he has also expressed this in his own words. In August of 2006, after a violent crackdown on a peaceful protest by the Zimbabwean union, Mugabe said he had warned, prior to the incident, that security forces ``will pull the trigger'' against the protesters.  Mugabe said this:       Some people are now crying foul that they were assaulted.      Yes, you get a beating. When the police say move, move, if      you don't move, you invite the police to use force.  Many believe that the farmland redistribution and Operation Clean Out the Filth contributed drastically to the poverty affecting the Zimbabweans. The Government has accused food aid agencies of using food to turn Zimbabwe away from Mugabe's ruling party, and, in turn, continues to maintain tight control of food distributions.  The totalitarian regime has, not surprisingly, placed a very significant emphasis on their military and security forces. In 2006, the Government reportedly spent more than $20 million--that is 20 million U.S. dollars--to purchase new cars for police, military, and intelligence officers. In a dying economy, it is stunning that Zimbabwe is able to buy high-priced military articles, to include their recent purchase of fighter jets from China costing more than $240 million.  As you know, Madam President, China has an increasing influence on the continent of Africa, but their relationship and long support of Mugabe's ZANU-PF Party is concerning. China is currently Zimbabwe's largest investor and second largest trading partner. As most Western countries, including the United States, enforce an arms embargo against the country, China continues to sell defense articles to the regime. Most recently, South Africa refused to let a Chinese cargo ship unload because it was carrying more than 70 tons of small arms destined for Zimbabwe.  China has also played a significant role in diplomacy in Zimbabwe. China was Mugabe's key supporter through the international outrage in response to Operation Clean Out the Filth. China worked to quiet the U.N. condemnation of the incident and is now expected to veto any proposed action by the Security Council to punish Mugabe's administration--which, of course, they can do under the rules of the United Nations. China's persistent support and supply to Mugabe's regime demonstrates their indifference to the violence, oppression, and potential civil war looming in the country.  On March 29, 2008, Zimbabwe held Presidential elections along with parliamentary and local elections. I am very familiar with this, Madam President, because I was there when it happened. I was actually in Tanzania, and we were watching very carefully, with all the countries, all hoping that they would have an honest election. Sure enough, Mugabe lost. The incumbent President Mugabe ran for the ZANU-PF Party, and a man named Morgan Tsvangirai for the Movement for Democratic Change Party.  The election process was tainted with intimidation of voters and violence against the opposition party and supporters of the opposition. Political rallies were banned. The opposition party's secretary general was jailed, denied bail, tried for treason, and may face the death penalty. There are also reports that the regime is restricting access to food in opposition areas, threatening already hungry people to either vote for Mugabe or to starve.  The results of the race, finally released in May, indicated that the MDC opposition leader won the election but didn't quite reach the 50 percent, sothere was a runoff that was scheduled for Friday--that is this Friday, the 27th. Sadly, this week, the opposition leader, because of threats on his life, pulled out of the race and refused to take part in what he calls ``a sham of an election process.'' He said he cannot ask Zimbabweans to vote ``when that vote could cost them their lives.'' He has taken refuge now in the Embassy of the Netherlands.  Mugabe has clearly stolen the election, and the outlook for true reform for democracy for the people of Zimbabwe looks very bleak at this time.  As I have traveled across the continent--and I have traveled across Africa more than any other Member probably in the history of America--I have seen wonderful things happening on the continent. Whether it is Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania, Uganda, Ghana, Benin, or Cote d'Ivoire, in these countries wonderful things are happening. They are making great strides everywhere except Zimbabwe. While Mugabe leads Zimbabwe away from reaching its full potential, there are other leaders on the continent who have chosen a vision of democracy, freedom, and progress in their countries. And while not perfect, each is making improvements and taking strides to improve democratic practices and exercising the free political will.  Mugabe will never allow his people to decide the next phase and direction of their country. I think we should call on the African leaders, which I have done personally in Africa--many of whom are my friends and brothers--and leaders all over the world to do what we can to help the people of Zimbabwe.  I have to say, Madam President, and I speak firsthand because I was there when this happened, that Zimbabwe was once the bread basket of sub-Sahara Africa, and I have seen Zimbabwe now, the most devastated of all the 52 countries of the continent of Africa.  With that, I yield the floor, and again I thank my friend from Pennsylvania for allowing me to go before his presentation.  