I invite any Members who are around--I know several will want to speak tomorrow, but we do have time right now if they want to come down.  As I said in my opening remarks, this is not a discussion about science. That is something for another day. We have been talking about that now, the lack of science, for a number of years. I have to go back to then-Vice President Gore, who had a study done by a very prominent scientist--his name was Tom Wiggly. In this study, back when he was Vice President, he said: If we were to have all of the developed nations--not developing, not China, not Mexico, not India, but the developed nations--to sign on to, to ratify the Kyoto treaty and live by its emission requirements--of course they wouldn't do that anyway because the emission requirements are not complied with in some 15 Western European countries; only 2 are living within their emission requirements, but he said assuming all developed nations did sign on to Kyoto and live with the requirements, how much would it reduce the temperature in 50 years?  Do you know what his answer was after he did this massive study? Tom Wiggly, the scientist for Al Gore, said it would reduce the temperature by 7/100th of 1 degree Celsius. This is after all the economic pain.  I think what I might do is use a little of the time, if no other Members come down, to talk about how other people are looking at this. The Las Vegas Review Journal--I am hoping the leader of the Senate would be reading the Las Vegas Review Journal--said:       Consumers are already struggling with gasoline approaching      $5 a gallon and other utility costs that have been moving      steadily higher for the past few years. New mandates placed      on producers in the name of ``global warming'' will only make      matters worse.  That was an editorial in the Las Vegas Review Journal a few days ago.  From the State of Ohio, The Plain Dealer--I know we are going to have Senator Voinovich taking a very active part in this debate. He is another one of the leaders bringing us into a renaissance for nuclear energy in America, which is desperately needed. I have to say, as we approach hopefully the solution--not having anything to do with this bill, but the energy crisis in America--I agree we need all sources. Oklahoma is very busy right now and very effective in their research on biomass--cellulosic biomass. Both the University of Oklahoma and Oklahoma State University, the Noble Foundation, are very active. We want that. It is not here now. That is better, to me, than the ethanol mandates that merely use up the market for corn to the extent that my livestock people in Oklahoma are paying a lot more now for feedstockthan they did. You won't have to do it with feedstock in the future because you will be able to do it with biomass and other forms. When it gets down to what the solution is to the energy crisis, we do need to have all these in the future: Wind, solar, and all that, when the technology is here. But right now we are 53 percent dependent on coal for our ability to run this machine called America.  As the Senator from Virginia stated, we will have to have coal as well as nuclear energy. Clean coal technology is out there. We have to keep that going. A lot of people fear this bill is going to put an end to coal.  The one ingredient we have to have, of course, is natural gas. That performs well. A lot comes from my State of Oklahoma. But one thing that will be necessary to pursue in the future is nuclear energy. Right now some countries such as France are 80 percent dependent upon nuclear energy. We are down around 20 percent. That is an area where we can do something.  Up in Ohio, The Plain Dealer newspaper, in their editorial, said:       The bill, as conceived, will just bore new holes into an      already battered economy.  In Pittsburgh, the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review:       If there indeed is a second Great Depression to come, this      will be the government measure that guarantees it arrives      with a devastating gut punch.  That was an editorial called ``The Climate Security Act? Reject The Ignorami'' in the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review.  San Francisco Chronicle--this is kind of interesting--from the State of California:       The Senate debate on the climate bill probably will focus      on its impact on energy prices and the economy, which in the      short run could be considered significant.  The Associated Press recently said:       With gasoline at $4 a gallon and home heating and cooling      costs soaring, it is getting harder to sell a bill that would      transform the country's energy industries and--as critics      will argue--cause energy prices to rise even more.  The Wall Street Journal--there are a couple of them. I quoted already from the Wall Street Journal. This one was a few days ago.       This is easily the largest income redistribution scheme      since the income tax.  I think it is interesting when people realize what we are talking about here is redistributing the wealth from the people who are the poorest, very poorest people. A CBO report found recently, quoting from that report:       Most of the cost of meeting a cap on CO2      emissions would be borne by consumers who would face      persistently higher prices for products such as electricity      and gasoline. Those price increases would be regressive in      that poorer households would bear a larger burden relative to      their income than wealthier households.  We are going to hear from the chairman of the committee stating, I am sure, in the future: We are taking care of that because we are redistributing some of the $6.7 trillion, redistributing $800 billion of that to some of the poorer families.  Wait a minute, that is $1 out of $8. That is not a very good deal.  I think there are so many reports that talk about how devastating this is going to be to all of America but particularly those individuals, the elderly and poor people, because these are the ones who are spending a large portion of their spendable income on energy. It is very appropriate I think to say this is easily the largest income redistribution scheme since the income tax.  The New York Post:       The only thing that will cool is the United States economy.  Talking about this bill.       In effect, the bill would impose an average of more than      $80 billion in new energy taxes every year.  That is the New York Post, entitled ``Cap-&-Trade: Why It's Tax & Spend,'' of June 2.  Robert Samuelson:       . . . let's call it by its proper name: cap and tax.  George Will:       Speaking of endless troubles, ``cap-and-trade'' comes      cloaked in reassuring rhetoric about the government merely      creating a market, but the government would actually create a      scarcity so government could sell what it had made scarce.  This is a rather interesting thing. I recommend this. It was published in the Washington Post under ``Carbon's Power Brokers.''  Charles Krauthammer had several good editorials. He said:       There is no greater social power than the power to ration.      And other than rationing food, there is no greater instrument      of social control than rationing energy, the currency of just      about everything one does and uses in an advanced society.  That was Charles Krauthammer, ``Carbon Chastity,'' an editorial in the Washington Post on May 30.  There was a very good one, another from the Wall Street Journal that I have already quoted here. This is a different one than I quoted a minute ago. The Boxer climate tax bill:       . . . would impose the most extensive government      reorganization of the American economy since the 1930s.  Investors Business Daily--this is something in an op-ed piece, an editorial piece they had on May 29:       The bill essentially limits the amount of gasoline and      other fossil fuels Americans can use, as Klaus puts it--referring to the President of the Czech Republic--     in the name of the planet. A study by Charles River      Associates puts the cost (in terms of reduced household      spending per year) of Senate bill 2191--which is the Senate bill passed out of the committee     --at $800 to $1,300 per household by 2015, rising to $1500 to      $2,500 by 2050. Electricity prices could jump by 36 percent      to 65 percent by 2015 and 80 percent to 125 percent by 2050.  This was an editorial in Investors Business Daily.  It is interesting, I was noticing when Senator Bond from Missouri was making his very well-stated remarks, the study he had showed it would be closer to $6,000 a household. I do know in my State of Oklahoma and in the State of Texas, of all the States that will have the highest increase in taxes, it will amount to a minimum of $3,300 per family.  As I go around my State of Oklahoma--and I am back there every weekend; I am never here in Washington on weekends--I talk to people. They stop and think about what they do with $3,300 a year--it is not just a lot of them want to have another pickup truck or a bass boat or other things, but most of them are having real problems right now meeting expenses. This will be something they wouldn't want to have to try to endure.  We have had quite a few of the editorial writers around the country talking about it. Several have talked about the raising of gas prices and the effect that would have. I think we are all aware of that. I think probably the biggest issue should be the job-killer issue. The Independent Energy Information Administration says the bill would result in a 9.5-percent drop in manufacturing output, and even higher energy costs. The fact that it would grow Government--stop and think about it. This is interesting. The figure the other side uses, the promoters of the bill, is $6.7 trillion.  Then they say some of this is going to be going back into the economy. It comes down to about $4.2 trillion--$4.2 trillion, and one of the basic disagreements Senator Boxer had with the Senator from New Hampshire was that he wanted to return that to the taxpayers as opposed to having Government programs. It appears there will be, hopefully, not a majority--in fact I don't think there will be a majority of people in this body who are going to put themselves in a position where they say we want to have a $4.2 trillion increase in the bureaucracy.  If there is anything that does not need to be increased, it is the bureaucracy in America. It frightened me to think about what types of governmental agencies there are, what, 45 new entities and agencies that would be provided by this bill? Tomorrow we are going to parade before you some charts to show the various increases in the size of the bureaucracy. It is going to be something that will be frightening to most people.  However, there is a mentality of many people in the Senate--I respect every Member of the Senate--that somehow you must increase the size and the magnitude and the authority and the power of Government to make things happen. That is not the way our forefathers thought it would be.  I would suggest to you that we want to look at this increase in Government, $4.2 trillion over this period of time, as something that would be devastating to this country and its economy.  I see that my time has expired, and the remainder of the time will be used by my chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, the junior Senator from California.  