When I brought this up before, there were three objections. They were really absurd. It is almost laughable. One was, we will have to change all the State flags because some of them have other languages.  This has nothing to do with that. This merely says it is not an entitlement. It has nothing to do with State flags.  Another Member said: Inhofe, you will not be able to speak Spanish on the Senate floor. I have given several speeches in Spanish on the Senate floor. I will not go into why that is good. It has been very helpful. This has nothing to do with that.  Another said: You will have the blood of Hispanics on your hands.  I said: How is that going to happen?  They said: There are some strong currents down there in the Potomac, and we would not have ``no swimming'' signs in Spanish, so they wouldn't be able to read those. So they will go in there and drown.  If we look back historically, we see that many Presidents had things to say about this matter, dating all the way back to Theodore Roosevelt, and as recently as a statement by Hillary Clinton in her campaign in Iowa in 2007, less than a year ago, where she said: ``You're going to have to learn English.''  This one goes back to 1916:       Let us say to the immigrant not that we hope [they] will      learn English, but that [they have] to learn English.  Theodore Roosevelt was clear on this.  Bill Clinton said in 1999 in his State of the Union message:       We have a responsibility to make [our new immigrants]      welcome here, and they have the responsibility to enter the      mainstream of American life. That means learning English and      learning about our democratic system of government.  So everyone is in agreement. I don't know of anyone, nor any past President, who doesn't believe we are doing a great disservice by not helping our immigrants learn the English language.  We will continue to promote this bill until it passes into law. It should be one of the easiest of the 15 bills that are going to approach the problem of illegal immigrants. It is my intention to continue.  One of the interesting things about this is, there are 52 countries throughout the world who have English as their national language, including Ghana in West Africa. All of these countries have it except us.  The bill is very simple. I can tell in one sentence what it does:       Unless specifically provided by statute, no person has a      right, entitlement, or claim to have the Government of the      United States or any of its officials or representatives act,      communicate, perform or provide services, or provide      materials in any language other than English.  This is the law of some 52 countries around the world, almost everywhere except in the United States. It would save ultimately somewhere between $1 and $2 billion. And there are the other logical reasons for doing this. We will be pursuing this as 1 of the 15 efforts to have not a comprehensive bill, but to address the problem of illegal immigration. I look around and I see others who have good programs too.  The Senator from Arizona, Mr. Kyl, has one that would utilize electronic evidence for employers so employers don't find themselves breaking the law as would have been the case on the previous bill. There are others wanting to finish the bridge. We will have 15 bills that we will be introducing or we have already introduced. If we can get all 15, that would pretty much resolve the problem. But it does afford the opportunity for any Member of this body to object to any area of interest in terms of these 15 bills.  I yield the floor.  