But let me make a couple comments, since I would not have time to do that.  First of all, I believe strongly that something wonderful happened last Friday. We have been fighting this battle for so long. People have been saying manmade gases--anthropogenic gases, CO2, and methane--were the major causes of climate change. I have to say, I believed that back 7 years ago, when I became chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee. At that time we found out how much it would cost if we were to ratify the Kyoto treaty and live by its requirements. Fortunately, that amount we did not ratify.  As time went by, I noticed in 2005 we had the McCain-Lieberman bill, also a cap-and-trade bill, which also tried to pin the problem on manmade gases--CO2. I remember standing down here on the floor and some of the proponents of the bill were down here. In 5 days, only two Republicans from the Senate came down and joined me in this fight. It was lonely for 5 days. We explained to people, No. 1, the science wasn't there; and, No. 2, the cost to the average American would be comparable to a $330 billion tax increase.  Then I went back and looked at the tax increase of 1993. It was called the Clinton-Gore tax increase that was, at that time, the largest tax increase in the last 20 years. That was only $32 billion, so this would have been 10 times greater than that tax increase.  Then of course we came up with the bill in 2005. After 5 days we defeated it, but only two Republicans came down and joined me. I am so gratified that last week when we defeated the Lieberman-Warner bill, 25 Members came down and showed that they were not afraid to stand and tell the truth about the causes of global warming--the accusation of global warming, because global warming has not been taking place now since 2001. It never took place in the southern hemisphere. Last time I checked, that was part of the globe.  The problem was that no one would come down, but last week they came down, 25, and we defeated it. That would not have been comparable to an annual tax increase or cost to the public of $330 billion, as the Kyoto treaty would have, it would have been some $471 billion--a huge tax increase. But we did in our wisdom reject that. I feel very good about that.  There is something that has not been said that I think is necessary to talk about and that is we knew this was coming. The Senator from Nevada, Senator Ensign, talked about President Clinton's veto of the ANWR opening, the bill that was in December of 1995. What he didn't say was that we had voted in both October and November of 1995. The Senate voted to implement a competitive leasing program for oil and gas exploration and the development and production within the coastal plain of ANWR. That was actually passed. It was passed again on November 17, 1995. I will always remember that date because that is my birthday. It was voted on. Then of course a month later the President vetoed it.  Right down on party lines, in both November and in October of 1995, the Democrats voted against it, the Republicans all voted for it. Republicans want to increase the supply of energy in America. Those were three votes that show it. Again, in 2005--fast forward 10 more years: on March 16, 2005, the Senate voted on an amendment to the budget to strike expanding exploration on ANWR. The amendment to strike failed, 49 to 51. All the Republicans voted for the exploration, all Democrats voted against it.  Again, on November 3, 2005, 7 or 8 months later, the Senate voted on an amendment to prohibit oil and gas leasing on the coastal plain. The amendment failed 48 to 51; 48 Republicans voted against it and 40 Democrats voted for it.  June 2007--2 years later--the Senate voted on the Gas Price Act as an amendment. That was mine. You could have all the exploration you want, all the oil and gas you want, but if you cannot refine it, you are not going to be able to use it, so the Gas Price Act, I thought, was pretty ingenious. What we did was take those ailing communities that were adjacent to military communities, military bases that had been shut down by the BRAC process, the Base Realignment and Closing process, and would allow them to change that vacated area into refineries. It would save a lot of money because the Federal Government wouldn't have to clean them up to the standards of playgrounds; they could just be to the standards of refineries. It also provided that the Economic Development Administration would provide grants so people would be able to start up refineries. It was killed right down party lines. Again that was 2007.  Then in 2008, May 13 of 2008, the Senate voted on an amendment to expand exploration in ANWR and to authorize drilling in offshore coastal waters. Again, it failed down party lines. I could go on.  The next one I had was 2 days after that the Senate voted on a motion to instruct the budget conferees concerning increased exploration on the Outer Continental Shelf.  What I am saying is this: The first thing we learn when we go to school is that at least American symbols are very strong. They help us to understand that supply and demand is still alive and well in this country. It still means something. If we do not expand the supply of energy in America, then the price is not going to go down, it is going to go up. That is exactly what the Democrats have done by refusing to let us explore for oil and gas as well as nuclear, clean coal technology, and the other forms we need to use.  When it gets down to it, we know the cause of it. We know also we do not want to use the Energy bill. I am very glad the Democrats' energy bill--which didn't have any energy in it, zero, none--went down. Now we want an opportunity to introduce an amendment we have that does allow us to increase the availability and the amount of energy in America--either oil and gas, nuclear, or clean coal technology, and all the rest, wind, and all the renewables also. We need to do that. It is a simple thing. We need to quit blaming each other. We know how we got to this position. Now we need to change our behavioral pattern.  Americans right now realize--gas is $4 a gallon. I can assure you--I am not sure how it is in California and other States--in Oklahoma that is the No. 1 issue. In Oklahoma they understand supply and demand. We need to understand it in this Chamber too.  I yield the floor.  