President, will you please let me know when 6\1/2\ minutes has expired.  Mr. President, it is somewhat humorous to listen to the class warfare that has been coming from the other side of the aisle talking about trying to explain to the American people that supply and demand does not work. It is interesting that the other day, there was an editorial in the Washington Post saying even Congress can't repeal the law of supply and demand. Supply and demand does work, and it is a tough job to try to explain to people and it is going to be very difficult to explain to people who are buying gas at the pumps why increasing supply is not going to bring down the price.  Let me clarify one point. It is always easier to find someone to blame for a quick fix. On this speculation bill, none of the people who are really well informed on this issue believe that would have anything to do--anything to do--with the price of gas at the pumps. Walter Williams, an economist at George Mason University, said:       Congressional attacks on speculation do not alter the oil      market's fundamental supply and demand conditions.  He goes on to say it wouldn't lower it at all.  We have the International Energy Agency saying:       Blaming speculation is an easy solution which avoids taking      the necessary steps to improve supply of oil and gas.  That is what it is all about, it is supply and demand. There is not a person in America who has a high school education who has not already studied the law of supply and demand, and they know, in fact, it does work.  I came down really to talk about something about which I am proud, and that is what T. Boone Pickens is doing right now. He is saying we have to continue to drill, drill, drill everywhere we can--offshore, ANWR, into the shales--do everything we can to produce and increase the supply. But in the meantime, let's try to do something that has a more immediate effect, and that has to do with compressed natural gas.  Let me state to you, Mr. President, that I have introduced a bill that will allow us to use compressed natural gas for automobile use. It simply does three things.  We now have a tax credit for alternative fuels, and we want to add biofuels to that. One of the problems we have currently, if you have a car that has been converted to natural gas, to compressed natural gas, it is not readily available all over. There is a machine you can get now which you hook up at nighttime which will compress it overnight and you can use it. A lot of people don't have that machine. There are some places you cannot buy it. So biofuels vehicles should have the same tax credit as the alternative-fuel vehicles have. If we can do that, then that is going to allow people to have an engine to run on regular gasoline or on compressed natural gas.  The second thing we need to do is to have the mandatory renewable fuels standard include natural gas. If it does that, that is going to be another great advantage.  The third thing is, I was talking to a man named Tom Sewell in Tulsa. He is the one who I believe invented the machine you can hook up to your gas line and compress the gas for use in automobiles. He said one of the major problems is, when you go to convert your car, you have EPA requirements that are the same--if you have one engine that would be in three different manufactured automobiles, such as General Motors, Chrysler, and Ford, and some others, they have to get the same certification for that engine from each source. Certification is around $80,000. If we can pass this legislation, this will knock down the additional cost of converting your car by about $2,000 for each one.  I think this is something that has to be in the mix. I agree with T. Boone Pickens when he says there are some things we can do that would be effective, but in the meantime we have to take the natural gas we are using for other sources and replace it with--he is saying wind energy. I don't care what you replace it with, but let's use that so we can have compressed natural gas or liquefied natural gas. All these buses around Washington, DC, say ``This bus is running on clean natural gas.'' That is liquefied natural gas. Those technologies are here. You don't have to wait.  To answer the previous speaker--he spent 30 minutes trying to explain to people that supply and demand does not work--just look at this and realize that if we were able to open the Outer Continental Shelf, 14 billion barrels; ANWR, 10 million barrels; Rocky Mountain oil shale, which is the big reserve out there, 2 trillion barrels--right now Democrats have a moratorium, so we cannot go to those areas. They are trying to do the same thing with the Canadian oil sands. They already put a prohibition on using that for defense purposes. There are 179 billion barrels out there. This is what we can use. If we should open this, the market would immediately respond. All the smart people say they know that would happen because they know that help would be on its way.  Some of this we don't have to wait 10 years or 15 years for, as the previous speaker wants you to believe, because it can happen in 2 years or 3 years. In the meantime, the market will respond. People who say it would have taken 10 years for ANWR, if you remember back when President Clinton vetoed the bill that would have allowed us to drill in ANWR as well as offshore--that was 1995--we would have all of that. The next speaker from Alaska will tell you that would be coming down through the pipeline today, more than what we are importing now, not just from Saudi Arabia but all the Middle Eastern countries and Venezuela combined.  Supply and demand still works. It is still out there, it is still alive and well, and Republicans want very much to increase the supply. There it is, right there. It is something we can do. All we need is to have 10 Democrats join us, and we will be able to increase the supply of oil and gas in America.  I yield the floor.  