First of all, I wish to talk about the technical corrections bill that is going to be voted on in about 15 minutes--not the bill but the motion to proceed to the bill.  The Transportation bill that we are involved in, that Senator Boxer and I were involved in back in 2005, that we passed August 10 of 2005, authorized $286 billion in transportation and infrastructure spending for fiscal years 2005 through 2009.  Now, let me say that as a conservative standing here, that is a hugenumber. I think that may have been the largest nondefense spending bill at the time up to that time. But it is interesting that if we spend all of that, it is not going to even maintain what we have today.  That is why we put into the bill a committee to look into new ways of funding infrastructure, new ways of funding transportation. We have been doing it the same way since President Eisenhower, and it is time we tried something different.  I think there is a resistance to continuing to increase taxes as the only way of funding our infrastructure. Included in the bill are recommended technical changes from the Department of Transportation that address functional problems in implementing the bill, technical changes to safety products which will continue to be delayed from breaking ground due to simple drafting errors and descriptions.  Furthermore, universities and other transportation research entities will not receive their fully intended funding, and the States will be unable to use millions of dollars in transportation funds that were authorized 3 years ago.  Something that is interesting, the bill does not increase the overall size of SAFETEA. I have heard a lot of people say: Well, this is a big spending bill. First of all, it is not a spending bill, it is an authorizing bill. But the technical corrections are also an authorization.  Now, it is my understanding, and I believe it is true, that the total amount of authorization that was in the bill itself is not changed by the technical corrections bill.  A lot of people are implying it is. I do not believe it is. We have had staff and ourselves looking at it. It may change some of the priorities in the authorization, but the overall figure, the top line, is going to be the same.  Several of my colleagues have approached me recently with additional project fixes. In some cases, I have had to say no to their requests because they either submitted them too late to be considered in our negotiations with the House--the request went beyond the scope of a technical fix--or because the proposed fix was to a House project which the House objected to. Let's keep in mind, we have two Houses working on this. We have the Senate and the House of Representatives. This is a difficult type of legislation to get passed. But one thing you can't do is start making changes and anticipate that the House is going to go along with those changes, because I can tell my colleagues, they will not do it. Our House colleagues have passed this bill several times, but each time it comes over to the Senate it has been held up.  The bill before us, along with the manager's substitute amendment, is the commutation of negotiations between the House and the Senate. Any changes to the bill at this point will require the concurrence of the House or the bill will not proceed. Therefore, I ask my colleagues to understand that if they are planning on filing an amendment before the chairman and I can agree to it, we need to determine if our counterparts in the House would find it to be agreeable. I suggest they probably will not.  I heard about an hour ago, when I arrived in Washington, that it might be that the administration could have some objections. I am having a hard time understanding how that could be. First, they supported the bill. They signed the bill when it first passed in August of 2005. Technical corrections is a common thing. It does not have a net increase in authorizations. I can't see why it would be. I understand there would be one provision having to do with rapid transit that would not be in our committee. It was not in the committee chaired by Senator Boxer and formerly chaired by me. It is in the Banking Committee. So we want to look at that. If that is the objection, I certainly believe we can talk to the administration and keep them from opposing it.  We have some amendments that have been discussed. I have not been here long enough to find out this week if people are going to come forward with their amendments. My junior Senator, Mr. Coburn, makes a very good point on a project down in Florida called Coconut Road, that there have been some problems. Apparently, all those have been corrected. The only thing I wish to talk to my junior Senator about is if he wants to examine this, investigate this, that is a good idea. It is already being done. However, we have enough committees and commissions around this place, thousands of them. I am not sure we need another one. That is something we might want to debate. I know Senator Bond has an amendment that he has discussed. I look forward to visiting with him. Any of these amendments, yes, we want to talk about them. But keep in mind, we do have this commitment that we have a technical corrections bill that has to pass or we cannot implement those provisions that otherwise are going to allow us to correct some of the problems we have.  Again, here I am, a conservative, saying this is not adequate, what we have done today. We have another one that should be coming up next year. Hopefully, it will. Sometimes it doesn't happen like it should. But in the meantime, I want that committee that is supposed to be examining the way we have historically funded roads and highways and infrastructure to come up with some ideas. There are experiments in different States right now. But we will have to recognize the fact that this country has got to have infrastructure for it to survive.  In conclusion, I assure my colleagues that I appreciate their responsiveness to our numerous requests to advise the committee of their requests, thereby assisting us to help them. If we were unable to satisfactorily address their concerns in this bill, there will be additional opportunities do so when we reauthorize SAFETEA, and that reauthorization should be under way next year.  With that, I hope those who object to this will at least let us proceed to this bill. Then we can look at it and see if there are any of the amendments that we feel would not violate the agreement between the Senate and House and would have the effect of killing the whole bill.  I yield the floor.  