President, I know we are all under confined time. I have a lot more to say than time will allow. I just listened to these remarks, and I wonder, why do people think the American people are so dumb they don't understand supply and demand?  A couple weeks ago--and no one can ever accuse the Washington Post of being partial to conservatives or Republicans, but they came out with an editorial, and they said: Why do Members of Congress think they can repeal the law of supply and demand? You can say it all you want, but we have to have more supply.  Ever since the 1995 veto of the bill that would allow us to go offshore to increase our supply, go to ANWR, go to oil shale, the Democrats have voted against increasing supply since that time. That was the middle nineties, and now we are paying for it. I can remember coming to the floor of the Senate back then when President Clinton vetoed the bill that would allow us to increase our supply and saying the day is coming when we are going to be sorry we did this.  I am very proud that the other day President Bush called for action by Congress in four areas. One is the Outer Continental Shelf, about which we have been talking. The others are ANWR and America's oil shale.  To give an idea of the capacity, this is called supply. We know what our demand is; everyone is demanding. This is supply. We called for it. We can have all the supply in the world, but if we don't have the refining capacity, we are not going to be able to use it.  We had the Gas Price Act. I thought that was one that would offset any kind of objection to the idea that we should be refining in this country. It was using some of these closed military places, along with EDA grants, to allow them to have refineries in America. We don't have the refining capacity in America, and we need to have it. We need to have the supply, and we need to have the capacity to refine the oil.  Polling--and I think the Democrats should be looking at this--is not where it used to be. The recent polling data from Rasmussen showed that 67 percent of the voters support offshore drilling. Only 18 percent oppose it. The same poll also found that 64 percent believe that if offshore drilling is allowed, gas prices will go down. And they will. There have been several editorials which we have made part of the Record which have shown the market response when things such as this happen. When we open capacity, the market will respond.  Another poll found that 81 percent of Americans support greater use of domestic energy resources. By a margin of more than four to one, Americans surveyed supported the United States tapping into its own domestic energy reserves. We are the only country in the world that does not tap our own reserves.  With regard to offshore, I listened to the arguments, which are really kind of ludicrous. When you stop and realize that offshore we have the capacity of 14 billion new barrels, and people come down and say--I heard the assistant majority leader say a few minutes ago that there are 68 million acres out there that are not being explored, not being produced, not being drilled at this time. There is a very good reason for that--because there is no oil on them. Oil isn't everywhere, but where you know it is, you need to go after it. So 85 percent of the land where there is an opportunity to bring oil in, the Democrats won't let us explore it. It is something I think the American people understand and understand very clearly.  ANWR is another area. It contains 10 billion barrels--back at the time President Clinton vetoed the bill--that would be coming through the pipeline today in resolving these problems we have.  Rocky Mountain oil shale--that is the big one. That is the one that has 2 trillion barrels. Right now, they cannot go after them, they cannot continue technology, they cannot explore for that, they cannot produce it because the Democrats have a moratorium. Yet, if you go to the States where this is located--Colorado, Utah, the Western States--they all want to do it. It would be great for the economy, it would be great for America, and it would not take any time at all to get this done.  Imports. Opening the Nation's access to reserves on the Outer Continental Shelf, ANWR and oil shale would cut our Nation's trade deficit in half. We have recently been watching T. Boone Pickens, and we should listen to him. He talks about some things we can do with wind energy, but he talks about natural gas, and that is a partial solution to the problem. I have a bill that would allow compressed natural gas to be fully utilized. Right now, there are some obstacles with the EPA and others, but I agree with T. Boone Pickens; that if we pass this bill, we will be able to utilize that. As he said, we need to continue to produce, continue to explore, because we cannot run the greatest machine in the history of mankind on solar and wind power right now. We hope that day comes, but it is not here.  We could cut our trade deficit nearly in half. According to the Energy Information Administration, the United States spent more than $327 billion to import oil in 2007. That is roughly half of the $711 billion trade deficit we had last year. So not only will we get cheaper gas for Americans at the pump merely by increasing capacity, increasing the supply that is out there, but we also would do some great things in terms of our trade deficit situation.  Why should producing America's own resources be a partisan issue? It shouldn't. But the Democrats in Congress refuse to increase the supply of energy, and the gas prices keep rising. We have seen recently that all we have to do is open that and the markets will immediately respond. I feel this is going to happen. I cannot imagine that the polling is going to get much more favorable than it is today.  There is one State--I won't mention which State it is because it is considered to be pretty much a liberal State--that 3 years ago, only 28 percent of the people in that State wanted to drill offshore and in ANWR. Today, it is 68 percent. It doesn't get much better than that.  I suggest, Mr. President, we get the Democrats to join us, increase the supply and resolve the problem, the energy crisis we have right now. The No. 1 problem in America--talk with my wife, talk to any State, they will tell you the No. 1 problem is the price of gas at the pumps. We can solve it with greater supply.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Webb). The Senator from New Hampshire.  