President, but I would also like to be included in that particular order just given.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tester). Without objection, it is so ordered.  The Senator from South Carolina.  Mr. DeMINT. Mr. President, I would like to address the issue of this highway bill and the charge that it has been held by me and a few others. The fact is, this $8 billion highway trust fund bailout has not been held up. The only request was that it come to the floor with some debate and the opportunity for amendment, which is the normal Senate process. The request was that this $8 billion be passed in secret essentially with no vote and no debate. Our only request as Senators was that we have a chance to bring to light why this happened.  A few years from now--maybe even a few months--many of my colleagues are going to wake up and look at our Nation's finances and wonder how we got in this mess. We are running this country into the ground, and we are actually on the verge of an economic crisis because of incredible overspending and a huge growing debt. One bill after another comes up, and we pass it almost without thinking and spend more and more borrowed money.  Today's votes are creating tomorrow's fiscal disaster. This $8 billion highway trust fund bailout is only one example among many I would like to mention over the next few minutes.  During the previous year, the Democratic-controlled Congress has produced a parade of fiscally irresponsible bills that have mortgaged our Nation's future and could ultimately bankrupt the Nation and harm the future for our children and grandchildren. If we look at the 2008 appropriations bills, at the end of 2007 Congress passed a bloated budget bill. Supposedly, they were going to get things under control, but this exploded with over 10,000 earmarks. On top of that, there were a number of budget tricks and gimmicks that hid at least $14 billion of extra spending.  Not too long after, we brought up the farm bill. This was reauthorizing an antiquated farm program that cost taxpayers billions and increased costs to consumers all across the country. This was a $600 billion bill over 10 years. It was all borrowed money. We don't have this money to spend. Yet we continue to spend it. It included numerous wasteful, unnecessary earmarks that had nothing to do with a solid farm bill. Just a few examples would be $257 million in tax earmarks for Plum Creek Timber Company. This is the Nation's largest private landowner, a multibillion-dollar company with over $7 billion in capitalization. Yet we believed we needed to give them $257 million.  The language in the farm bill also requires the Forest Service to sell portions of a certain mountain to a ski resort and over $1 million to the national sheep and goat industry--all worthy causes, I am sure, but not worthy of more borrowed money and more debt on the future of Americans.  The so-called stimulus package, over $100 billion was supposed to help solve our problems. Certainly, it didn't. We sent checks to all Americans but did little to fix the problem. Over $100 billion more in borrowed money that we didn't have, just sending checks to people to build up our political clout rather than do something for the country.  We need to have a predictable Tax Code, lower our corporate tax rate, make the current tax rates permanent so businesses and investors know what their tax rate will be in the future. But we don't debate that. We just send out checks with borrowed money.  Everyone knows more and more about the housing bill. The housing bill bailed out mortgage companies that had made bad loans and ultimately included a section that allowed the U.S. Government to essentially nationalize the mortgage industry. As part of that bill, we created a $4 billion deficit spending slush fund for community development block grants and millions that went to a very suspect group, the ACORN group. That seems to be more of a political group to get out the vote for some of our colleagues.  Now, we know we have taken over these two large companies of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Now the taxpayers are on the hook for what could be hundreds of billions of dollars because of the lack of congressional oversight over the last several years. As part of that bill, I had asked for one amendment that would stop the lobbying and the contributions to Congress by these two corporations that we are now bailing out. But instead of giving me that amendment, the majority leader kept the Senate here until Saturday to avoid that one vote that would have done what all of us know needs to be done and stopped the political influence from these companies for which we are supposed to be providing oversight.  Today we are talking about $8 billion that we are going to borrow and put in the highway trust fund. Supposedly back in the late 1990s, $8 billion was taken as part of an agreement to set up a separate trust fund. I will take them at their word for that. But we have had numerous opportunities this year to save more than that amount of money, if we knew we needed it. Frankly, the Department of Transportation says we probably only need about half of that right now. Yet we are going to take $8 billion from the general fund, borrow it, and put it in the trust fund.  Highway infrastructure is one of the most important things we can do as a Nation.  But much of this bill is not about roads and bridges. It is numerous, wasteful earmarks that I am afraid could end up as part of this $8 billion. The current bill includes $45 million for a magnetic levitation train project in Las Vegas; $2.5 million for landscaping enhancements along a freeway; $3.3 million for a bike trail in Laredo, TX. This list could go on page after page. These are not priority projects. They do not deserve us going into more debt as a nation to borrow this money.  We have had numerous opportunities to cut these projects so that the highway trust fund would not go broke. Only a few months ago, we had a transportation technical corrections bill. We had almost a billion dollars of projectsthat were no longer needed or wanted by the States. Yet, instead of saving that $1 billion, we added back essentially the same amount of new projects.  Now we are here at the trough again, and we have a crisis, and we will put a lot of people out of work if we do not produce this bill. That is why we have agreed to forgo the opportunity to offer amendments, even though we should not pass an $8 billion bill without the opportunity to debate it in more detail.  I wish to remind my colleagues, we do not have this $8 billion. It is borrowed money, and we are going to move it from one account to another, and borrow it from who knows where--China or somewhere else--because we do not have that money. But there are numerous problems with this, and we need to recognize that the earmarks, the wasteful earmarks, are taking priority national projects and putting them places they do not need to be. Our lack of an energy policy in this Nation that has run up the cost of gasoline has restricted the ability of Americans to travel, and that in itself has reduced the revenues to the trust fund. So we have caused this problem ourselves by congressional mismanagement, and now we want the taxpayers to bail us out again.  Again, this is a bill I think we need as far as funding projects. But the way it is done, and the fact that it is done with no more accountability on earmarks and the things that have caused the problems, makes it very difficult to support the bill, even though I see long-term highway funding being one of the most important things we can do.  I hope the chairman and ranking member of the committee will consider next year, as we go into reauthorizing a highway program, the fact that the Federal Government should no longer be involved in non-Federal projects around the country. We have an opportunity to devolve this program to the States, where the money would stay at home and be used for real priorities, not for things I decide or another colleague decides they want for somebody back home where the State does not necessarily want it to go.  Obviously, we have talked a lot about the ``bridge to nowhere'' and other projects such as that across the country. But I hope I will get the support of my colleagues to move this back to the States, give them the ability to manage their own programs over the years, and stop this wasteful spending at the Federal level.  Again, there are a number of amendments we would have liked to have had the opportunity to offer, and I wish to warn my colleagues, the pattern that is developing here is that we are passing bills by unanimous consent, with no debate, no amendments. This goes on bill after bill. We are passing very bad legislation with very little accountability to the American people.  But I appreciate the passion of Senator Inhofe and others who know we need to push this through, and it is not fair to the States or to the workers to blindside them with shortfalls as we have. But the shortfalls are of our own doing, and it is because of our own waste and incompetence here in Congress that we have ended up with this problem and more debt on the American people. I hope next year we will go about doing it in a much better way than we have done in the past.  With that, Mr. President, I yield back.  