We said we are going to go ahead and we will not talk about the science because the science is not in this bill. What we are going to talk about is the economics of this bill. That is what we have done. I have also said that if anyone wants to talk about science--I used the example of Vice President Gore's own scientist who said what a small, immeasurable impact it would be if we were to sign on to the Kyoto treaty which is cap and trade, very similar to what we are talking about today.  Then, in 2005, we went through the same thing with the McCain-Lieberman bill. That bill, I have to say to my good friend from Connecticut, was not nearly as bad as the Kyoto Treaty and far better than this bill today because the price tag on that was less than the Kyoto Treaty. The Kyoto Treaty would have been in the range of between $300 and $330 billion. That amount of money was a huge, very high amount. But the bill that came along in 2005 was the bill by McCain and Lieberman which is far less than that. Now, this is the one that is the big one. The range here in terms of the cost is about 20 percent, 25 percent higher than Kyoto would have been at that time.  We started talking about gas prices and the fact that the nuclear component is going to have to be necessary. But what we did not really get around to--and I think we need to do it over and over again in the next few days, until such time as we get onto the amendments--is the fact that the amount of money this is going to cost over a period of time, according to Senator Boxer in one of her early press releases, is $6.7 trillion. This would be in the form of higher gasoline or electric bills. A lot of people will make the statement that this really is not an accurate figure. Well, this is not my figure, this is her figure.  They have also said the bill provides that some of this money can be--or the amended bill, which we have not seen all that long a time, provides that some of this money can go back to poorer families. That amount in the maximum, as I calculate it, is $2.5 trillion, which leaves $4.2 trillion.  Now, you might wonder, what is all this going to go to? I found it very interesting, when the junior Senator from California was complimenting the senior Senator from New Hampshire, when Senator Gregg said: Well, we are in somewhat agreement, she said: The difference is, he wants to return that money to the people, that $4.2 trillion, instead of supporting this bureaucracy.  Well, as to the bureaucracy, we think it is going to be about 45 new bureaucracies, and it is going to take, over the 50-year life of this bill, I would suspect, right around $4.2 trillion to run that bureaucracy. I would conclude, though, by saying this country does not need 45 more bureaucracies.  