But my junior Senator was talking, and I am so impressed with some of the things he has shared with us today. He is being too kind in one area, though.  Sooner or later we have to say who is at fault in terms of the increase. While he is right, it is us, I have and I would invite anyone to go to my Web site or go to the Environment and Public Works Committee Web site--it is epw.senate.gov--in there I have listed all the bills, I say to my good junior Senator from Oklahoma, that have come up since 1995 where we have tried to expand the supply of oil and gas in America, even the bills when we were a majority, when the Republicans were a majority.  In October of 1995, we voted to implement a competitive leasing program for oil and gas exploration. That was within the coastal plain of ANWR, as well as offshore. It passed 52 to 47. Of that vote, 52 were Republicans, 46 were Democrats--right down party lines. Then, the very next month, on November 17--I remember that because that was my birthday--the Senate voted on a motion to adopt a conference report on the same thing--for a competitive leasing program for oil and gas exploration--and again it passed by almost the same margin. All the Republicans voted for it. All the Democrats voted against it.  Now, those two bills were up there. And, of course, what happened? The President at that time, Bill Clinton, vetoed those bills.  I could go from there all the way up to the present day.  In March of 2005, the Senate voted on an amendment to allow us to vote on ANWR--right down party lines: every Democrat opposed it; every Republicansupported it. On November 3, 2005, the same thing happened.  In June of 2007, the same thing happened. That was a better one, actually. That was the Gas Price Act. The Gas Price Act I am particularly fond of because that was mine. We could have all the oil and gas production in the world that we need to bring down the price of gas, but if we cannot refine it, we are not going to be able to use it. So as to refineries, right down party lines, the Democrats opposed any new refineries in America.  This one was more difficult to oppose because I think most people who are understanding of what happens during a BRAC process--that means Base Realignment and Closing Commission--when that happens, the communities close by a major military installation that is closed suffer economically, greatly.  What this would do is take those closed, BRACed out, military bases and turn them into refineries. That saves millions of dollars of Government money because otherwise they have to be cleaned up to playground standards. You do not have to do that if there is going to be a refinery on it. So it is something everybody wanted.  We arranged for EDA grants for communities to apply for to attract refineries. We could have had a refinery in every area of America where we closed military bases. But it was killed. On June 13, 2007, it was killed--right down party lines. It was 43 to 52. Of that, 43 Republicans voted for it; 48 Democrats voted against it.  In 2008, we had a similar vote on ANWR. The same thing happened; then again on May 15 of this year.  I am saying this only to correct that one thing my junior Senator said, in that he was right, it is our fault, but this is strictly partisan. I think people are going to have to realize that. Until people realize that, the same thing is going to happen. Until people write in, and the imagination is captured of the American people, and they understand what is causing the high price at the pumps--it is a very simple concept. As many have said, you should learn this concept in econ 101; that is, supply and demand--if you decrease the supply, the price does not go down; it goes up. What they are trying to do with the Energy bill to decrease the supply would cause the same thing.  That is not why I came to the floor. I am glad to join with my junior Senator and talk a few minutes about what he said about the science behind this thing. This whole thing started back when they were trying to pass Kyoto. Like a lot of the cruddy things that happen in this country, it started with the United Nations.  The IPCC, the National Academy of Sciences--these people are policymakers, not scientists--came out and said the science is here, the science is settled, the science is settled, the science is settled; and they kept saying it louder and louder, and they were backed up by a very liberal media. So the people actually believed the science was settled. But the fact is, the science was not settled.  My junior Senator, Mr. Coburn, is right because time and time again, we talked about the medieval warm period. We talked about the cooling periods. Let's keep in mind that the climate has always changed in this country. God is still up there, and we are going to have these changes. They have taken place.  The interesting thing right now is, as scientists will tell you, it has been cooling ever since 2001. Also, another interesting thing is, they talk about global warming, when, in fact, all during the 1990s, supposedly it was getting warmer, the southern hemisphere was getting cooler. The Antarctic was getting cooler. The last time I checked, the southern hemisphere was part of the globe. So we did not have global warming.  Now all these people who were saying that was true--and I think probably the best example I used to use--it has been a while since I have used it--is when Al Gore was the Vice President of the United States and he decided to try to build a case whereby we would be ratifying the Kyoto treaty. So he hired a guy named Tom Wigley, a top scientist in America, to put together a study. This is the charge he gave him. He said: Let's assume that every developed nation--not developing; not China, not Mexico, not India--every developed nation signed on to and ratified the Kyoto treaty and lived by its emission standards, which they would not. Look at western Europe; 15 countries signed on to it, and only 2 of the 15 have met the emission requirements. But let's assume that is true, that they all do. How much, then, I say to you, Dr. Wigley, would this reduce the temperature after 50 years? His result was this: If all developed nations joined in and ratified the Kyoto Treaty and lived by the emission requirements, it would lower the temperatures by seven one-hundredths of 1 degree--not even measurable. So we go through all this economic pain.  I have never been as proud, I don't believe, of the Senate as I was last week because when I compare what happened in 2005 when they had the McCain-Lieberman bill, a very similar bill--not nearly as bad as this bill but a similar bill; it was cap and trade, the concept was the same--I was down here on this floor standing at this podium for 5 consecutive days. I was the only one willing to voice the opposition. We had a total of two Senators to come down in 5 days to give me support. However, last week, in only 3 days, 25 Senators came down.  It shows that this huge financial power base that is over there in the far left environmentalist community--I am talking about the George Soreses and the Michael Moores and the various other groups that are out there in California; I call them the Hollywood elitists--those individuals have all the money that they dump into all of these campaigns. We were willing to take them on, and we won. The most votes Senator Boxer had with this change that took place in 2006--it is supposed to be a much more liberal Senate, and it is--she could only get 44 votes, not a majority of 51, certainly not the 60 votes that were necessary but only 44. I was just really pleased at that, in the fact that people are waking up. People recognize science is mixed. Some people say the science is real, some say it is not, but one thing that is not confused is the amount of money it would cost.  We talked about this bill that we defeated--hopefully we didn't defeat it. I hope it comes up so we can debate it longer. Let me make this message right now to the Senate majority leader, Senator Reid: I want you to bring this back to the floor so that we can talk about it more and more and more and talk about the fact that this is a $6.7 trillion tax increase. Senator Boxer would argue that, no, this has a built-in system whereby poor people are getting some money back. When you analyze the bill, that amount comes to $800 billion. In other words, if we raise the taxes on the American people, for every $8 we raise the taxes, we are going to give them back $1. That is not a very good deal, but that is in this bill; to make us less competitive and less able to be reliant upon our own reserves--huge reserves that we have out there, that we could become energy independent overnight, that we were going exactly the wrong way.  I saw a couple of editorials such as the Wall Street Journal which said that with gasoline selling at $4 a gallon, the Democrats picked the worst possible time to bring up cap and trade. The issue is starting to feel like the Hillary health care plan.  Anyway, I would even argue with some of the people who put in an analysis as to how much that bill we defeated last week would have increased the price of gas at the pump. They say 53 cents a gallon. However, that 53 cents a gallon is predicated--  