 That has nothing to do with scientists. We talked about 2,000 scientists. We have a list of 30,000 scientists who said: Yes, there can be a relationship between CO2 and a warming condition, but it is not major.  Let me use an example. This is the best example because it comes from someone we all love dearly, former Vice President Al Gore. Former Vice President Al Gore wanted to explain to us how serious it was way back when he was Vice President. This is in the middle 1990s. He said he hired a scientist. The scientist's name was Tom Wiggly. Tom Wiggly was a well-known scientist, one who was supposed to know what he was talking about. He was the choice of Vice President Al Gore.  When he did this, the Vice President said: Do a study and tell us what would happen, how much cooling would take place if all of the nations who were developed nations--not developing nations, not China, not India, not Mexico--just the developed nations were all to sign onto the Kyoto Treaty and live by the emissions requirements. How much would that reduce the temperature in 50 years?  Do you know what the answer was? Do you remember that? You remember that. It was seven one-hundreths of 1 degree Celsius. That is not even measurable.  Of course, that is not Senator Jim Inhofe; that was Vice President Al Gore. Al Gore has done his movie. Almost everything in his movie--in fact, everything has been refuted. Interestingly enough, the IPCC--on sea levels and other scare tactics used in that science fiction movie, it has been totally refuted, and refuted many times, by the IPCC.  On the conversation we have been having on gas prices, if you look at different studies--you don't want to believe studies. Look at some of the government studies. They have a responsibility to come out with something that is realistic. If you do not want to do that, just use logic. If you are to pass a bill that has a cap on the supply of oil and gas in this country, and that cap goes into effect, by mere supply and demand the price is going to go up. It has to go up. So the EPA estimates that this bill, the Lieberman-Warner bill, will increase fuel costs an additional 53 cents per gallon, and by $1.40 by 2050.  The Energy Information Agency weighed in on the same thing and estimated gas prices will increase anywhere from 41 cents a gallon to $1 a gallon by 2030. While the climate bill's proponents, as we heard just a few minutes ago from the distinguished junior Senator from California, argued that this shows the gas price numbers going up by only 2 cents a year, that is assuming we have 2\1/2\ times the nuclear plants we have today. That is all written in this report. Right now we have approximately 104. That would be 260 nuclear plants.  