President, first of all, let me comment that these things do not come without a cost. I am putting up some things that will happen in the State of Vermont. But I would also say this: It is so tempting to debate when he talks about the science here because the science is not settled.  But I stated--and I do not think the Senator from Vermont was on the floor when I opened the discussion yesterday, I guess it was--that for the purpose of this bill, so that there will not be Members coming down who do not want to talk about the bill and instead want to talk about the science, I said as far as the bill is concerned, let's assume the science is there so we do not have to put that on the table and use up the time. So that is what we have been doing. I hope we will be able to continue to do that. However, tomorrow, after the locked-in vote on the budget, I believe we are going to be going, hopefully, to some of theseamendments which I think are very significant.  Now, I had by unanimous consent asked to have, I think, locked in 30 minutes. I do not need that much time. I would like to repeat a couple of things.  I understand Senator Enzi is coming back to the floor. One of the things I think he stated earlier when he was speaking was something that somehow people have forgotten; that is, there can be no debate over whether jobs are going to be lost. Jobs have to be lost because we are talking about putting a cap on oil and gas, putting a cap on our energy supply. We are talking about doing what we can to reduce coal. There is no nuclear provision in this bill. So we are going to have a cutback in the ability to run this great machine we call America.  So what happens to manufacturing jobs in the State of Ohio and other States? They go south. Most of them will go probably to China, some down to Mexico. But already we have seen a huge migration of jobs, manufacturing jobs, and the estimate on this bill is that would be increased by 9.5 percent. We have the studies that show we would lose manufacturing jobs by another 9.5 percent over and above all of the manufacturing jobs that are gone.  Now, if you do not agree with these studies, use a little logic. If there is no energy to run these manufacturing jobs, they have to go where the energy is. It has been 30 years since we have had a new coal-fired generating plant in the United States. China is cranking one out every 3 days--every 3 days. And I know it is a mess over there. It is a polluted mess. We spent a lot of time talking about CO2. But I would state to the chairman of the committee that in China, it is SO2, CO2, it is mercury, it is everything else, because they do not really have the restrictions.  So the point Senator Enzi was making was that when these jobs go over there--let's say this bill passes, which it will not, but if it did pass, that it would have the effect of increasing CO2 in that respect. And it is very simple because it would go, as Senator Enzi said, to these countries where they have no controls. So that is very significant.  The third point I wish to make, because it has been made several times by my very close friend, the junior Senator from California, the chairman of the committee, that somehow the increase in gas has something to do with the Bush administration, when I would only remind you that during the period of time we have had the acceleration of the price of gas at the pump, it has been through the Congress, congressional acts. In fact, if anyone doubts that, they can go to our Web site. The chairman and I, as chairman and ranking member, have a Web site called EPW, Environment and Public Works, epw.senate.gov. When you go in, you will see I have documented the votes of every time we try to increase our capacity of energy, and it goes down on straight party-line votes. I am talking about increasing the exploration in ANWR, offshore, in all of the other areas, addressing the tar sands, trying to do something in expanding into the shale in western Colorado, the Western United States, trying to do something about tax incentives for marginal well production. You know I know about that because we are the largest State for marginal production in the country. That is wells of 15 barrels or fewer a day. So if we had all of the marginal wells producing today that we plugged in the last 10 years, it would amount to more than we are currently importing from Saudi Arabia.  So I have to get on record here to make sure everyone understands. And the documentation is there. Every time we have tried to either get nuclear or tried to do something about clean coal technology or something about oil and gas, to expand our supply of energy in America, it goes down right along party lines. That is the problem we have.  Now, I do have another area I wanted to talk about and maybe try to put it in a different context than it has been in the past, because the bill with all of these ramifications, with the 45 new bureaucracies, with all of the money, with the $6.7 trillion of additional money that is going to come into the system--that has to come from taxpayers, from consumers of energy. That is where it is going to come from.  When this all comes up, it is a shell game. It reminds me of the magician who takes a small object and he puts it under a shell, all under the watchful eyes of the public. Then he starts mixing them up in the shells. The problem is that the magician does such a good job of shuffling the shells around, no one can agree where the prize is, and sometimes the magician simply removes the prize in a slight-of-hand and all of the shells are empty. Well, this bill, the Lieberman-Warner bill, is much like a shell game. They promise everything to everyone.  There is one group--I do not think I will mention their name now--one of the big ag groups in this country has came out, and they were convinced they were going to get all of the credits and they would be able to control these credits and they were going to make all of this money. Now they realize that is not true, so they have taken their support away from this.  But the bill that promises everything to everyone showed the public a pile of money under one shell, and then they lead people to believe everyone is going to get that. The trouble is, there are more losers with the Lieberman-Warner bill than winners. What makes it worse is we are the ones choosing the losers and winners. We try very hard to make everyone think they will be better off under this redistribution of wealth, but, like most schemes, it does not work.  The first major shell game trick is the claim by the sponsors that the bill would generate $6.7 trillion of new revenue. The problem, of course, is that revenue comes from consumers and people in higher energy costs. It is a tax on everyone in this country who uses energy. It is a tax on energy, of course, either consumer products such as food, manufactured goods, or higher prices on anything made of concrete, steel, or chemicals. Now, you can bet that whenever the Government tells you they are going to redistribute money, the money they are distributing is coming from the U.S. taxpayers one way or another.  The next shell game trick is the promise of tax relief. We have heard this. We talk about tax relief. I hope everyone was listening when I read very carefully from the bill that there is no tax relief. They are merely talking about this, what they should do with all of this money after it has been redistributed back to people. But it doesn't say they will do it. It does not authorize it. It does not direct it. In fact, if it did happen, it still has to go to the Finance Committee, and they would have to make those decisions. But they are saying--the sponsors of the bill are promising Americans $800 billion in tax relief over the next 40 years. Now, the trouble is they are taking in $6.7 trillion. If they do redistribute the $800 billion, that is not a very good deal; that is $1 back for every $8 put in. Only in Washington, DC, does that sound like a good return on investment.  Now, how much tax relief will $800 billion provide? Let's break it down. Over 40 years, that is $20 billion a year. While that seems like a lot of money--and it is--this year's tax rebate cost the Government $150 billion. This means that for the U.S. taxpayer to play the Lieberman-Warner shell game, they have to fork over $8 for the chance of getting back $1.  The bill's sponsors also play the same shell game with different industries. They promise them that a small amount of money is hidden under one shell and hope they don't notice how much they will have to pay overall. They promise the auto industry less than $2 billion a year for research and development, when the industry already spends $75 billion a year. They promise $34 billion to help transition oil refineries over the life of the bill, when in the first year alone, 2012, they will have to purchase over $65 billion worth of credits based upon conservative estimates. This is actually written into the bill where you have the credits allocated by industry for the industrial base. Then they say: This is the amount that you get credit, but this is what you are going to have to eventually come up with. That is the difference, that is what they are going to have to pay. In the case of the auto industry, it will be $65 billion worth of credits. They offer fossil fuel-fired powerplants an average of $7 billion a year in assistance, ignoring the fact that in the first year alone they will have topurchase over $20 billion in allocation credits.  Even worse, the sponsors play the same shell game with workers' jobs. They promise a whole host of new so-called green jobs in exchange for good paying manufacturing jobs. The problem is, the good jobs created under Lieberman-Warner are in developing countries such as China, India, and Mexico. The American worker is left with an empty shell.  Dr. Kenneth Green, with the American Enterprise Institute, stated in testimony before our committee, when I asked him if global warming initiatives create new green jobs:       The short answer, I would say, is that they might do so,      but only at the expense of other jobs that would otherwise      have been produced by the free market. Further, I would      suggest that the end result would be significantly less jobs      on net, less overall economic growth on the net, and most      likely, the loss of existing capital as a by-product.  That was in our committee. That was a testimonial from someone who is very knowledgeable. Even the so-called green jobs will be going overseas. Just last month the California-based SunPower Corporation, the second largest solar cell manufacturer in the world, announced it is building its new manufacturing plants in Malaysia. I am sure one of my colleagues might say the financial incentives in the bill for solar power will keep more of these jobs here in the future, but we already subsidize them by $24 dollars per megawatt hour compared to 44 cents for coal and 25 cents for natural gas. How many more subsidies do they think they need to keep the green jobs here?  Another victim of the shell game is the American farmer. They are promised funds for carbon offsets. Yet they aren't told of the increased prices they will be paying for everything from electricity to propane to natural gas to diesel fuel, fertilizer, chemicals, tires, batteries, belts, bearings, farm machinery, spare parts, and everything else they use. That is the reason you have all the farmers groups opposing this, saying: We can't be dealt one more bad hand.  I know my farmers in Oklahoma are having a problem, in addition to a lot of the overregulation they are suffering through. We have something that is probably not very prevalent in the State of California. It is called the burying beetle. It is about that big. That stops farmers from being able to cultivate their fields, and it is a serious problem. Now they look at this and say: Wait a minute. It is going to be even worse in the future.  Farmers have serious problems. In addition, this empty shell promise will come with increased regulations and inspections by the EPA as they set up, monitor, and then annually verify farmers' activities. My farmers always use the phrase, they don't want more bureaucrats crawling all over their farms. It is almost as if the sponsors are playing a shell game in hopes of distracting farmers with new regulatory programs and higher costs.  This is kind of funny. I happened to be chairman at the time, back when the Republicans were the majority, of the Environment and Public Works Committee, when there was an effort to make propane a hazardous material. I remember seeing a bunch of people wearing red coats walking in the back. They were young people. I didn't know who they were. I said: We can document that this will cost the average farmer in my State $700 a year more than they are paying now in excessive regulatory costs. We defeated that. When we defeated it, all these young kids stood and applauded. I didn't know it, but it was the ag youth committee of the State of Oklahoma. There must have been 40 of them there, bright young kids. Of course, every shell game someone comes out ahead. In this case, the magician is the Federal bureaucracy.  The bill creates a host of new Federal programs, boards and funds, all of which will require new regulations, staff and resources. To give you an idea, when people talk about the amount of money, this net amount of money is out there. We talk about the $6.7 trillion. We talk about a period of time that will extend 38 or 40 years out right now and some 45 bureaucracies. I want you to look and see. This is what we would be creating. People who vote for this bill are voting for all these bureaucracies: A Federal greenhouse gas registry, efficient buildings program, a super efficient equipment and appliances development program, a clean medium and heavy duty hybrid fleets program, research on the effect of climate change on drinking water utilities program, the Rocky Mountain center of the study of coal utilization, the Sun grant center for research on compliance with the Clean Air Act, the outreach initiative on revenue enhancement for agricultural producers, the agriculture and forestry emissions distribution program, the carbon market oversight and regulation working group. These are all going to be staffed with people. It is all going to be paid for by the results of this bill, if it should pass, which I am quite sure it will not. The carbon market efficiency board, the climate change technology board, the climate change worker training and assistance fund, the efficiency and renewable energy worker training program, the climate change worker assistance program, the multiagency steering committee, the national climate change advisory committee, the office of climate change adjustment assistance. I have to read these out so people know this monster we are talking about. The workforce training and safety program, the climate change consumer assistance fund, the transportation sector emission reduction fund, energy efficiency and conservation block grant program, tribal climate change assistance fund, State wildlife adoption fund.  People say: What are you going to do? Let's assume that all this stuff is supposed to go back to taxpayers which we have calculated to be something less than--at the very most it would be $2.5 trillion, that that would leave $4.2 trillion. This is where it is going, for all these bureaucracies: The early action program, the efficient manufacturing program, the low and zero carbon electricity technology fund, the carbon capture and sequestration technology fund, the liabilities for closed geological storage sites task force, the climate change transportation technology fund, the cellulosic biofuel program. This is kind of interesting because right now my State is a leader in the cellulosic biofuel programs. It is Oklahoma State University and the Noble Foundation. I would like to see this happen.  I stood on the floor of the Senate--I think this is one of the rare things we agreed with, I say to my good friend, the Senator from California. All these ethanol mandates that we went through, initially all the environmentalists were for these mandates. Now people realize that with the mandates and with the increase in the mandates in the energy bill of 2007 that we passed in December, now it has doubled or tripled the mandates that were already there. What is happening? They produce a dirtier fuel that is less efficient. It is not good for the engine. It takes the life of the engine down. But worst for me in my State of Oklahoma, it is competing with feedstocks. Our feedstocks in Oklahoma have tripled since all this stuff started because they are using this. The cellulosic biofuel program was a result of that because that is something that is not going to be used to compete with.  On with the list: The Bureau of Land Management emergency firefighting program, the Forest Service emergency firefighting program, the Federal wildlife adaptation program, the national wildlife adaptation program, the science advisory board, the climate change and natural resources science center, the international climate change commission, the international reserve allowance program. These are all bureaucracies, you guys. I hope somebody is watching. The capacity building program, the clean development technology deployment fund, the international clean development technology board, the international climate change adaptation and national security program, the interagency climate change task force, and finally, the Climate Security Act administrative fund.  Here we are with all 45 new bureaucracies, programs that are created. I guess we know who the winner is in the Lieberman-Warner shell game: The Federal Government, at the expense of families, workers, and taxpayers who are going to pay for all this fund we will be having.  I don't recall, in the years I have been here, seeing more interest frommore different areas in a piece of legislation. I would like to share some of the things that I thought were of interest. A lot of these are from, I think it was the senior Senator from Ohio, who was talking about one of the medias I will be quoting. I will get to it. I am not sure which one it is.  The Associated Press:       With gasoline at $4 a gallon and home heating and cooling      costs soaring, it is getting harder to sell a bill that would      transform the country's energy industries and, as critics      will argue, cause energy prices to rise even more.  That was from ``Economic Cost Drives Senate Climate Debate.''  The Wall Street Journal:       This is easily the largest income redistribution scheme      since the income tax.  The New York Post:       The only thing it will cool is the U.S. economy. In effect,      the bill would impose an average of more than $80 billion in      new energy taxes every year.  Robert Samuelson in the Washington Post:       Let's call it by its proper name: cap-and-tax.  George Will, a little more intellectual on this one:       Speaking of endless troubles, cap-and-trade comes cloaked      in reassuring rhetoric about the government merely creating a      market, but government actually would create a scarcity so      that government could sell what it had made scarce.  Charles Krauthammer, this is one that was a few days ago. There is another one in this morning. I would invite anyone out there who wants a lot of details on how bad this legislation is, I had an op-ed piece in this morning's Wall Street Journal. I covered all these things in much more detail with documentation, and you can only do it in print. So I did it.  Charles Krauthammer:       There's no greater social power than the power to ration.      Other than rationing food, there is no greater instrument of      social control than rationing energy, the currency of just      about everything one does and uses in an advanced society.  Human Events:       It will significantly increase the price Americans pay for      gasoline and electricity. Cap and trade is an economy-killer.  The Hill:       A bill that the senate will debate after Memorial Day could      add about 50 cents more to the price of a gallon of gasoline,      according to a study.  There are several studies in this area. It is far greater than that. I think the EPA actually had the study that said that it would be 53 cents a gallon increase.  The Wall Street Journal:       Boxer climate tax bill would impose the most extensive      government reorganization of the American economy since the      1930s.  Investor's Business Daily:       The bill essentially limits how much gasoline and other      fossil fuels Americans can use, as Klaus puts it . . .  Talking about one of my real heroes, he is the President of the Czech Republic. He said:       . . . in the name of the planet. A study by Charles Rivers      Associates puts the cost (in terms of reduced household      spending per year) of Senate bill 2191--which is the present source on this--       to $1,300 per household by 2015, rising to $1,500 to $2,500      by 2050.       Electricity prices could jump by 36 percent to 65 percent      by 2015 and 80 percent to 125 percent by 2050.  By the way, we have another chart which I do not have with me which I will be showing tomorrow that has the breakdown by CRA, showing what each State has. It happens that the highest States in terms of the problems are the States of Oklahoma and Texas. The average cost for the average household in my State of Oklahoma and the State of Texas is $3,300 a year. So it is far greater than average, so naturally I am a little more concerned than some of the others are.  The Las Vegas Review Journal:       Consumers are already struggling with gasoline approaching      $5 a gallon and other utility costs that have been moving      steadily higher for the past few years. New mandates placed      on producers in the name of ``global warming'' will only make      matters worse.  The Plain Dealer--this is the one that is in Cleveland, OH, so I am sure the Chair knows a little bit about this newspaper. This is the one that was characterized by the senior Senator from Ohio as normally being moderate to liberal as opposed to being conservative. It says:       The bill, as conceived, will just bore new holes into an      already battered economy.  That was an editorial by the Plain Dealer of Cleveland, OH, called: ``Carbon Cap-And-Trade Bill Is Going Nowhere, For Good Reason.''  Mr. President, it is my understanding I have 30 minutes. How much time do I have remaining?  