I used to chair that committee when the Republicans were in the majority. We are not a majority now, so it is Senator Boxer. But I wanted to cover the three things she covered.  First, gas prices, that somehow gas prices are not going to be going up as a result of this, and blaming that on the President, the administration, whether it is Cheney-Bush or whoever it is. Let's keep in mind that gas prices went up when the Democrats controlled the House and Democrats controlled the Senate.  Now, if anyone doubts who is at fault for this, go to the Web site for Environment and Public Works, epw.senate.gov, and look it up. What I have done is document the votes all the way back to 1995. Every time we tried to increase the supply of energy in America and every time we tried to increase our refining capacity, it was killed by the Democrats, right down party lines. Look it up. It is there. I have provided it for you so you don't have to find it yourself. It is there.  Now, I don't know how many times I can refute this; the distinguished Senator talks about the fact that she doesn't believe this is a tax increase and it is going to be a tax decrease by almost $1 trillion. It is $800 billion. But let us remember, as I said before, this bill takes $6.7 trillion from Americans in the form of a consumption tax on consumable goods and on energy. Now, the bill says we should give back $800 billion. That means for every $8 we are taxing the American people, we might be giving back $1.  The third thing is on jobs. You know, this is such a logical thing that I don't believe we should have to go into all this. If you do away with energy and dramatically cut energy in America, jobs have to go someplace. It is estimated that almost 10 percent of manufacturing jobs will go overseas. They will be gone.  She talks about the labor unions. Let me read what the labor unions say. The National Mining Association wrote:  Contrary to representations made of the Boxer substitute, S. 3036 does not provide sufficient funding or incentives for CCS and advanced coal technologies. Under the Boxer substitute, the advanced coal research program proposed is replaced with a kick-start program. In other words, they are opposed to it.  How about United Auto Workers? The last time I checked, that was a union. They said in a letter to her and to me:       The legislation still contains serious defects that would      undermine the environmental benefits while posing a threat to      economic growth and jobs. Accordingly, the UAW opposes this      bill in its current form. We urge you to insist that the      legislation must be modified to correct for these defects.  That is the UAW.  Again, the last thing the distinguished Senator said is we need to get to final passage, we need to pass this thing. I only hope that the Democratic majority of the Senate will let us vote on amendments and let us vote on final passage. If we take this bill down, I don't know who you want to point a finger at, but I am standing here right now begging with the leadership, let us debate the amendments and let us debate final passage, let us have public record votes on the amendments and votes on the bill so the light will shine brightly and everyone will know who is responsible if this bill goes down.  I yield the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  