 All Republicans want just one thing, and that is to debate this bill, bring it out in the open, let the light shine on it. Every Republican who has spoken has talked about the various amendments they want. All we want to do is discuss, debate amendments, have recorded votes on the amendments, and then have a recorded vote on final passage. That is a very reasonable request.  The Senator from New Mexico said on a couple of occasions that--referring to the amendments of 1990--there were 180 amendments that were offered at that time in 5 weeks of debate. Now we are talking about 3 days. I don't want anyone walking away when they pull the bill and say the Republicans had anything to do with it because all we want to do is debate it.  One of the amendments I want is to set up a mechanism we put down in a very reasonable way that would protect truckers, small businesses, and farmers from higher diesel prices caused by the Lieberman-Warner bill. I still want that amendment, and I hope there is a change of heart someplace and we will be allowed to do it.  It is important in these last few minutes to talk a little bit about this 53 cents a gallon they have estimated. They have said it is not going to be 53 cents a gallon, but the EIA, the EnergyInformation Agency, has estimated that it would be 53 cents. But they say we are underestimating. They said first they acknowledge their model does not take into account cost of allowances for refineries, it does not account for more production going overseas, and it does not account for supply-side changes in the market, which means as production costs go up, supply will get tighter. That is a conservative estimate.  Since our junior Senator from California has returned, let me one more time talk about the tax increase. This is a massive tax increase on the American people. At a press conference on June 2, Senator Boxer said this is tax relief. Later on, she said in the same press conference: We also have in this bill a very large piece, almost $1 trillion of tax relief. So when we see some increases in energy costs, we can have tax relief. Then she talks about tax relief.  What does the bill say? The bill says the tax relief referred to is nonbinding; it is sense of the Senate. That just means it is conversation. It says it should be used to protect consumers. It doesn't authorize it, it doesn't direct it, it doesn't provide anything is paid. So what we are talking about is that $800 billion is not going to happen. But assuming it did--that is after we have taxed the American people $6.7 trillion--then we might give them back $800 billion. That means that for every $8 we tax them, we give them back $1.  Next, nuclear. Certainly, the Senator from New Mexico has been a leader on this, and we have talked about trying to get more nuclear energy for quite some time. I will say this about the McCain-Lieberman bill. One of the reasons I don't believe Senator McCain is for this bill is that it doesn't have a nuclear component. His bill had a nuclear component, a recognition that we are not going to solve this problem in this country without a nuclear component. So this bill has no nuclear component.  When you look at other countries, such as France, they get 80 percent of their energy from nuclear energy. We are getting 20 percent. It is clean, abundant, cheap, and safe, and we ought to be doing more of that. I think we are on the road to start doing that, but not in this bill. It is not in this bill.  Next, the gas price, the 53 cents, I would suggest that is not just conservative, it is incredibly conservative because that is assuming 268 new nuclear electric powerplants by 2050. That is assuming we have 268 new nuclear plants. Well, according to the Electric Power Research Institute, and everybody else, the most we could have would be 64. So that is one-fourth the amount. That means the increase in the cost per gallon most likely would be closer to $2 a gallon instead of 53 cents a gallon.  On the $6.7 trillion tax increase, this is one where they say: Well, we are going to give part of this back. Even if they gave back $2.5 trillion over that period of time, this would still be a $4.2 trillion tax increase.  Now, you might say: What is all that money going for? Look behind me. There are 45 new or expanded bureaucracies that would be recorded or be established by this bill. In other words, if we do this bill, yes, we are going to be taxing the American people $6.7 trillion, and it is going to be going toward expanding and creating new bureaucracies--45 of them. I can assure you that none of that money would be returned to the people of Oklahoma.  Now, it is hard to explain what $6.7 trillion means. It has so many zeros, people's heads start to swim. The analysis by Charles Rivers Associates says that each family of four in my State of Oklahoma will have their taxes increased by $3,300 a year--$3,300 a year. That is a massive tax increase. If you go back and look at the last major tax increase we had in this country--it was the Clinton-Gore tax increase of 1993--where the taxes went up, Americans were taxed by some $32 billion. This would be closer to in the trillions. It would be 10 or 12 times more than that.  The last major thing to talk about is jobs. I don't know how anyone can look at this logically and come to the conclusion that this is not going to be the killer for jobs in America. I listened to my friends from Ohio and other States in the Midwest. We in Oklahoma don't really have that much of a problem, but in the manufacturing belt of the Midwest--Ohio, Michigan, Illinois--they are losing their manufacturing jobs. They have lost, by some estimates, up to 25 percent of their manufacturing jobs because we don't have adequate amounts of energy to take care of those things.  Well, this bill, according to the analysis that was done, would increase the loss of jobs in the manufacturing sector by 9.5 percent. In other words, it is not going to lose a few thousand jobs but many thousands. If the manufacturing sector is going to be dropping another 10 percent, it is devastating.  Now, where are these jobs going to go? They are going to go to Mexico and they are going to go to India and China. There are a number of different places they will go. This is the interesting thing--and I think the Senator from Wyoming, Mr. Enzi, gave a speech on this that I thought was very good. In the speech, he talked about what happens when jobs go to China. When jobs go to China, they do not have any emissions restrictions in China, so the problem we will have there is that it is going to increase the amount of CO2 in the air.  I have agreed going into this debate that we would assume that it is true that manmade gases--anthropogenic gases, CO2, methane--are a major cause of climate change. I don't believe that is true, but we wanted to assume it because if we didn't do that, this debate would be all about science. We might end up winning the debate but not in the short time the leadership has given us for this bill. So if we were to have the time to do that and to talk about these losses and where these losses are coming from, it would be much more meaningful.  But the bottom line is this: You can't worry about what is going to happen if we lose the jobs without realizing that even if this bill were to pass, it will end up costing the atmosphere. We will end up with a lot more CO2 being emitted into the atmosphere. It is only logical we are going to lose these jobs to developing nations, some of which I have mentioned, and those developing nations don't have any restrictions on their emissions. So what happens? We pass the bill, emissions increase, and America goes through this economic disaster.  For those reasons, we can't do it, and for those reasons, we are getting all kinds of editorials all around the country saying we can't afford to do it and saying things such as:       This is easily the largest income redistribution scheme      since the income tax.  And saying things such as:       The only thing it will cool is the U.S. economy.  And saying things such as:       The Boxer climate tax bill would impose the most extensive      government reorganization of the American economy since the      1930s.  