 San Francisco Chronicle. We have to have this one because generally they are on the other side of these issues.       The Senate debate on the climate bill probably will focus      on its impact on energy prices and the economy, which in the      short run could be considered significant.  Anyway, we have many, many more. So I guess to finalize what I have said, you have to repeat some of these things. First, we do have the problem of gas prices. You could argue it is not going to increase the price of gas. Every study we have, except one that presumes we are going to triple the number of nuclear plants, agrees with that.  In fact, the Energy Information Agency estimates that gas prices would increase from 41 cents somewhere to a dollar. When they talk about only 2 cents a year, that is on a study the EIA did that assumes that currently we have 104 nuclear plants and that would be increased by 260. Nuclear, we are going to have some amendments. There will be several amendments on that.  Let's remember now the other two major things that are worth repeating. You lose your jobs. The jobs are not going to be here. You are not going to have the energy. This bill puts caps on all the energy we produce today. They talk about the future. Yes, as the Senator from Vermont said, I want to have the renewables. I want to have solar energy that will work. I want to have wind energy. All of these we want to have. We need them all.  But what are we going to do today? That technology is not here. Today the technology on oil and gas is here. The technology is here on clean coal. We actually have, right now, 32 applications pending on new nuclear plants, a nuclear renaissance. That is what we need in this country.  Lastly, the tax and spend: $6.7 trillion, all going to be paid for by all these people out there. Maybe they may get back $1 out of every $8 they pay, but I doubt it. Because, as I said earlier, if you look and see clearly what it is that is in the bill, it says we should return some of this money to them, but it does not demand it. It does not authorize it. The Finance Committee would end up having to do it.  Now, with that, I will yield the floor for the response.  