Chairman, I certainly rise in strong support of this fiscal year 2012 Defense appropriation bill. I want to particularly thank Chairman Young and Ranking Member Dicks and their staffs for a fantastic job. Thank you very much for your hard work and a great bill.  This bill is a great example, when it comes to our national defense, that we work together as Americans, not as Democrats, not as Republicans, but as Americans. At a time that we're in a number of conflicts around the world, it's important that we show that we stand united in support of our troops and against our enemies.  There was a point made about what's the longest war. I would say the longest war in American history is the Cold War. We were in that war for well over40 years, and we're at war today against terrorism and radical elements out there that are trying to kill us and to maim us and to harm our national interests.  This is a long-term commitment, and I certainly congratulate this committee for doing the job that's necessary.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the fiscal year 2012 Defense Appropriations bill. Chairman Young, Ranking Member Dicks and the staff on both sides have worked together to produce a very good bill that supports our warfighters, plans for the future, and funds current operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, while also taking into account the fiscal restraints of the current economy.  I think every Member would agree that our troops deserve the absolute best we can give and this bill reflects that they are our top priority by providing a 1.6 percent pay increase. The bill also provides for important health research--from traumatic brain injury to psychological treatment--in order to help troops transition from battle to home.  The defense funding bill also ensures our military has the necessary equipment to succeed not only in the present, but in the future as well. The bill replaces the C-17 that went down in Alaska last summer, provides for the procurement of 32 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft, funds the building of 10 Navy ships, and provides for the purchase of 48 Reaper UAVs.  Finally the bill accounts for the current operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, ending the bad habit of ``emergency'' funding bills that were rarely subjected to regular order and often loaded up with non-emergency items. The bill is $9 billion less than the President's request--a reflection of our times and the realization that no department in the Federal Government is exempt from budget cuts.  Again, I rise in strong support of the FY12 Defense Appropriations bill. I commend Chairman Young and Ranking Member Dicks for their hard work and urge my colleagues to vote in support of the bill.  