President, I rise to introduce legislation, with 56 cosponsors--Democrats and Republicans, conservatives and liberals, men and women--to ban new deployments of antipersonnel landmines beginning in the year 2000.  I am honored to be joined by Senator Chuck Hagel, who was injured by landmines in Vietnam, and who is the chief cosponsor of this bill.  I also want to give special thanks to Senators Bob Kerrey and John McCain, both decorated Vietnam veterans, who are cosponsors of this bill and know far better than I about the terror landmines inflict on our own soldiers. In and out of Congress, those who know these weapons best, hate them most.  Landmines have some marginal military value. So, for that matter, do chemical weapons. But the damage done by these hidden killers long after the guns fall silent and the armies have gone home far outweigh whatever small benefits they add to our enormous and unsurpassed military arsenal.  The victims are not only innocent civilians. There were more than 64,000 American casualties from landmines in Vietnam. If that is not appalling enough, the overwhelming majority of those mines contained U.S. components. They were made here, and they killed and maimed our soldiers half-way around the world.  In Bosnia, more than 250 soldiers under U.N. and NATO commands have been injured, and 29 killed, by landmines. Every American casualty from enemy causes in Bosnia has been from landmines.  And that does not include the thousands of civilians who have fallen victim to these indiscriminate weapons, and the thousands more who will lose their legs, their arms, their eyesight and their lives in the future. For some 68 countries, the bridge to the 21st century is strewn and landmines. 100 million of them.  The purpose of this legislation is to exert U.S. leadership. But what we propose here is no different, indeed it does not go as far, as what others have already done. Great Britain, Canada, Germany, South Africa are some of the countries who have unilaterally renounced their production, use, and export of these weapons, and are destroying their stockpiles.  Some 72 nations have said they will meet in Ottawa this December to sign a treaty banning the weapons, and I suspect that number will continue to climb. Our country has not said if we will go to Ottawa. Why is this administration--which showed such moral leadership on chemical weapons to isolate the rogue nations--putting the United States in the role of a helpless giant when it comes to antipersonnel landmines? Why can we not use that same moral suasion, as others have done? We are not a pariah nation, and we should not act like one.  The United States shows leadership worthy of a great and powerful nation when we are bold on a practical and moral issue like this. We squander that potential and are no different from other nations when we sit on the sidelines, as the administration has done here.  For the past 5 years, the leadership on banning landmines has come from Congress. I hope the President will step forward to move the United States into the front ranks of this global effort, along with Canada and our other allies.  Before some in the Pentagon start drumming up opposition to this bill, I would urge them to consider who is supporting it, and why we support it. Every Member of the Senate who has seen combat is a cosponsor of this bill. This is not about taking away a weapon the Pentagon needs. It is about beginning the next century by renouncing a weapon that does not belong in the arsenal of civilized nations. The Pentagon has far more to gain if the use of antipersonnel landmines is made a war crime.  Finally, to those in the Pentagon who say that so-called smart mines--that are designed to self-destruct automatically--are the solution to this problem, I challenge them to find me a landmine that is smart enough to tell the difference between a soldier and a child. And let us not fool ourselves--the rest of the world does not use self-destruct mines, and they are not going to. They are not going to feel pressured to give up their mines, if we refuse to renounce smart mines. We saw that with chemical weapons, and with the nuclear test ban. There is no substitute for U.S. leadership.  I recognize that the Pentagon may be institutionally incapable of giving up a weapon that has some value, however marginal. Their job is to protect American soldiers, and there are undoubtedly instances when antipersonnel landmines have done that. But they should consider the horrendous casualties these weapons have inflicted on our troops. And they should recognize that just because a weapon has some marginal value does not justify its use when the victims are overwhelmingly innocent civilians, indeed whole societies.  Ultimately, it is a political decision, and the President, as Commander in Chief, needs to act. The question no longer is whether we will ban antipersonnel landmines, but when. This bill moves us closer to that goal.  There is only one way to stop this, and that is to stop it. And the sooner the United States does that, as others have done, the sooner the world can sweep these weapons into the dustbin of history.  