President, I rise today to echo the words of Senator Bumpers regarding national forest policy and to welcome Mike Dombeck as Chief of the U.S. Forest Service. The Forest Service is one of the oldest and one of the largest stewards of our public lands. This year marks the 100th anniversary of the Organic Act in which Congress laid out the purposes for our national forests. Since the Forest Service was created in 1905, it has grown to manage over 190 million acres of forest lands. These lands span the entire United States, ranging from the small national forests of the East to the multimillion-acre forests of the West. The mission of the Forest Service is to manage all of these forests under the principles of multiple use and sustained yield. As Gifford Pinchot, the first Forest Service Chief, declared in 1905, the role of the Forest Service was to achieve ``the greatest good for the greatest number in the long run.'' This mandate still stands today and should guide us into the next century of national forest management.  As the Green Mountain National Forest in my State begins review of its forest plan, the Pinchot vision is what I would like to see the Forest Service follow. The challenges facing the Green Mountain in many ways reflect the challenges facing the Forest Service as we move into the next century--increased recreational use, pressure to increase timber production, and protection of the forest's wildlife habitat, streams, and wilderness areas. Over the last decade we have witnessed a boom in recreational use of the Green Mountain, with more than 1.5 million visitors using the forest for skiing, hiking, hunting, snowmobiling, and fishing. All of our national forests together host over 820 million visits a year.  Although visitor use is a valuable indication of the importance of these national forests, we must not forget the equally compelling reason to protect these national treasures. They represent some of our Nation's most unique ecosystems, from the tropical rainforests in the South, the alpine meadows of the Rocky Mountains, the coastal redwoods of the Pacific coast, and the hardwood forests in the East. This network of forests preserves natural resources for scientific, educational, and historical values. New scientific information and advances in technology have allowed us to improve the management of our forests to protect these values. I applaud Chief Dombeck's call for increased use of available technology, enhanced conservation education, and insistence on personal accountability to protect these natural resources.  At the same time, the resources available to the Forest Service to move our national forests into the next century must keep pace with the demands. The Forest Service is developing joint business ventures and cooperative agreements with both public and private partners to address this situation. It has looked to its neighbors to share in the responsibility and caretaking of the forests. It has reached out to private enterprises to operate facilities and develop viable business ventures to provide quality recreational opportunities while ensuring ecosystem protection.  In Vermont, the Green Mountain National Forest has worked with numerous volunteer organizations to maintain and develop campgrounds and trails in the forest. The Green Mountain also has been participating in a cooperative effort with the University of Vermont to develop a database of resource information to analyze different management scenarios in the forest. I appreciate Chief Dombeck's recognition of the value of these multipartner projects in reaching out to the communities who live near our national forests.  Although some people feel that these increasing pressures and sometimes conflicting demands on our national forests is reason to completely overhaul the laws that govern our forests, I believe that these laws are sound. When the National Forest Management Act [NFMA] was drafted in the mid-1970's there was a crisis facing the management of our forest, the competing interests of timber production and forest conservation were colliding. That environment created what I believe is a law that offers the flexibility, public participation, and accountability necessary to guide our national forests into the next century.  The responsibility of guiding our national forests into the next century lays on the shoulders of both the Chief and the many employees who serve him. The relationship between the Chief, Forest Service employees, and the public will become increasingly important as the demands on the National Forest System continue to grow and diversify. I have great admiration for the traditions and mission of the Forest Service; I have confidence that it has the statutory and administrative ability to maintain the balance between multiple-use and sustained yield management of our forests; I have respect for the knowledge and skills of the people that work for the Forest Service; but, I also have concerns that as the Agency faces the pressure to maintain timber production and expand recreational opportunities we could compromise the debt we owe to our children--conserving these forests for their use and enjoyment.  As the 14th Chief of the Forest Service, Chief Dombeck will have to lead the Agency through the swirling debate on how to manage our forests for multiple-use while protecting them for future generations. I believe Chief Dombeck has the vision and leadership ability to achieve this goal. I welcome the opportunity to work with him to implement his philosophy of collaborative stewardship and accountability to the public as a whole and to the direct neighbors of the national forests. Chief Dombeck has already laid out some changes to move in this direction. I urge my colleagues in Congress to work with Chief Dombeck to pursue changes that will enable the Forest Service to address the growing demands on our forests.  I do not see anybody seeking recognition, Mr. President, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.  