President, I have spoken many times on the floor about the nomination of Bill Lann Lee to be the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice.  Mr. Lee testified before the Judiciary Committee. It was really the culmination of the American dream. A son of Chinese immigrants who went from living at the family laundry upon his father returning from World War II and then on to achieving one of the highest academic records ever, and ends up dedicating his life to protecting the civil rights of all Americans. At a time when we are discussing what is happening regarding the lack of civil rights in the country of his forbears--what a marked contrast.  I am concerned when I hear some Members trying to stall or defeat his nomination. They have done it by mischaracterizing Mr. Lee and his record of practical problem solving.  Yesterday, my statement pointed out that the confirmation of this son of Chinese immigrants to be the principal Federal law enforcement official responsible for protecting the civil rights of all Americans would stand in sharp contrast to the human rights practices in China.  Some are obviously trying to stall or defeat this nomination by mischaracterizing Mr. Lee and his record of practical problem solving. Bill Lee testified that he regards quotas as illegal and wrong, but some would ignore his real record of achievement and our hearing if allowed to do so. I am confident that the vast majority of the Senate and the American people will see through the partisan rhetoric and support Bill Lee.  Bill Lee has dedicated his career to wide ranging work on civil rights issues. He has represented poor children who were being denied lead screening tests, women and people of color who were denied job opportunities and promotions, neighbors in a mixed income and mixed race community who strove to save their homes, and parents seeking a good education for their children. Mr. Lee has developed a broad array of supporters over the years, including the Republican mayor of Los Angeles, former opposing counsels, and numerous others who cross race, gender and political affiliation lines.  Senator D'Amato spoke eloquently of Mr. Lee's qualifications and background while introducing him last week. Senator Warner wrote to the White House in support of Mr. Lee's candidacy. Senators Moynihan, Inouye, Akaka, Feinstein, and Boxer supported Mr. Lee at his confirmation hearing last week and Representatives Mink, Beccera, Matsui, and Jackson-Lee all took the time to come to the hearings to show their commitment to this outstanding nominee.  To those who know him, Bill Lee is a person of integrity who is well known for resolving complex cases. He has been involved in approximately 200 cases in his 23 years of law practice, and he has settled all but 6 of them. Clearly, this is strong evidence that Mr. Lee is a problem solver and practical in his approach to the law. No one who has taken the time to thoroughly review his record could call him an idealogue.  Further evidence that Mr. Lee is the man for the job is contained in the editorials from some of our country's leading newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times, Boston Globe, Washington Post, and New York Times. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record copies of those editorials and articles at the conclusion of my statement, and I also ask to be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my statement, a letter from the assistant city attorney from Los Angeles that corrects a misimpression that may have been created by a letter recently sent by Newt Gingrich.  