President, there are several people on this side of this issue who will speak, and so I will be brief to retain time for them, and I will yield myself now such time as I need.  All Senators should understand what this vote is. It is really whether to approve the President's finding. The President's finding is that withholding until July 1 the release of the funds that Congress appropriated last September for international family planning would result in more unwanted pregnancies and abortions and harm programs to protect the health of women and children.  This is not whether you are for abortions or against abortions, whether you are for family planning or against it. We know in many parts of the world family planning is abortion because we do not have everything from birth control devices to training, so people rely on abortion. What this would do would really give alternatives to it. In a misguided effort by some foes of abortion last year, the funds were held up until now and, if anything, will result in more abortions, not less.  What I would like to see us do is release the funds for family planning and give people an alternative to abortion as a form of family planning. In fact, 2 weeks ago the House voted by a substantial margin to uphold the President's finding. That meant that Republicans and Democrats voted to uphold the President's finding, and the Senate is going to vote tomorrow.  Some say that approving the President's finding would result in spending an additional $123 million on abortion. Of course, that is false, totally, patently false. This vote will not change the amount spent on family planning by one dime. And, none of this money can be spent on abortion or to promote abortion. Our law prohibits that.  This is an extremely important vote, and there should be no confusion about what it is about. So let me first talk about what this is not, so all Senators, no matter on which side of the abortion issue he or she is, will understand why they can support this resolution. This vote is not about how much we are going to spend on international family planning. We already decided that. We decided that, I believe, last September when we passed the foreign aid bill. That bill contained $385 million for family planning, and if we pass this resolution that amount is not going to change at all. If the resolution is defeated, the amount still will not change. So nobody should think we are voting to add or take away money.  The vote will also not affect how we spend the $385 million. It will not affect, for instance, which family planning organizations receive the funds. So, no matter which way we vote today, we do not determine which groups receive the funds. It does not affect that. Nor will this vote decide in any way, no matter which way we vote, if the funds can be used for abortion or to promote abortion.  This vote will decide only one thing. All this vote decides is, what date do we start spending the $385 million that we appropriated last year in the last Congress? It does not decide whether to spend it or how to spend it or what to spend it on, only whether we start spending the funds on July 1, 9 months after the start of the fiscal year, or March 1, 5 months after the start of the fiscal year.  You may ask, what difference does 4 months make, March 1, July 1, so what? If it did not make any difference, we would not even be here. But the difference is, there are tens of millions of people who will not have access to family planning services during those 4 months. We are talking about modern contraceptives, as well as condoms that protect against AIDS. This vote is about whether we should withhold family planning services to couples who desperately want to limit the size of their families or space the births of their children so their children survive past infancy.  We are not talking about money in a wealthy country like the United States. We are talking about money in the poorest of poor countries. We are talking about money so people might be able to space their children so they do not see, what so many of these countries do, children that die in the first year. In fact, a number of these countries do not even list a birth until the child is several months old, or even years old, because of the high number of infant deaths.  There is no more effective, practical way to reduce the number of abortionsthan family planning. I could cite many examples. Here is one. Before 1990, a Russian woman averaged at least three abortions in her lifetime. From 1990 to 1994, with support from USAID, contraceptive use in Russia grew from 19 to about 24 percent. Just that 5-percent increase in the use of contraceptives resulted in a decrease in the number of abortions during that period by 800,000 abortions.  I would ask, how many of those who opposed that family planning money back during those years because somehow it might be used for abortion, how many of them are willing to stand up and say, ``Because we spent it, we stopped 800,000 abortions in one country alone''? That should be the beginning and the end of this debate. If you are against abortion--and a number of Senators on this floor have voted for family planning money because, and primarily because, they are opposed to abortion, because they know this provides alternatives to abortion, just as we proved it did in Russia--just that 6 percent increase in contraceptive use cut the number of abortions by 800,000.  I ask unanimous consent a letter from Senator Mark Hatfield to Representative Chris Smith be printed in the Record at end of my remarks.  