President, I am delighted that the Senate today has accepted the House amendment to S. 476 to ensure Indian reservations and rural areas are eligible for the funding authorized under this bill to expand Boys & Girls Clubs across the country. I am also pleased that this legislation will be sent to the President this evening for his signature.  When this bill was under discussion in the Senate last spring, I made sure that rural areas, including many areas of my home State of Vermont, would be eligible for grants to establish some of the targeted 2,500 new Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Representative Buyer's amendment will now ensure that Indian reservations will qualify under this bill. The original language in this bill was more restrictive, requiring the grants to be used only for the purpose of establishing Boys & Girls Clubs in public housing projects and other distressed areas. I have worked with the Boys & Girls and know that they understand that rural areas as well as urban can qualify as ``distressed areas''.  The bill is now more expansive and will give girls and boys in rural areas and on reservations greater opportunities to share in Boys & Girls Clubs and their programs. The revised statute will authorize grants for establishing and extending facilities ``where needed''. Particular emphasis continues to be given to housing projects, where Boys & Girls Clubs have proven effective in preventing youth crime, and to distressed areas, rural or urban. But the ``where needed'' language should help make expansion into rural areas a greater priority.  The changes made to that program by this bill also permit up to 5 percent of the grant funds to be used to establish a role model speakers' program. Anyone who has seen Boys & Girls Clubs of America commercial with Denzel Washington and his coach will know the kinds of outstanding role models that we are seeking to promote to encourage and motivate young people to be involved, productive citizens.  I have seen the outstanding results at the Boys & Girls Clubs in Burlington, VT. The role models they provide include the outstanding instructors and volunteers who work in the Club's many programs. I have also witnessed the outstanding result of the Kids `N Kops Program at the University of Vermont with the cooperation of local law enforcement.  Expansions are proceeding and over 200 new clubs serving 180,000 youth were opened as a result of last year's appropriation. I know that the Burlington Boys & Girls Clubs received $100,000 to help enhance that Club's outreach efforts. I am also pleased to report that a new club will soon be established in Rutland, VT. I would like to thank Robbie Callaway and the many others at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America who have worked so hard to establish these important programs throughout the United States. I applaud your dedication and commitment to ensuring that our Nation's youth have solid alternatives to hanging out in the streets.  I know that the national headquarters is also researching the feasibility of a club in Essex Junction. I hope that with the continuation of this initiative they will look for opportunities to serve young people in Montpelier, Brattleboro, St. Johnsbury and other Vermont locations, as well. I would be delighted for a sizable portion of the 1,000,000 additional young people who we hope will be served by the end of this century to come from the 145,000 young people in Vermont and those in other rural areas.  In supporting this bill, I encourage the Boys & Girls Clubs as one example of a successful youth-oriented program that can help make a difference in young people's lives and prevent crime and delinquency. I also support the work of others who are effective with young people, including our outstanding 4-H programs.  This measure should not become an excuse for anyone not to join with us to bolster comprehensive drug education and prevention for all elementary and high school students. As I have urged in the Judiciary Committee discussions of S. 10, the Violent and Repeat Juvenile Offender Act, we should proceed to help create after school ``safe havens'' where children are protected from drugs, gangs and crime with activities including drug prevention education, academic tutoring, mentoring, and abstinence training. This bill is a step but should not be the end of our efforts to support programs that help prevent juvenile delinquency, crime, and drug abuse.  