President, going back to the matter at hand, all of us support the concept of volunteers working to help. In fact, this country could not make it without volunteers. I think of those volunteers in the recent disastrous floods in the Dakotas who worked 16- and 20-hour days to pack sandbags, sometimes to protect homes and property and businesses of people they did not know and probably never would know. They just showed up, volunteered, and did it.  I think what happens, sometimes we will get hit with a vicious storm in my part of the world, power lines will come down, electricity will be out, and people gather to volunteer and help. I think of some people I have seen in times when I have had the opportunity to volunteer in what we call our Cleanup Day. Cleanup Day in Vermont was begun by a dear friend and former Governor of Vermont, Dean Davis. This is where thousands of Vermonters all over the State go out at this time of year--the snows are gone, we hope--and we will pick up trash all over the State, beautify our roads, our streams.  In fact, I recall when my daughter was the State director, and I went with her and some others. We saw a little piece of metal sticking up in a stream and we decided to pull it, and more of us pulled, and pulled and pulled, and we got a car hooked up and pulled and pulled, and out came a sink--a whole sink. Somebody had tossed it in there. We cleaned it up. I hope that stream was better as a result.  I think of the men and women who work with children in my State, the volunteers who work with the 4-H Club, for example. During my 8 years as a prosecutor in Vermont, I went back through the records of all those who came in our juvenile courts in the county where I was the States attorney or district attorney. We had about a quarter of the population. During 8 years in that juvenile court, we never had a person in there who had been active in 4-H or active in Scouting. Those people worked so hard at it and learned good basic values, but they had a lot of adults who volunteered to help in those operations.  I daresay that every single Member of this body is for volunteers. What I am concerned about in this particular bill is that it was introduced, we never had a hearing, we have never had discussion of some of the problems--and there are some significant legal problems in it--and I think that of late the Senate has been acting that way, just taking up a big piece of legislation and rushing to the floor with it.  I raised a concern that various hate groups might be protected with their volunteers under this bill. The Senator from Georgia, the Senator from Vermont, and all the others both for and against this have a total abhorrence of hate groups. There is not a single Member of this body that will stand for the kind of thing that so many hate groups stand for.  What I have suggested is they should be looked at carefully. How do you make sure that even beyond the prohibitions against hate crimes that are in the bill that we have the prohibitions against immunizing various hate groups? Do we immunize the volunteers, and do we go further and immunize large organizations that might utilize volunteers and might not take the kind of care they should for the people that come in there, absent those volunteers, or absent that immunization?  Let me give an example. If you have a large for-profit hospital, the kind of hospital where some of the administrators and owners of it will make millions of dollars a year, where the daily care of the patients--nurses, nurses aides and others, of course, make a tiny infinitesimal fraction of that--are augmented by people who willingly come in and volunteer in those hospitals, who are not the millionaire administrators, do we want to set it up so the millionaire directors are somehow removed from that because they were wise enough to bring some volunteers in? Now, I do not think anybody wants to do that.  So let us look at this legislation. As I said, I think we could have avoided several days of discussion and cloture votes and everything else if we had just done what we normally do or should do around here, and that is have a hearing on it. I am the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, and we are not having to take much time for hearings on Federal judges and nominations even though there are 100 vacancies in the Federal courts. We had time to spend the whole day yesterday to beat up on Janet Reno in a hearing. We could have had time to take a couple hours to hold a hearing on this bill and probably corrected the problems and we would have taken up a lot less time of the Senate in the long run.  I found very interesting the hearing with Attorney General Reno. At the end of 7, 8, or 9 hours, whatever it was, I commended her. She had listened to interminable speeches punctuated by an occasional question. She showed equanimity during the speeches, which made up most of the hearing--speeches from Senators--but also answered the occasional questions with candor and integrity. It does not mean everyone will agree with her answers.  She sure showed a streak of independence, a streak that may have bothered some, because she showed a willingness to look into inappropriate activity by Members of Congress as well as just at the White House, a matter that I realize has caused some consternation to some on the Hill, but I think it is only fair. If we look at one end of Pennsylvania Avenue, we should look at the other end. I am sure the distinguished Presiding Officer and others would agree with me in that regard.  Let us go to the bill at hand, let us continue to work together. The Senator from Georgia has been dealing in good faith, and he knows the Senator from Vermont has. We will continue to work and see if we can find something, I hope, very soon.  I see the Senator from Georgia on the floor, and I yield the floor.  