President, we live, unfortunately, in a partisan time. I have never seen either the U.S. Senateor the House of Representatives tied up in such partisan knots. I find that it is personally distressing to me. I have enormous respect for the U.S. Senate and enormous respect for the House of Representatives.  I have felt it a great privilege to serve with distinguished Republican and Democrat leaders of both the House and the Senate. I think I have been a personal friend of nearly every leader in the House and the Senate in both parties. And I have considered that as one of the great joys of serving in the U.S. Senate. I can think of a number of times I have joined with Members of both parties to push difficult legislation through. The last farm bill was an example when it was completely tied up. Then it became the Lugar-Leahy-Dole farm bill and passed this Senate with the highest number of votes which I believe a farm bill had ever passed before. The next closest one was probably the Lugar-Leahy farm bill of 5 years before.  I am not suggesting that the two parties hold hands on every issue by any means. I don't think that would serve the country well. But there are certain issues where we come together for the country. We have done this on major foreign policy issues. We have done it at times when this country desperately needed it. We did it recently on the budget agreement.  Mr. President, each one of us should search our souls and ask whether the country is well served by the bitterness that has gone on in some of the partisanship, by the personal attacks against each other and against the institution that we should be proud to serve, or the attacks against the President that have become so personal.  We should ask ourselves if we benefit this great Nation that we are privileged to serve if we diminish and chip away and even destroy some of the independence of our Federal judiciary because, if we do that, Mr. President, some day we will no longer be here. Nobody holds a seat in the U.S. Senate. The distinguished Presiding Officer will leave sometime, and the Senator from Vermont will leave the U.S. Senate sometime. All of us will.  But when we leave, we should look back, and ask, ``What did we do here? What mark in history did we leave?'' If we have left as our mark that we made the Government better, that we made the Senate better, that we made the Congress better, that we protected the institutions of our Government, that we protected the people of our democracy, then we can go home knowing that we served our Nation well.  But we should ask ourselves, each and every one, if we leave here and say that as a result of our partisanship on either side of the aisle that the Federal judiciary was diminished--one of the great institutions of this country, one of the reasons we have remained a democracy, one of the things which guaranteed our diversity, which allows the most powerful nation that history has ever known to be a democracy and not a dictatorship--then we cannot feel that we have served our Nation well. We cannot feel that we can be proud of our time in the U.S. Senate.  So I urge Senators to think about this story. I realize that we are in a different time--and I am reminded that I have spoken before on the floor of the Senate about the experience my father had in Vermont in 1937, 3 years before I was born. Vermont was one of the most Republican States back in 1936 in the Roosevelt great landslide. Alf Landon--the distinguished father of our distinguished former colleague, Senator Kassebaum--Alf Landon carried two States: Maine and Vermont.  And the head of our largest insurance company, the National Life Insurance Co., basically the titular head of the Republican Party, was standing next to my father on State Street in Montpelier, VT, as President Roosevelt was making a visit to Vermont and went by in an open car. The president of the National Life Insurance Co. stood at attention and took off his hat--all men wore hats at that time--and he held it over his heart as President Roosevelt's car went by. My dad said, ``I can't believe you took off your hat for Franklin Roosevelt.'' He looked with arched concern at my father and said, ``Howard, I took off my hat for the President of the United States, not for Franklin Roosevelt.''  I have disagreed with Presidents of both parties since I have been here. I have agreed with President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, President Bush, and President Clinton. I have voted with each of these President's on occasions. I have voted against them on occasions. I felt it a privilege to meet with them and argue with them. I stated my position as clearly as I could, but always respectfully because of the office that they held--the same way those of us who have been lawyers, who have practiced, know the respect that we hold for the courts that we enter. We all rise. We say ``Your Honor,'' and so forth. We have done this not because we felt that every judge that ever appeared before us was the most brilliant person we have ever known, but we have done it because we know this is an institution that must be protected for the sake of our country. Our State courts must be protected for the sake of our States because without an independent judiciary, then our system of government all breaks down.  We looked, following the tragedy of Oklahoma City, at the trial that has just been completed, looked at a judge who commanded the respect of that courtroom. Both sides--the prosecution and the defense--knew the judge who ran that case. I contrast that to a case of a year ago where a judge allowed the case to just fall apart, and how much that damaged our judicial system. Then we go back to the Federal court and see a judge who knows that both sides will have their opportunity and their rights protected, and they will try this case. The lawyers on both sides knew and respected the Federal court. They knew that this was a case that would be handled under our judicial system, even one involving one of the most horrible acts, certainly the most horrible domestic act of my lifetime, and one of the most horrible domestic acts of this Nation's history. But because we can count on the Federal court, the whole Nation could watch, the whole Nation feeling the anguish that we all felt that terrible day in Oklahoma City. We could watch that court and know that our system works, that we could trust that system, because all of us--the distinguished Presiding Officer, myself, and every one of us who--have always protected the integrity of our courts.  Let us not do anything as Senators, for whatever short-term political gain, to tear apart the integrity of our courts. Let us work together and call on the distinguished majority leader, and those who make the decision of when these judges can come up, to work with all of us, not as Democrats nor as Republicans but as U.S. Senators, doing what is best for this Nation, what is best for our judiciary, what is best for our democracy, and what is best for the independence of our judiciary that has made us the great Nation that we are.  Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  