President, I commend the House Judiciary Committee and the House of Representatives for their consideration and passage of H.R. 911, the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997.  At the beginning of this month, the senior Senator from Georgia and I worked out a compromise version of the Volunteer Protection Act, S. 543. Our bipartisan legislation extended reasonable liability protection to individual volunteers for honest mistakes with no effect on liability of nonprofit organizations and governmental entities. The Coverdell-Leahy substitute offered liability protection for individuals who are volunteering to help others and acting in good faith and passed the Senate by a 99-1 vote.  I am pleased that the House Judiciary Committee adopted the Coverdell-Leahy substitute version of the Volunteer Protection Act at its mark-up of H.R. 911. During its consideration of H.R. 911, the House Judiciary Committee adopted two amendments that improve our legislation.  First, the House Judiciary Committee adopted an amendment by Representative Scott that applies the act's protection to conduct after the act's effective date. Prospective application makes sense since the act's passage will give notice to all parties of their new legal rights.  Second, House Judiciary Committee adopted an amendment by Representative Jackson-Lee that exempts members of hate groups from the liability protections in the bill. Although I amnot completely comfortable with the language of this amendment, its purpose is clear--to make sure that this legislation provides no protection whatsoever to anyone who is involved in a hate crime. I know that every one of my colleagues opposes hate groups and would not support liability protection for them and this amendment makes that explicitly clear.  I recommend that my colleagues review the House Judiciary Committee report on H.R. 911, House Report 105-101, for a section-by-section analysis and summary of the bill.  Although I support the Volunteer Protection Act, I realize that it is not perfect. I am troubled by its possible preemption of existing state law. While the bill's preemption provision has been significantly narrowed from the original version of S. 543, this legislation still preempts state laws that do not provide more protection for volunteers. If preemption occurs, State legislatures may pass legislation to opt out of the bill's coverage.  Rather than preempting some State laws, I would prefer that Congress offer Federal incentives to States to enact model language for limiting volunteer liability. Many States have already acted on this issue with at least 44 States having passed some protection for volunteers. If we can achieve the shared objective of protecting individual volunteers without preempting State tort law, I think we should be pursuing that route. That approach, however, was not acceptable to the majority.  I am also troubled by the manner that the Senate considered the Volunteer Protection Act. S. 543 was brought to the Senate floor without notice, without hearings and without a committee report. Although Senator Coverdell and I were able to work together to fashion a bipartisan bill, I believe that process would have been much easier had we gone through the normal process of considering the Volunteer Protection Act through the Senate Judiciary Committee.  Mr. President, I share a profound sense of gratitude and appreciation for the thousands of Vermonters and millions of volunteers nationwide whose selfless acts make the world a better place for us all. The people who spend their weekends preparing dinners for the homeless and poor, the parents who organize a carwash to raise money for the local PTA, the neighbors who donate to those displaced by flood, fire and other disasters--these generous acts of voluntarism and countless others are an essential element of the American social fabric.  The Presidents' Summit on America's Future last month in Philadelphia was a tribute to the spirit of American voluntarism and a magnifying glass that will help spark intensified efforts by all Americans to be better citizens and better neighbors; citizens who will be more willing to give of ourselves to make life better in our communities and nation. The events in Philadelphia were nonpartisan and inclusive of the interests of all. I am pleased that we in the Senate and House of Representatives were able to work in that spirit to craft bipartisan legislation that promotes the worthy goals of voluntarism in America.  I believe we are building on the success of the Presidents' Summit on America's Future by working together to pass a good bill that provides volunteers involved in the delivery of needed services with reasonable liability protection. I urge my colleagues to support S. 543, the Volunteer Protection Act.  