President, the successful adoption by the World Intellectual Property Organization [WIPO] of two new copyright treaties--one on written material and one on sound recordings--in Geneva last December was appropriately lauded in the United States. The WIPO Copyright Treaty and the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty will give a significant boost to the protection of intellectual property rights around the world, and stand to benefit important American creative industries--from movies, recordings, computer software and many other copyrighted materials that are subject to piracy on-line.  According to Secretary Daley of the Department of Commerce, for the most part, ``the treaties largely incorporate intellectual property norms that are already part of U.S. law.'' What the treaties will do is give American owners of copyrighted material an important tool to protect their intellectual property in those countries that become a party to the treaties. With an ever-expanding global marketplace, such international protection is critical to protect American companies and, ultimately, American jobs and the U.S. economy.  Over the past few months, I spoke and wrote to Secretary Daley urging him to transmit without delay the administration's proposal for implementing legislation. I am very pleased that earlier this week, the administration did so. The legislative package we received is an excellent start for moving forward, and I commend the administration, Secretary Daley and, in particular, Assistant Secretary Bruce Lehman of the Patent and Trademark Office for their hard work on this proposal.  I am glad to introduce this legislation, with Senator Hatch, on behalf of the administration. I hope we will take this matter up for hearings and further deliberation and action promptly after the recess.  In sum, this bill makes certain technical changes to conform our copyright laws to the treaties and substantive amendments to comply with two new Treaty obligations. Specifically, the treaties oblige the signatories to provide legal protections against circumvention of technological measures used by copyright owners to protect their works, and against violations of the integrity of copyright management information [CMI], which identifies a work, its author, the copyright owners and any information about the terms and conditions of use of the work. The bill adds a new chapter to U.S. copyright law to implement the anti-circumvention and CMI provisions, along with corresponding civil and criminal penalties.  Technological developments, such as the development of the Internet and remote computer information data bases, are leading to important advancements in accessibility and affordability of art, literature, music, film and information and services for all Americans. As Vinton Cerf, the coinventor of the computer networking protocol for the Internet, recently stated in The New York Times:       The Internet is now perhaps the most global and democratic      form of communications. No other medium can so easily render      outdated our traditional distinctions among localities,      regions and nations.  We see opportunities to break through barriers previously facing those living in rural settings and those with physical disabilities. Democratic values can be served by making more information and services available.  These methods of distribution also dramatically affect the role of copyright. Properly balancing copyright interests to encourage and reward creativity, while serving the needs of public access to works, can be a challenge. The public interest requires the consideration and balancing of such interests. In the area of creative rights that balance has rested on encouraging creativity by ensuring rights that reward it while encouraging its public performance, distribution and display.  I was glad to have played a role in the development and enactment of the Digital Performance Right in Sound Recording Act, Public Law 104-39. That legislation served in many respects as the precursor to the WIPO Treaty on performance rights adopted last December. Performance rights for sound recordings is an issue that has been in dispute for over 20 years. I was delighted in 1995 when we were finally able to enact a U.S. law establishing that right.  I believe that musicians, singers and featured performers on recordings ought to be compensated like other creative artists for the public performances of works that they create and that we all enjoy. I wanted companies that export American music not to be disadvantaged internationally by the lack of U.S. recognition of such a performance right. Most of all, I wanted to be sure that our laws be fair to all parties--to performers, musicians, songwriters, music publishers, performing rights societies, emerging companies expanding new technologies, and, in particular, consumers and the public.  I am glad to have been able to play a role in redesigning the performance right in sound recording law to meet these objectives. Our substitute, which was ultimately enacted, preserved existing rights, encouraged the development of new technologies, and promoted competition as the best protection for consumers. Working with Senator Thurmond, then chairman of the Antitrust Subcommittee, and with thehelp of the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, we were able to strengthen the bill in significant regard. I was pleased to cosponsor the substitute and to work for its passage.  I have also been supportive of copyright protection and anticircumvention legislation over the past several years and been working on ways to utilize copyright management information to protect and inform consumers.  I anticipate that at Judiciary Committee hearings on this important measure, we will examine the impact of the treaties and this implementing legislation, both domestically and internationally, on the careful balance we always strive to maintain between the authors' interest in protection along with the public's interest in the accessibility of information.  Ours is a time of unprecedented challenge to copyright protection. Copyright has been the engine that has traditionally converted the energy of artistic creativity into publicly available arts and entertainment. Historically, the Government's role has been to encourage creativity and innovation by protecting copyrights that create incentives for the dissemination to the public of new works and forms of expression. That is the tradition which I intend to continue.  