President, last night we finally broke through the stall and the Senate confirmed the nomination of Merrick Garland to be a judge on the United States Court of appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. During that extended debate on a nomination that had been delayed too long, I urged the Republican leadership to take up the nomination of Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.  I am encouraged that those who schedule matters in the Senate haveheard our plea and are finally willing to consider this nomination, as well. When we confirm Judge Kollar-Kotelly, we as a Senate will literally double the number of judges we have confirmed this year--from one to two. Unfortunately, there will still be 68 vacancies on the district courts around the country and a record 24 vacancies on the Federal courts of appeals.  Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly's nomination was first received from the President in March 1996 and was previously reported to the Senate in September 1996. This nomination was not acted upon before the adjournment of the 104th Congress. She was renominated on the first day of this Congress. her nomination was re-reported again without a single dissent from the Judiciary Committee 2 weeks ago. During that time there has been an anonymous Republican with an unspecified concern that has prevented this nomination from being considered. In other words, there is an unspecified hold.  Over the last 5 years, the District Court for the District of Columbia has been at full strength with 15 active judges for only about 6 months. The court has been operating with three vacancies for over a year and another judge is currently absent due to illness. I understand that the vacancies have been contributing to a rise in the backlog of civil and criminal cases pending before the court.  The criminal case backlog increased by 37 percent in 1996. So much for getting tough on criminals. We are fortunate to have senior judges who were willing and able to pitch in during these vacancy periods. Indeed, senior judges recorded one-third of the total court time spent by all judges in this district from July 1995 to June 1996. In the words of the court's chief judge: ``The Court cannot continue to rely on senior judges to bear this much of the caseload.'' I agree.  I thank the majority leader for agreeing to proceed to Senate consideration of Judge Kollar-Kotelly's nomination. And I thank Chairman Hatch of the Judiciary Committee for pressing forward with this important nomination.  The Senate has not been doing its job when it comes to considering and confirming nominations for judicial vacancies. I asked last night what justified the unconscionable delay in taking up Judge Garland's nomination, what fatal flaw in his character or fairness the Republicans had uncovered? I ask those questions again with respect to this nominee, a hard-working woman who has been serving on the superior court bench here in the District of Columbia for the last 13 years, having been appointed by President Ronald Reagan. The answer is the same: There is no explanation why she was not confirmed before now. She is another of the unlucky victims of the majority's shutdown of the confirmation process last year.  With respect to this nominee, I note that the ABA Standing Committee unanimously found her well qualified for this position, thereby giving her the ABA's highest rating. She has been an associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia since 1984 and has served as the deputy presiding judge of the Criminal Division.  Before that she was the chief legal counsel at Saint Elizabeths Hospital here in the District. She served as an attorney in the appellate section of the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice for almost 3 years.  She is a distinguished graduate of Catholic University and its Columbus School of Law. She clerked for the Honorable Catherine B. Kelly on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals. She has been active in bar associations and on numerous committees of the Superior Court.  I thank all Senators for confirming this nominee as a judge on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.  