President, we are, in some ways, an unprecedented country. No nation, no democracy has achieved the power that we have. In fact, in history, no country, democracy or otherwise, has had the great economy and the great power of the United States. But no other country has had a constitution like ours, a short constitution, a simple constitution, an understandable constitution. Since the Bill of Rights, it has only been amended 17 times. In one of those cases, it was amended for prohibition and then to repeal prohibition.  I mention this because I think there is a definite connection between the greatness of the United States, the fact that we maintain our democratic principles and, notwithstanding our enormous power, a respect for Government and a respect for our Constitution based on the knowledge of that Government and that Constitution and not because a dictator and army tell us we have to.  But that has meant that the men and women who have occupied these seats that we only temporarily occupy, the men and women who have occupied the seats in the other body that were only temporarily occupied, were wise enough--even though there were hundreds and hundreds of proposals over 200 years--were wise enough not to amend the Constitution willy-nilly, especially for those things that can be taken care of legislatively. As the President said last night, it only requires our vote and his signature for a balanced budget, not a constitutional amendment.  Our predecessors on both sides of the aisle and our predecessors on both sides of the aisle in the other body were wise enough to refrain, no matter how popular it sounded or no matter how much it helped them in their elections, from amending the Constitution willy-nilly, especially for those things they knew they could do legislatively.  It is one thing to amend the Constitution to limit the terms of Presidents or to set up successions when there is a vacancy in the Vice Presidency or the Presidency itself. Those are of constitutional import. But something we can do simply legislatively, why amend the Constitution? Let's not debase our national charter with a misguided political attempt to curry favor with the American people by this declaration against budget deficits. Let us not make the mistake of other countries and turn our Constitution into a series of hollow promises.  We are too great a nation for that. We are too great a democracy for that, and the loopholes in Senate Joint Resolution 1 already abound. One need only consult the language of the proposed amendment and majority report for the first sets of exceptions and creative interpretations that will allow Congress to reduce the deficit only so far as Members choose to cast responsible votes. The Judiciary Committee reports that the Congress will have flexibility in implementing the constitutional amendment. It will leave the critical details to implementing legislation.  This proposed constitutional amendment uses the seemingly straightforward term ``fiscal year.'' But according to the committee report, this time period can mean whatever a majority in Congress wants it to mean. It has no immutable definition. It may mean one thing this year, and we may decide the next year it means something else. It can be shifted around the calendar as Congress deems appropriate. Watch out for the shifting of fiscal years in order to juggle accounts when elections are approaching.  This proposed amendment gives congressional leeway to rely on estimates to balance the budget, to make temporary self-correcting imbalances and to ignore very small or negligible deficits. But what is temporary? What is self-correcting? What is small? What is negligible?  With apologies to one of our distinguished predecessors, the Senator from Illinois, Senator Everett Dirksen, a billion here, a billion there; after a while, it does not add up. This is a lawyer's dream.  What is negligible? We think a billion is negligible, and somebody sues, or a whole lot of people sue. My guess is that unless it becomes a political bone of contention between political parties as we approach an election, we could go a long time without Congress declaring itself in violation of this proposed amendment.  What happens if the President of the United States says, ``Well, here are my estimates. My estimates are we are going to receive x number of dollars and my estimates are we are going to spend x number of dollars,'' and it turns out he is wrong? What do we do? Sue him?  What happens if the Congress does the same thing? We estimate in our budget resolution we are going to receive x number of dollars and spend x number of dollars. What happens if we are wrong? Do all 535 Members go to jail or just those who voted for it?  This proposed constitutional amendment could be economically ruinous. During a recession, deficits rise because tax receipts go down. But various Government payments, like unemployment insurance, go up. By contrast, the amendment would demand the taxes be raised and spending be cut during a recession or depression. It is almost like when President Herbert Hoover, as we started into a slight recession, said the thing that would give the most confidence to the country would be to force through a balanced budget. He did, and we went through the worst depression in this century.  As Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin testified in the Judiciary Committee, ``the balanced budget amendment would turn slowdowns into recessions and recessions into more severe recessions or even depressions.''  Economic policy has to be flexible enough to change with a changing and increasingly global economy. But the requirements of this proposal would tie Congress' hands to address regional, national, and international problems. We should not hamstring the legislative power that is expressly authorized in article I, section 8, of the Constitution. Let us not undo that which our Founders wisely provided: flexibility.  This proposed constitutional amendment risks seriously undercutting the protection of our constitutional separation of powers. No one has yet convincingly explained how the proposed amendment would work and what role would the President play and what role would the courts play in its implementation and enforcement?  I can just see the new law school courses all over the country. How do you sue under the constitutional amendment?  When you put the budget in the Constitution, economic policy would inevitably throw the Nation's fiscal policy into the courts. That is the last place issues of taxing and spending should be decided. Basically what it does is it destroys this delicate balance between the three branches of government: the executive, the legislative, and the judicial.  I cannot understand why Members of Congress want to give up their powers to the judiciary, because the effect of the proposed amendment could be to toss important issues of spending priorities and funding levels to the President or to thousands of lawyers in hundreds of lawsuits in dozens of Federal and State courts.  If approved, the amendment would have let Congress off the hook by kicking massive responsibilities for how tax dollars are spent to unelected judges and the President. Judge Robert Bork warned of the danger more than a decade ago. Again, Mr. President, why--why--would we give up the constitutional powers we have had for 200 years and give them over to the courts who do not want them and have not asked for them?  So instead of creating future constitutional questions, let us do the job we were elected to do. Let us remember what the President said last night: You vote it, I sign it; we have a balanced budget. Simple as that. But it means we have to make the tough choices and cast the difficult votes and make progress toward a balanced budget.  I worry, Mr. President, that perhaps some, because it is a lot easier, just vote for a constitutional amendment which has huge popularity. It is a lot easier to do that than to vote against a whole lot of programs where your vote is not popular.  It is not popular to actually cast the votes to balance the budget. It is easy to cast the vote for the constitutional amendment. It is sort of like saying, ``I will vote today to eliminate cancer.'' Who disagrees with that? Or the person says, ``I'm against cancer. I don't want to give up smoking, but I'm against cancer.'' It is the difficult steps.  This proposed constitutional amendment undermines the fundamental principle of majority rule by imposing a three-fifths supermajority vote to adopt certain budgets and raise the debt limit.  Again, has anybody read a history book in this body? Has anybody found out how this country started? Go back to our Founders. Our Founders rejected such supermajority voter requirements on matters that are within Congress' purview. Alexander Hamilton described supermajority requirements as poison. I sometimes wonder if anybody around here even knows who Alexander Hamilton or Thomas Jefferson, George Washington or these people were.  Hamilton observed that:       Supermajority requirements serve to destroy the energy of      the Government and to substitute the pleasure, caprice or      artifices of an insignificant, turbulent or corrupt junto to      the regular deliberations and decisions of a respectable      majority.  These supermajority requirements are a recipe for increased gridlock, not more efficient action. If there are some in here who have not read The Federalist Papers, just recall the lessons of the last 2 years when the Government was shut down by a determined minority intent on getting its way. The Nation was pushed to the brink of default when a group pledged that, no matter what, they would not vote on raising the debt limit, they were going to let the Government be shut down. Whether it was political or they went out the wrong door in an airplane or whatever, they shut down the Federal Government.  That cost taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. It certainly cost everybody in private enterprise in this area, just about any area in the country, hundreds of millions of dollars more. We looked ridiculous to the rest of the world. But all because a minority made that determination.  Such supermajority requirements reflect a basic distrust, not just of Congress, but of the electorate itself. I reject that notion. I have faith in the electorate. I am prepared to keep faith with and in the American people.  Mr. President, we have also said that ``The devil is in the details.'' I believe Emerson first said that. The proposed constitutional amendment uses such general terms even its sponsors concede that implementing legislation will be necessary to clarify how it is going to work.  So we ask, what will the implementing legislation say? Well, we are not going to find out until we see the implementing legislation. Basically this says, ``Trust us. Pass this. And we'll tell you afterward what it means.'' That is kind of like somebody saying, ``I'll sell you this business. Would you sign this contract in blank? Give me all your money, but I will fill in the terms afterward.''  I am a Vermonter. We just do not quite do it that way back home. We trust each other, but we kind of like to see the details. The questions raised by this proposed constitutional amendment still lack satisfactory answers. For example, what programs are going to be off budget? What role will the courts and what role will the President have in executing and enforcing the amendment? How much of our constitutional power do we give up? What is really compliance with the amendment? How much of a deficit may be financed and then carried over to the next year? There are a lot of questions like these that are critical to our understanding of this amendment. And they have not been answered.  Should Congress be asked to amend the Constitution by signing what amounts to a blank check? I disagree with that. No Congress should be asked to do that. Nor should each State be asked to ratify a pig in a poke.  In the interest of fair disclosure, Congress should first determine the substance of any implementing legislation as it did in connection with the 18th amendment, the other attempt to draft a substantive behavioral policy into the Constitution. Let us go look at the implementing legislation first.  In my view, this amendment does not meet the requirements of article V of the Constitution for proposals to the States because it is not constitutionally necessary. It is only with resolve and hard work that we make progress. Neither is evident in the proposed constitutional amendment.  I have heard some of the speeches about why it would be good politics, popular politics to vote for this. Politics--good, popular or otherwise--have no place when we are dealing with the Constitution of the United States. We inherited a great legacy from those who went before us because they resisted the temptation to play politics and to amend our Constitution willy-nilly.  As a result, we are the greatest and strongest democracy history has ever known. The bedrock of it is our Constitution, which sets up three branches of Government, with powers that make sure there are checks and balances. This amendment destroys so much of what this country has rested on for over 200 years.  So instead of a bumper sticker for the Constitution, what we need is the wisdom to ask what programs we must cut, and the courage to explain to the American people that there is no procedural gimmick that can cut the deficit or the debt. There is no nice, easy self-serving item. There is only hard work. But I think the American people would rather have the hard work than have us fool around with our Constitution.  Yesterday the Wall Street Journal printed an editorial titled ``Constitutional boondoggle'' in its editorial page. The editorial says:       We do need to get the national debt declining . . .  I agree.       We do need to restrain federal spending.  Again, Mr. President, I agree.       We do need to resolve the Medicare crisis . . .  Mr. President, I agree.       We do need to look beyond the year 2002.  Mr. President, I agree. But then they said:       But these battles have to be fought one by one, and [they]      can't be solved by amending the Constitution.  Once again, Mr. President, I agree.  The Wall Street Journal editorial concludes:       The concept embodied in the proposed [constitutional]      amendment measures nothing useful; it is at best a      distraction, and at worst, causes confusion that makes the      right things harder to do, not easier.  I ask unanimous consent the Wall Street Journal editorial be printed in the Record immediately after my remarks.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Faircloth). Without objection, it is so ordered.  (See exhibit 1.)  