President, I am pleased to sponsor S. 170, the clone Pager authorization Act, and urge its speedy passage. This bill would enable law enforcement officers to gain quicker and easier access to an important investigatory tool, called a clone pager, which has proven invaluable in gathering evidence against gang members, drug traffickers and organized crime members.  I was pleased to have helped improve this bill from the version introduced in the last congress. We included it in the juvenile crime bill, S. 15, that I sponsored along with other Democratic Members on the first day of this session and which the Democratic leader designated among our top legislative priorities.  While pagers are, of course, used legitimately by millions of people, these devices are relied upon by gangsters and drug dealers to carry on their illicit business from roving offices that enable time to commit crimes no matter where they are at any time of day or night. Indeed, pagers are so popular among drug traffickers, these devices are considered a regular tool of the drug trade.  A clone pager is programmed identically to the pager used by a suspected criminal so that it displays the same numbers transmitted to, and displayed on, the suspect's pager. A law enforcement officer using the clone pager is thereby able to receive the identical pager message at the same time as the targeted criminal.  How does this help law enforcement? When a drug dealer moves about town conducting his illicit business, he can keep in constant touch with his criminal associates, including his drug suppliers and customers, by carrying a pager. Contacting the dealer wherever he may be is a simple matter of calling his pager. The drug dealer can then pull up to the nearest public telephone to return the call at the number displayed on his pager. A clone pager, which simultaneously displays the same call-back numbers received by the targeted drug dealer, alerts law enforcement officers to the telephone numbers used by the dealer's suppliers and associates, and through those numbers, their locations.  To determine the telephone numbers of associates called by, or calling to, a criminal suspect's land-line or cellular telephone, law enforcement officers use a pen register or trap and trace device. Yet, when criminals opt to conduct their business using pagers-- often times to thwart police surveillance--law enforcement officers must obtain authority under the wiretap law to use a clone pager. Even though clone pagers reveal essentially the same information about the telephone numbers of associates calling the suspect as do pen register and trap and trace devices, the procedures for wiretap authorization are significantly more complicated and more time--consuming than those to obtain authority foruse of pen register and trap and trace devices. The additional procedural hurdles necessary to use clone pagers benefit only the criminal.  This bill would permit law enforcement to use a clone pager based on the same form of court authorization necessary to use a pen register or trap and trace device. In fact, certain of the requirements for wiretap authorization simply make no sense when the investigatory tool being authorized is a clone numeric pager.  Thus, courts confronted with defense motions to suppress evidence derived from clone pagers for failure to comply with wiretap procedures have concluded that certain statutory requirements for wiretaps do not apply. For example, since clone numeric pagers do not reveal the content of any conversation or even whether any conversation actually occurred, courts have found that it is impossible to minimize clone numeric pager interceptions as is required for interceptions of wire, oral or electronic communications. See, e.g., U.S. v. Bautista, 1992 U.S. App. LEXIS 16829, 7 (4th Cir. 1992); U.S. v. tutino, 883 F.2d 1125, 1141 (2d Cir. 1989), cert. denied, 493 U.S. 1081 (1990) (``minimization requirements cannot reasonably be applied to clone beepers''); U.S. v. Gambino, 1995 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 10689, 7 (S.D.N.Y. 1995).  Furthermore, since the numbers captured from clone numeric pagers are usually manually, rather than electronically or mechanically, recorded by law enforcement officers, courts have concluded that the recordation and sealing requirements of the wiretap law have limited utility and refused to suppress for failure to comply with these requirements. U.S. v. Suarez, 906 F.2d 977, 984 (4th Cir. 1990) U.S. v. Paredes-Moya, 722 F. Supp. 1402, 1408 (N.D. Tex. 1989).  Instead of providing fodder for defense motions, the time is long overdue for Congress to apply common sense and require law enforcement to follow more appropriate procedures--no more and no less--to obtain authorization to use clone numeric pagers.  this bill would conform the requirements to obtain legal authorization for use of a clone pager to those for use of a pen register or trap and trace device. As one court recognized, ``[u]nlike telephone wiretaps, duplicate paging devices reveal only numbers, not the content of conversation. In this way they are similar to pen registers.'' U.S. v. Tutino, supra, 883 F.2d at 1141. Specifically, the bill would authorize a Federal court to issue an order authorizing the use of a clone numeric display pager to receive the communications intended for another such pager, upon certification of an attorney for the government or law enforcement officer that the information likely to be obtained is relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation.  This new authority would be limited to clone numeric display pagers, not more sophisticated pagers that transmit and receive written or oral textual messages. The only communications obtained from, and displayed on, clone numeric display pagers are numbers dialed into a telephone for transmission to the suspect's pager--just like the information obtained from a pen register or trap and trace device.  These numbers usually are callback telephone numbers, but may also include other incidental or coded numbers. Such incidental or coded numbers are also captured by pen register or trap and trace devices. The capturing of incidental or coded numbers by pen registers prompted Congress to require in the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act [CALEA] that technology ``reasonably available'' be used to restrict the recording or decoding of numbers to the ``dialing or signaling information utilized in call processing.'' 18 U.S.C. Sec. 3121(c).  Tone-only paging devices are already completely exempt from the wiretap law, as amended in 1986 by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act [ECPA]. The ECPA extended the protections of Title III of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (``Title III'') to unauthorized interceptions of ``electronic communications.'' My main purpose in sponsoring ECPA was, as the Senate Report indicates, ``to update and clarify Federal privacy protections and standards in light of dramatic changes in new computer and telecommunications technologies.'' S. Rep. No. 541, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 1, reprinted in 1986 U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News 3555, 3555. Alphanumeric display pagers, which visually display both numbers and letters, and sophisticated tone and voice pagers should, in my view, continue to be subject to the wiretap authorization procedures. The nature of the communication captured by numeric display pagers, however, is so akin to the information obtained by pen register and trap and trace devices, that the procedures and standards for their authorized use by law enforcement should be equalized.  As criminals use technological advances for their own ill purposes, Congress must continue, as we did with ECPA and CALEA, to give law enforcement the reasonable authority it needs to keep up, while protecting legitimate privacy interests. This bill does so, and I support its passage.  Passage of this bill will not mean the end of our work in this area, however. The judicial role in approving the use of pen register and trap and trace devices is severely limited and, in fact, relegates judges to merely a ministerial role. U.S. v. Fregoso, 60 F.3d 1314, 1320 (8th Cir. 1995); U.S. v. Hallmark, 911 F.2d 399, 402 (10th cir. 1990); In re Order Authorizing Installation of Pen Reg., 846 F. Supp. 1555, 1558-59 (M.D. Fla. 1994). The court's limited role is to confirm, first, the identity of the applicant and investigating law enforcement agency, and second, certification from the applicant that the information sought is relevant to an ongoing investigation. See 18 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 3121-3127.  Significantly, the judge is not authorized to review, let alone question, the basis for the relevancy determination. If the appropriate certification appears, the judge must authorize the pen register or trap and trace device. This is an anomalous limitation on the judicial role. While relevance to an ongoing criminal investigation remains an appropriate basis for use of a pen register or trap and trace device, Congress should reexamine the limitation on judicial authority to review this determination. This remains unfinished business.  