President, because of a meeting with the President and the Vice President, I was unable to be here for the opening of this bill, and I did want to make note of a couple items.  First, I do commend my friend from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, who has put together a bill which I believe both parties, both Republicans and Democrats, can and should support. I should note that last year the foreign operations bill passed the Senate by a vote of 93 to 7, which is pretty darned good for such a piece of legislation. This year's bill I think will pass by an even higher margin.  I thank the chairman of the full committee, Senator Stevens, and the senior Democrat on the committee, Senator Byrd, for providing us with an allocation that has made it possible to fund many of the administration's foreign policy priorities, in fact, most of the priorities of Members of the Senate, and that is extremely important as we go into conference with the other body.  For the past 3 years, Senator McConnell and I and Senator Lugar and others have argued that U.S. leadership costs money. Senator McConnell has fought efforts in the House to cut funding for programs that are vital to U.S. foreign policy and national security. I think all of us owe him a debt of gratitude for that. I take the attitude, which is the attitude of all Vermonters ahead of me, that in foreign policy matters especially we should try to develop bipartisanship. The distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia and the distinguished senior Senator from Alaska did that in developing the allocation in this bill. While I am the only Member of my party ever to be elected from the State of Vermont, I look back to distinguished predecessors as Senators from Vermont who always tried to develop that bipartisanship in foreign policy. This bill appropriates additional funds for development assistance in microenterprise, health and education, agriculture, and many other activities supported strongly on both sides of the aisle--a special fund for combating infectious diseases. I thank the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee for that.  This is an area that I was particularly concerned about. We have seen an alarming increase in TB and other diseases that were once thought to be under control, new viruses like Ebola. These pose a threat to America. You might ask what American interest is there in that in a foreign aid bill. It is very simple. These funds will help monitor and combat these diseases. A microbe does not stop at a border and get a visa before it moves on to the next country. Microbes and viruses, diseases, some of the most horrendous diseases known in our lifetime, traveled freely across borders.  In an era where a Member of Congress does much traveling, we see how people can be, for example, in Kenya and be back in Washington in a matter of long hours, but it is possible to travel that way, sometimes perhaps arriving even a few minutes later than they might have liked, but being able to arrive.  I should note for the Record that this reflects sort of a private joke between the distinguished Presiding Officer, my good friend, and myself. But the point is people do travel and, unlike the old days when you looked at a different continent one would never visit, now we go back and forth, and diseases do, too.  My wife, who works as a registered nurse, sees far, far more patients with TB today than she had seen a decade ago. We see far more diseases that we thought had disappeared popping up again. What we want to do is have money in here to help us monitor countries where these diseases are coming up, help the world organizations most involved in this to isolate and quarantine and help eradicate diseases before they travel into our country or other countries.  I also appreciate what has been done to fund IDA. Even though it is $950 million, it is close to and goes a long way toward meeting our past commitments. The same goes for UNICEF, a favorite organization of mine, and other U.N. agencies. We were able to provide $60 million for the global environment facility. The GEF plays a central role in protecting international waters and biodiversity, replacing ozone depletion. It is a step in the right direction. I would like to see a United States contribution to the African Development Fund. I would like to see more funds for voluntary peacekeeping, disaster relief programs.  There were some hard choices. I point out to people that most programs that did not receive full funding, and they are relatively few, were distributed fairly evenly across the various accounts here.  I have other areas of concern, and I will speak to those when the time comes.  I say only this in closing, Mr. President. We have a tremendous opportunity to influence economic and political events around the world, but diplomacy costs money. It is money to support programs that will in a very real way determine what kind of world our children's grandchildren live in. We are the most powerful nation in the world, the greatest democracy history has ever known, and we have a responsibility to the rest of the world because of that. We do not live in isolation, and this bill helps us say that.  Mr. President, I do not see others seeking the floor, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.  