President, I rise today in support of S. 927, the Ocean and Coastal Research Revitalization Act of 1997. Last year, Congress passed the National Invasive Species Act. S. 927 will enable colleges and universities across the country to address the goals of the National Invasive Species Act and will foster research on our marine and coastal resources. My amendment to include Lake Champlain as one of the Great lakes will allow Vermont colleges and universities to join the Sea Grant College Program and increase research on the many environmental threats to Lake Champlain.  A recent study shows that the zebra mussels have spread from 4 States in 1988 to 20 States this year. The zebra mussel is a prime example of what can happen when an exotic species is introduced into an environment where it has no natural predators. The zebra mussel, having hitchhiked over from Europe, is invading the far reaches of Lake Champlain at an alarming rate.  We Vermonters have come to think of it as great for many reasons though: Lake Champlain is vital both environmentally and economically to Vermont. Lake Champlain supports a watershed of over 8,200 square miles and an economy of over $9 billion in the region. In addition, the importance of Lake Champlain spreads throughout the Northeast, since residents of New England and the mid-Atlantic States cherish the lake and its resources for its recreational, ecological, and scenic values. Although Vermonters have always considered Lake Champlain the sixth Great Lake, this legislation will now officially recognize Lake Champlain as the sixth Great Lake under the Sea Grant Program.  This designation will allow colleges and universities in the Lake Champlain basin to become a Sea Grant college, enabling them to conduct vital research on the many invasive species threatening Lake Champlain, including zebra mussels, sea lampreys, Eurasian watermilfoil, and water chestnut. Inclusion in the National Sea Grant College Program would allow Vermont schools to focus greater attention on invasive species, but also would help Vermont and New York implement a number of the priorities identified in the Lake Champlain Basin Plan signed by our Governors this winter.  As the economic importance of the lake and the population of the Champlain Valley has grown, so have the environmental problems of Lake Champlain. One of the main environmental issues facing the lake is controlling pollution that flows into the lake. In particular, increases in the levels of phosphorus have turned parts of Lake Champlain green with algae. Runoff from farms and urban streets and treated water from sewage plants have caused this increase.  Historically, scientific efforts on Lake Champlain have lagged behind other regions with coastal waters of national significance. Although the University of Vermont was one of the original land grant colleges, it did not receive Sea Grant college status during the initial selections because the Sea Grant Program has been focused on areas with marine research needs. Since that time, several new Sea Grant designations were made to address critical issues facing the Great Lakes.  Lake Champlain plays an important role in the Great Lakes system, connected by hydrologic, geologic, and biological origins. The issues facing Lake Champlain represent the emerging issues facing the Great Lakes, such as nutrient enrichment, toxic contamination, habitat destruction, and fisheries issues. Allowing Vermont to participate in the Sea Grant Program would provide an opportunity for the State's scientists to compete for badly needed Federal dollars to support lake research.  The University of Vermont and other Vermont colleges are ideally situated to attain Sea Grant college status to work on Lake Champlain research. These researchers have been participating in lake research projects over the past several years, pulling together limited funding from numerous sources. Designation as a Sea Grant college will remedy this situation. Vermont will be able to improve the long-term water quality and biological monitoring on Lake Champlain. This monitoring is critical to determine the success of management actions outlined in the Lake Champlain Basin Plan. The Sea Grant Program would enable Vermont to track toxic substances in the water, sediment, air and biota and invasive species.  I want to thank my colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe, and her staff for their assistance in increasing attention to the environmental issues in Lake Champlain.  