President, I also have great affection and respect for the Senator from Nevada. I know to err is human and to forgive divine. While I make no claims of divinity, I forgive him for his position on this.  I also point out both the distinguished Senator from Nevada and the distinguished Senator from Utah are two of the hardest working Members of this body. In their debate, they have been strong and forthright, as has the distinguished Presiding Officer, who made his first speech on the Senate floor on this issue. I noted at that time, so many times when one gives his or her first speech on the floor it is on an inconsequential item. This time, it was one of the most important items that the distinguished Presiding Officer will have a chance to debate during his tenure in this body.  I say this because I think during the past weeks of debate, all of us, Republicans and Democrats, have tried to fulfill our responsibility as one of the two Houses of Congress to create a full and fair record. Sometimes it may have seemed tiring, for the distinguished Senator from Utah and myself, as floor managers, to be here. But the more we have listened, the more we have realized that this is one of those issues where a strong and full debate record has been made. Even if those of us who have been here may not realize that at this moment, certainly historians will.  I believe most of the men and women in this body, in both parties, have approached this historic debate with a seriousness the consideration of a constitutional amendment requires. Every one of us should pause and think: We vote either to amend the Constitution or not to amend the Constitution. With the exception of a vote to declare war or with the exception of one or two other areas, I cannot think of anything that approaches the seriousness of voting on a constitutional amendment. No Member of the Senate should take that lightly. All Members of the Senate should think they may only once in their lifetimes actually have a vote that will determine whether the long and almost sacred process of amending our Constitution begins. So we should think long and hard how we vote.  Those of us who expressed our reluctance to amend the Constitution, for this or many other issues, have at least said, if we are going to amend the Constitution, let us make sure the amendment is as good as can be written.  We have offered serious and substantial amendments to this proposal. I believe the amendments that we have offered--all from this side of the aisle--have revealed serious and substantial flaws in this proposed change to our Constitution.  What has bothered me in this debate is instead of addressing these serious and substantial flaws, instead of acknowledging what writers outside the Senate have acknowledged, that the proposed change to the Constitution is flawed, but instead of addressing the substantial flaws, the sponsors of the resolution have proceeded with a no-amendment strategy, in which they have failed to consider the merits of the amendments. I think there was an up-or-down vote only one of the amendments. The others were all tabled. The sponsors of this proposed constitutional amendment have taken the unyielding position that no changes in the language are acceptable.  I cannot think of an instance that a major and contentious issue has reached the Senate floor where Members have not realized, before its conclusion, that there may well have to be some changes. During the weeks of debate on Senate Joint Resolution 1, this no-amendment strategy has been a disappointment to many, certainly to the senior Senator from Vermont. I do not believe this is the way to debate an amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Both proponents and opponents of this proposed constitutional change should be searching for the bestlanguage possible to propose to the States.  My own feelings, as a Member of the U.S. Senate, is that if this is going to pass, let it at least pass in the best possible form. Today, it is a long way from that.  As the distinguished Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Torricelli], said, ``Good is simply not good enough when we are amending the Constitution of the United States.''  Frankly, Mr. President, constitutional amendments are held to a higher standard. The perfecting and substitute amendments offered during the debate on this amendment showed the serious and substantial flaws, and I will recall a few of them.  I will continue speaking. I have already talked with my good friend from Utah about when a Member on the other side comes and seeks recognition, I will, of course, yield for him or her to speak. But while waiting for that, let me talk about a few of these amendments.  We had the Durbin amendment. The distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr. Durbin], offered the first amendment during our debate, and it highlighted the fact that Senate Joint Resolution 1 is unsound economic policy. What he did in his amendment would have allowed us to waive this article by majority vote in the event of an economic recession or a serious economic emergency.  His amendment had the underpinning of the statements of more than a thousand of the Nation's most respected economists, including at least 11 Nobel laureates and the former chairman of President Nixon's Council of Economic Advisers, the current and former Federal Reserve Board Chairman, the former Democratic and Republican directors of the Congressional Budget Office. All agreed that the underlying resolution, Senate Joint Resolution 1, was unsound economic policy. They all agreed that it would hamper the Government's ability to cope with economic downturns.  Treasury Secretary Rubin, one of the most respected Treasury Secretaries I have served with in my 22 years here, testified before the Judiciary Committee:       A balanced budget amendment would subject the Nation to      unacceptable economic risk in perpetuity. This balanced      budget amendment could turn slowdowns into recessions and      recessions into more severe recessions or even depressions.  I think of the history books that tell us that as the United States was going into its greatest depression, President Herbert Hoover, wanting to give credibility to the American people and hope to them, instituted a balanced-budget policy. It was like throwing gasoline on to the smoldering embers of an embryonic depression, and what might have been only a slight recession became a depression that destroyed the hopes and dreams of many of our parents and grandparents. It was a depression that wreaked the greatest havoc in the lives of American people in this century. It was a depression that caused great migration of people from various parts of our country, nearly wreaked our farm economy, our agrarian economy, and destroyed the hopes and dreams of families in every part of America.  What we have done now is say if your State or region is hit by a major recession or emergency that a minority of Senators or a minority of Representatives could stop a Federal response to that major recession or emergency. Although the sponsors of this measure repeatedly outline the dangers of a budget deficit, they fail to address how the proposed constitutional amendment will provide for the flexibility needed in economic downturns without holding working families in hard-hit regions hostage to a supermajority vote. Senator Durbin's amendment would have restored that flexibility by requiring a majority vote to respond to economic recessions and emergencies.  But the sponsors and proponents of Senate Joint Resolution 1 opposed the Durbin amendment. The sponsors and proponents of the underlying resolution did not offer alternative language to address the real economic concerns surrounding Senate Joint Resolution 1. Instead, with lockstep voting, they defeated the Durbin amendment by a vote of 64 to 35. Having forced this effort to be tabled on February 10, and they rejected the Torricelli amendment on February 26, the Republican leadership hinted this weekend that they are now themselves finally considering an amendment along these lines but have not brought one forward.  It is ironic, last Friday, the Senate passed an air ticket tax--they reinstated one that had lapsed--imposed a significant tax without a recorded vote by unanimous consent. I wonder whether the proponents of the provisions of the underlying resolution would draft in the Constitution a requirement that such measures only be passed by a constitutional majority after a recorded vote. In this body the majority leader called up the matter, and, in moments, it was done. I am not suggesting it should not have been done, but it is also reality. This is a significant tax. It is a significant tax from which the American people benefit. Hopefully, it will make our airports safer, air traffic more efficient and safer, and we benefit by it. But it was not reinstated with a recorded vote.  I withhold the remainder of my time. Mr. President, I had other amendments I was going to speak to, but I see the distinguished Senator from Maryland on the floor who is seeking time. How much time does the Senator from Maryland want?  