President, this amendment applies to only a few States that have been found liable for violations of civil rights or constitutional rights of prisoners in their prisons before enactment of the Prison Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There are about 35 special masters supervising prison conditions that might be affected by this amendment, although the Administrative Office of the Courts expects that number to be reduced to 28 by October 1.  Why should Congress and Federal taxpayers be required to bail out these few States for their poor prison conditions, unconstitutional treatment, and history of noncompliance with their own consent decrees?  The Congressional Budget Office and Administrative Office of the Courts estimate that this amendment will cost the Federal Treasury about $3 million this year. Why should U.S. taxpayers bail out a few States for one of the costs of bringing their state prison conditions up to constitutional standards? Will we next be asked to pay for the other remedial aspects of the decrees that have been agreed to by State officials? If States want flexibility to use some of the billions of dollars for prisons that the Federal Government has made available to the States since passage of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to help defray these costs and expenses, I would support that.  This amendment raise constitutional concerns because it retroactively and statutorily seeks to overturn consent decrees where States have agreed to foot the bill for a special master to monitor their poor prison conditions and implementing remedies to bring them up to constitutional standards. Why should Congress overturn decrees already agreed to by the States involved in these lawsuits over poor prison conditions? Why should Congress intervene when these matters are already being reviewed by newly assigned judges in these cases?  The Prison Litigation Reform Act, which was included in last year's omnibus spending bill, has been construed by the courts not to be retroactive in order for it not to be held unconstitutional. This amendment crosses that line and seeks to extend certain questionable provisions of that law back in time and have them apply to cases that it was not designed or intended to cover. It will lead to additional constitutional challenges.  This amendment would bail out a few States by taking money from the Federal Judiciary's administrative account. That account pays for improvements in computers in courtrooms, teleconferencing, and other services that make the administration of justice more effective and efficient. Why are we taking money away from improving the administration of justice to bail out these few States?  