President, I sometimes think that those who are scheming for an independent counsel for this and an independent counsel for that, counsel that often cost $20 or $30 million of the taxpayers' money, and millions of dollars more of individuals' money, have not bothered to stop and think what they are asking for. It may be good for the evening news and may make a Member of the House or Member of the Senate feel good because his or her name gets in the paper, but does it really help this country?  In fact, some might ask about this rush to come on the floor Friday, the steady stream of my friends on the Republican side of the aisle who blast the President and tear after the President. I am surprised they did not say, ``Why don't we double-check with Bethesda as to what time he will actually be in surgery so maybe we could go on recess or go to our own fundraisers at that time and then come back and make sure he sees just how we are tearing him apart.''  I suggested half joking on Friday that they would set aside another $1 million that we could appropriate of the taxpayers' money to send a delegation of Members up to Bethesda to make sure, indeed, he was being operated on. It was about that ridiculous.  I first came to the Senate at a time when Democrats and Republicans showed some respect for whoever was holding the office of President of the United States and had some realization that the person serving as President, like the rest of us, is a human being and an individual. Yet, I have heard Members on this floor pillory the President, pillory his wife, his child, even at times his mother and others, as though somehow they don't have feelings. I have heard things said about him that, if we said them about each other, we could be censured by the Senate--even though some of the things said may be more applicable to some in this body.  I remember a time, a time when the Democrats were in the majority, since I have been here, when an issue was coming up, for example, about President Ford on personal issues. We held off--maybe he was taking a trip abroad--and we held off on issues.  The same with President Reagan. Again, when the Democrats were in the majority in the Senate, we would hold off issues of criticism of the President as he was about to leave to go abroad.  The same with President Bush.  Yet, here we have the President of the United States, who has just undergone what I have to imagine is extremely painful surgery--the Presiding Officer would be able to understand that better than I because of his own distinguished medical background. I think by all accounts it was a very painful situation. They tell me tearing a tendon is more painful than breaking your leg. I know, from some of my colleagues here who have torn Achilles tendons, or others, have told me that is so.  Here he is, the President of the United States, undergoing very painful surgery. But notwithstanding the pain he must be in, because of the importance of the relationship between the United States and the world's other major nuclear power, Russia, he is going forward with his summit meeting with President Yeltsin. The President, who is going to be traveling very painfully to Helsinki--whether it is Air Force One or not. I have ridden enough times on Air Force One with various Presidents to know Air Force One can hit turbulence, too, and bounce you all around. It will be a painful trip.  None of this seems to make any difference. They still proceed on the floor, Friday and today, blasting the President with resolutions and statements. This timing ensures, of course, that all this will be in the world's press, in Helsinki and elsewhere, just in time to be delivered to all those in the Russian party when he arrives.  Mr. President, I don't know if the Senate is just spinning out of control without any sense of propriety or decorum. Perhaps, at the age of 56, I have become the old-fashioned Member of the Senate. But I have been here for 22 years, and whether it was in my first year as a 34-year-old former prosecutor or now as a 56-year-old senior Member of the Senate, I do know that we have followed a tradition of some propriety in this body.  We have done that time and time again. We have withheld resolutions, questions or disapproval of a President when he was leaving to go abroad or was abroad so we could at least present a united face to the rest of the world.  Yet, I have heard Members come on the floor and make highly critical statements of President Clinton when he has been at summit meetings overseas, statements that had to be read by all the people with him from around the world. That, I think, was unseemly. Just as I believe having this resolution at this time at the beginning of the Helsinki summit is highly insulting, shows no sense on the part of the U.S. Senate and, frankly, of those who brought it forward at this time, of the kind of image we should give the rest of the world.  I am not suggesting by any means that we cannot question the President of the United States. I have done it, other Members have done it, both this President and other Presidents. That is perfectly appropriate under our separation of powers and under our duties as Members of the Senate.  But I suggest that there are certain times when, by tradition--and a tradition that has served this country very well--that we at least back off and show some unity. One such time, just out of a sense of common decency and perhaps upbringing, would be when the President is in the hospital recuperating from a fairly painful and serious injury. One would think that we would not see this happening in the U.S. Senate. I question what we are coming to.  But by tradition, by a sense of propriety, and by a sense of Senators putting their country ahead of their political partisan posturing, we have at least held off at the beginning of a foreign trip by a President or at the beginning of a summit.  Mr. President, I was thinking of this matter this morning as I was coming to work. Comments were made to me over the weekend while I was home in Vermont by a number of people who are not Democrats, who thought that it was unseemly. I have not talked with anyone at the White House about thisor anybody in my leadership or anybody in my office. This is simply something I started thinking about. It bothers me that we have reached the point where we are not showing the sense of history in this body that has served the Senate very well in the past, and has also served the country well.  I urge those who determine the timing of issues before the Senate to take some time during the Senate recess and read a history of the Senate and read a history of the actions of the great leaders of the Senate, Republican and Democrat alike--and we have had great leaders in both parties. Read about the number of times when they have put the United States ahead of their own partisan fortunes, when they have put the United States ahead of their own ability to be in the news, and, frankly, when they realized that the U.S. Senate can be and should be the conscience of the Nation. We should uphold that conscience of the Senate so that the Senate can be the conscience of the Nation.  With some in this body, it will be a rereading of the history of the Senate. Frankly, Mr. President, one has to assume that for some, it will be a reading of the history of the Senate, and that perhaps in all their efforts to get here, the time-consuming and difficult chore that is, they did not have a chance to read the history of the U.S. Senate before they arrived. But now is as good a time as any. There is going to be a 2-week recess, and that should allow some time to read it. Senators cannot be at fundraisers all of the time during that recess. Read over the history.  I urge the leaders, those who determine the schedule of this place, that in the future, when the President is about to embark on a major summit, in this case with the other major nuclear power of the world, that they not bring up resolutions designed to embarrass him, designed actually to be voted on the day that he would arrive. As it turns out, it won't be, because he is delayed by a day because of his injury.  We are not playing school-board politics here. We are not some small-town board. This is the U.S. Senate. There are only 100 of us who get the opportunity to serve at any one time, but we represent a quarter of a billion people in the greatest, most powerful democracy history has ever known. I think we all know that. It doesn't matter whether we are Republican, Democrat; conservative, liberal, moderate; no matter what part of this country we are from; we know, instinctively, that we represent the greatest democracy history has shown.  But instinctively knowing and diligently upholding the responsibility of U.S. Senators to represent that Nation are two different things. If Members want to criticize the President, that is their right. If they want to embark on another investigation, like the rather pointless one the Senate already has, Whitewater--pointless, except for the fact it cost the taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars--fine, they have a right to do that. But at least let's make an effort to present a united face when the President of the United States goes abroad on a major summit. At least give the President of the United States as much backing as possible when he is representing all the United States--not Democrats, not Republicans--all the United States.  I am reminded of a story my father had told me many times about my State, which for many years was the most Republican State in this country. In fact, after 22 years as a U.S. Senator from Vermont, I am still the only member of my party ever to represent Vermont in the U.S. Senate. In fact, we are the only State in the Union that has only elected one Democratic Senator, and I am it. Sorry about that, Mr. President, but it happens.  My father told me how the National Life Insurance Co. in the thirties and forties, basically ran the Republican Party in Vermont. They determined every 2 years who was going to be Governor. You had to be very much a Republican.  In the late thirties--I believe it was 1937--Franklin Roosevelt came to Vermont to look at some flood control projects. He was driving down State Street in Montpelier, past our statehouse and past the National Life Insurance building--they were two separate buildings, although it was sometimes hard to tell which was which--in an open car. My father, the lone Democrat in Montpelier, was standing there, as chance would have it, next to the president of National Life who was then the de facto chairman of the Vermont Republican Party. As the open car went by with Franklin Roosevelt in it, the men all stood at attention and the president of National Life, like all the other men, took his hat off--they all wore hats then--and held it over his heart as President Roosevelt drove by. My father could not resist the temptation to chide him a little bit then, and he said, ``I can't believe you took your hat off for Franklin Roosevelt.'' The president of National Life replied, ``Howard, I didn't take my hat off for Franklin Roosevelt. I took my hat off for the President of the United States.''  What he did was show respect. Respect does not have to be blind. It does not mean we do not question things here. We have great respect on the Democratic side of the aisle for the Republican leadership, just as I would hope they would for the Democratic leadership. But it does not mean we vote with them all the time, by any means. There is a difference.  We show respect in this body, just following Jefferson's Manual, by the way we address each other. It does not mean we agree. We might be fighting hammer and tong, but we say ``my distinguished colleague,'' and so on and so forth.  We should show respect to the President of the United States when he is going abroad to represent every single American. We are the only country left on Earth that still does have the ability to destroy the world overnight with nuclear power.  Every one of us on this floor, especially every Democrat on this floor, always showed that respect for President Reagan when he was in similar situations, and for President Bush.  I see the distinguished senior Senator from Massachusetts on the floor. He has served here longer than all but a couple of Members. I think the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts is one who would well remember both Republican and Democratic members of the Senate and the House showed some restraint and unity with them.  This resolution could easily be brought up after the President came back, or any other time. There is absolutely no urgency to bring it up now. But it is brought up on the eve of his trip to Helsinki to have a summit meeting with the President of Russia.  Mr. President, frankly, in my estimation, this is a new low for the U.S. Senate. In my estimation, this is something I have never seen happen here before. In my estimation, those who determined to bring this resolution up at the beginning of the Helsinki summit ought to be ashamed of themselves. They ought to admit they are ashamed of themselves and put it off for another time.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  