President, I note that we are soon going to vote on the nomination of Charles J. Siragusa to be a judge of the U.S. district court for the Western District of New York.  The judge has the highest rating possible from the ABA. He was unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee. He was a prosecutor. I commend him and the others.  This morning the majority leader has decided to call up the nomination of Charles Siragusa to the U.S. District Court for the Western District of New York. I expect this rollcall vote to be much like the last seven in which a unanimous Senate approves a well-qualified judicial nomination.  As I stated, Judge Siragusa received the highest rating possible from the ABA. He was unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee along with others who remain on the Senate calendar awaiting action. He is supported by Senators Moynihan and D'Amato.  Judge Siragusa served as an assistant district attorney for the Monroe County district attorney's office in Rochester, NY, for 15 years from 1977 to 1992 and is currently a judge on the New York State Supreme Court. He has been the recipient of numerous legal awards, including the 1996 RecognitionAward from the Monroe County Magistrates Association. He has served as a volunteer member of the Families and Friends of Murdered Children and Victims of Violence advisory board since 1995.  I congratulate Judge Siragusa, his wife and family on this day and look forward to his service on the U.S. district court.  But I would also note, we had time set aside for debate on this. And we continue to have judges who are held up silently, and then we cannot vote on them.  Margaret Morrow of California is an example of this. We have spent far more time on quorum calls this year than we have on any debate of Margaret Morrow, except that we find Senators who have press conferences saying that she should not be confirmed or could not be confirmed or will not be confirmed--but nobody wants to bring her nomination to a vote.  She, like the judge we will soon confirm, is an extraordinarily well-qualified nominee. She does have one difference. She is a woman. And I do not know why this woman, who has been the president of the California Bar Association, one of the most prestigious positions any lawyer has ever received, as well as the L.A. bar, why this woman is continuously blocked.  Frankly, I could find no other reason than her gender. And I think it is shocking. I think it is a shame.  While I am encouraged that the Senate is today proceeding with the confirmation of a judicial nominee, there remains no excuse for the Senate's delay with respect the more than 50 other judicial nominations sent by the President. The Senate should me moving more promptly to fill the vacancies plaguing the federal courts. Twenty-three confirmations in a year in which we have witnessed 115 vacancies is not fulfilling the Senate's constitutional responsibility.  At the end of Senator Hatch's first year chairing the Committee, 1995, the Senate adjourned having confirmed 58 judicial nominations and leaving only 49 vacancies. This year the Senate has confirmed less than half of the number confirmed in 1995 but will adjourn leaving almost twice as many judgeships vacant.  At the snail's pace that the Senate is proceeding with judicial nominations this year, we are not even keeping up with attrition. When Congress adjourned last year, there were 64 vacancies on the Federal bench. In the last 10 months, another 50 vacancies have occurred. Thus, after the confirmation of 23 judges in 10 months, there has been a net increase of 28 vacancies, an increase of almost 50 percent in the number of current Federal judicial vacancies.  Judicial vacancies have been increasing, not decreasing, over the course of this year and therein lies the vacancy crisis. The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court has called the rising number of vacancies ``the most immediate problem we face in the Federal judiciary.''  I have commended Senator Hatch for scheduling 2 days of confirmation hearings for judicial nominees this week. Unfortunately, that brought to only eight the total number of confirmation hearings for judicial nominees held all year, not even one a month.  The Judiciary Committee still has pending before it over 30 nominees in need of a hearing from among the 73 nominations sent to the Senate by the President during this Congress. From the first day of this session of Congress, this committee has never had pending before it fewer than 20 judicial nominees for hearings. The committee's backlog had doubled to more than 40.  There is no excuse for the Judiciary Committee's delay in considering the nominations of such outstanding individuals as Professor William A. Fletcher, Judge James A. Beaty, Jr., Judge Richard A. Paez, Ms. M. Margaret McKeown, and Ms. Susan Oki Mollway, to name just a few of the outstanding nominees who have all been pending all year without so much as a hearing. Professor Fletcher and Ms. Mollway had both been favorably reported last year. Judge Paez had a hearing last year but has been passed over so far this year. Professor Fletcher, Judge Paez and Ms. McKeown are all nominees for judicial emergency vacancies on the Ninth Circuit, as well.  The committee still has pending before it 10 nominees who were first nominated during the last Congress, including five who have been pending since 1995. Thus, while I am delighted that we are moving more promptly with respect to certain nominees, I remain concerned about all vacancies and all nominees.  Since no regular executive business Meeting of the Judiciary Committee was held this week and none has yet been noticed for next week, which may be our last before adjournment, the committee may not have an opportunity to report any of the 13 fine judicial nominees who participated in hearings this week or the nominations of Clarence Sundram or Judge Sonia Sotomayor or, for that matter, the nomination of Bill Lee to be Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division.  I have urged those who have been stalling the consideration of these fine women and men to reconsider and to work with us to have the committee and the Senate fulfill its constitutional responsibility. Those who delay or prevent the filling of these vacancies must understand that they are delaying or preventing the administration of justice. Courts cannot try cases, incarcerate the guilty or resolve civil disputes without judges. The mounting backlogs of civil and criminal cases in the dozens of emergency districts, in particular, are growing more critical by the day.  A good example of the continuing stall is the long-pending nomination of Margaret Morrow. The extremist attacks on Margaret Morrow are puzzling--not only to those of us in the Senate who know her record but to those who know her best in California, including many Republicans. They cannot fathom why a few Senators have decided to target someone as well-qualified and as moderate as she is.  Anthony Lewis asked the question in a column in The New York Times earlier this week: ``Why [are some] trying to frighten conservatives with talk of nonexistent liberal activist Clinton judges?'' Those who start a witch hunt, want to find a witch--even if they have to contort the facts and destroy a good person in the process. That seems to be what is going on with this nomination as opponents of this administration are seeking to construct a straw woman in the place of the real Margaret Morrow. She does not subscribe to an activist judicial philosophy and I am confident that as a district court judge would apply the law consistent with precedents established by the U.S. Supreme Court, the court of appeals and judicial precedent.  With respect to the issue of judicial activism, we have the nominee's views. She told the committee: ``The specific role of a trial judge is to apply the law as enacted by Congress and interpreted by the Supreme Court and courts of appeals. His or her role is not to `make law.''' She also noted:       Given the restrictions of the case and controversy      requirement, and the limited nature of legal remedies      available, the courts are ill equipped to resolve the broad      problems facing our society, and should not undertake to do      so. That is the job of the legislative and executive branches      in our constitutional structure.  Margaret Morrow was the first woman president of the California Bar Association and also a past president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association. She is an exceptionally well-qualified nominee who is currently a partner at Arnold & Porter and has practiced for 23 years. She is supported by Los Angeles' Republican Mayor Richard Riordan and by Robert Bonner, the former head of DEA under a Republican administration. Representative James Rogan attended her second confirmation hearing to endorse her.  Margaret Morrow has devoted her career to the law, to getting women involved in the practice of law and to making lawyers more responsive and responsible. Her good works should not be punished. Her public service ought not be grounds for delay. She does not deserve this treatment. This type of treatment will drive good people away from Government service.  The president of the Woman Lawyers Association of Los Angeles, the president of the Women's Legal Defense Fund, the president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, the president of the National Conference of Women'sBar Association and other distinguished attorneys from the Los Angeles area have all written the Senate in support of the nomination of Margaret Morrow. They write that: ``Margaret Morrow is widely respected by attorneys, judges and community leaders of both parties.'' She ``is exactly the kind of person who should be appointed to such a position and held up as an example to young women across the country.'' I could not agree more.  This nomination has been pending since May 9, 1996. No one can blame President Clinton for the delay in filling this important judgeship. Within 4 months of Judge Gadbois' disability, the President had sent Margaret Morrow's name to the Senate. She had a confirmation hearing and was unanimously reported to the Senate by the Judiciary Committee in June 1996. This was one of a number of nominations caught in the election year shutdown and was not called up for Senate consideration during the rest of that year.  She was renominated on January 7, 1997, the first day of this session of Congress. She had her second confirmation hearing in March. She was then held off the judiciary agenda while she underwent rounds of written questions. When she was finally considered on June 12, she was again favorably reported with the support of Chairman Hatch. She has been left pending on the Senate Executive Calendar for more than 4 months and been passed over, again and again.  Senator Hatch noted in a Senate floor statement on September 29 that he continues to support the nomination of Margaret Morrow and that he will vote for her. He said:       I have found her to be qualified and I will support her.      Undoubtedly, there will be some who will not, but she      deserved to have her vote on the floor. I have been assured      by the majority leader that she will have her vote on the      floor. I intend to argue for and on her behalf.  Yesterday Senators Ashcroft and Sessions held a press conference in which they noted their opposition to this nomination. I am glad that the secret holds that had prevented the consideration of this nomination are now over and urge the majority leader to proceed to call up this nomination for a debate and vote without further delay. This is the U.S. Senate, once the greatest deliberative body in the world and the conscience of the Nation. We should proceed to debate this nomination and vote.  Every Senator is free to vote for or against a nominee. What I have not appreciated is the mysterious hold over nominations for months at a time. Now that the sources of the hold have come forward, the Senate should proceed to debate and vote.  I do not oppose a recorded vote on Margaret Morrow any more than I opposed a recorded vote on Frank J. Siragusa, or Algenon Marbley, or Katherine Sweeney Hayden, or Janet C. Hall, or Christopher Droney, or Joseph F. Bataillon, or Frank M. Hull, or Henry Harold Kennedy, Jr., or Merrick B. Garland. In fact, on the last seven roll call votes on judicial nominees preceded that this morning, there has been a cumulative total of one negative vote by a single Senator on one of those seven nominees. Six judges were confirmed by unanimous roll call votes and one was confirmed 98 to one.  Meanwhile, while the Senate fiddles, the people served by the District Court for the Central District of California continue to suffer the effects of this persistent vacancy, one of the dozens of judicial emergency vacancies being perpetuated around the country. This nomination has been held up so long that the vacancy has now extended to more than 18 months and is designated a judicial emergency vacancy by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts.  This is a district court with over 300 cases that have been pending for longer than three years and in which the time for disposing of criminal felony cases and the number of cases filed increased over the last year. Judges in this district handle approximately 400 cases a year, including somewhere between 40 and 50 criminal felony cases. Still this judicial vacancy is being perpetuated by the refusal to vote on this well-qualified nominee.  I fear that the nomination of Margaret Morrow has become a fund raising ploy for the extreme right wing. This past weekend we learned that a $1.4 million fund raising and lobbying effort is underway to try to perpetuate the judicial vacancy crisis and continue the partisan and ideological stall on Senate consideration of much-needed judges.  I understand that big donors are solicited with promises of intimate dinners with leading conservative elected and public figures closely involved with the judicial confirmation process and that Senators appear on a videotape being used as an integral part of this opposition effort.  Those pressing this effort complain about what they see as the failure of the U.S. Senate to block the appointment of judges to the Federal bench. The American people, litigants, prosecutors, and judges have just the opposite complaint--that the perpetuation of judicial vacancies is affecting the administration of justice and rendering our laws empty promises.  It is sad that this effort is premised on the slanted portrayal of decisions, many of which were decided by judges appointed by Republican Presidents. I have spoken before about the dangers of characterizing isolated decisions to stir up anger against the judiciary. Short-term monetary or political gain is not worth the price.  This fund raising campaign seems to extend back over the course of the year but has only become public with reports in the Los Angeles Times and New York Times over last weekend. Those who delight in taking credit for having killed, judicial nominees last year continue their misguided efforts to the detriment of effective law enforcement and civil justice. This extreme right-wing fund raising campaign to kill qualified judicial nominations is wrong.  Targeting such a well-qualified nominee as Margaret Morrow is an example of just how wrong this scheme is. I believe all would agree that it is time for the full Senate to debate this nomination and vote on it. I understand that Senator Ashcroft welcomed such a debate at his press conference yesterday. I have looked forward to that debate for some time. I ask again, as I have done repeatedly over the last several months, why not now, why not today, why not this week?  I yield the floor.  