President, for those who are planning schedules, I do not expect to take long, but I will speak about an issue that I have talked about many times, the issue of landmines, something, I must admit, I think about in waking hours and sometimes in my dreams.  There was an ad in yesterday's Roll Call newspaper. It said:       There's just one problem with President Clinton's      ``landmine ban.'' . . . It doesn't ban landmines.  An ad in the Hill newspaper 2 days ago asked the question:       Would a landmine by any other name be as deadly?  That may seem like a strange question because the answer is so obvious. Landmines are those tiny hidden explosives that kill and maim randomly. They are strewn by the thousands, by the tens of millions, in over 100 million in over 60 countries.  They do things like what is shown in this photograph. They do it to children in as many foreign countries as there are States in the United States. That was a healthy young child walking down a road. That child in a single instant was maimed, crippled for the rest of his life, if he survives the surgery he will have to undergo. If he survives, he will grow up in a poor country with one arm, one leg and somehow be expected to make a living.  Imagine if something like this was happening in the United States. We would call it terrorism. We would make it a Federal crime. We would do everything possible to stop it. At my own home in Vermont, I can walk through acres of fields and woods, I can do it easily at this time of the year, in the great beauty of the fall foliage. If I was in most of these other countries, I would not dare step off the traveled part of the road.  So there should not be any question about what a landmine is. For hundreds of millions of people around the world, they are a daily, deadly nightmare. Everyday on their way to the fields, or to gather water or in school yards or on roads once safe to travel, innocent people, often children, are blown to bits by these indiscriminate weapons.  A year ago at the United Nations, President Clinton called on the nations of the world to ban antipersonnel landmines. The President said:       The United States will lead a global effort to eliminate      these terrible weapons and stop the enormous loss of human      life.  Those were inspiring words. I commend him today for saying them; I commended him at the time.  But today we are confronted with a question we thought had been answered a long time ago: When is a landmine a landmine?  It is relevant today because 2 weeks ago, rather than join 89 other nations, including most of our NATO allies, in agreeing to sign a treaty to ban antipersonnel mines, the White House resorted to doublespeak. Rather than make the hard choice, the right choice, rather than pledge unambiguously to do away with these weapons, they said one thing but then they did another. They said the United States would ban antipersonnel mines, but then in the same breath, they redefined what an antipersonnel landmine is so they wouldn't have to ban them after all.  Mr. President, some people were fooled, but not many. A September 24 article in the Washington Post begins with the same question:       When is an antipersonnel landmine . . . no longer an      antipersonnel landmine?       When the President of the United States says so.  I am told that article upset some people in the Pentagon. I am not surprised. When the Pentagon tried to explain that a weapon that just a few months ago they called an antipersonnel landmine is no longer an antipersonnel landmine today--they said it was yesterday; today they say it is not--it is like watching someone who is caught telling a lie that even he convinced himself was not a lie, and then acting offended at the suggestion he tried to pull a fast one.  A weapon they once called a landmine, now isn't. Why do they say that? So they can say ``Look, we banned landmines. Except some of them we renamed so we can still use them.'' It is Orwellian at best.  The Pentagon thought they could come up with a nifty way to get around a landmine ban that they never wanted. They asked themselves, ``How can we be part of a treaty that bans antipersonnel mines, and still keep using them? We'll just call landmines something different. Then you don't really have to ban them, you can just say you are.''  If antipersonnel mines are used in the vicinity of an antitank mine, then they miraculously become something different from an antipersonnel landmine even though that is what they were called just a few monts ago. Without changing in any way, shape or form or explosive capability, they suddenly become a submunition, not a landmine.  Thank God, Mr. President, we have banned landmines from our arsenal. Only now we have submunitions. I am waiting for the appropriations bill to come forward to pay to relabel these millions of former landmines. Somebody will have to paint over where it says ``landmine'' and relabel them as ``submunitions.'' And since submunitions are not banned, presto, the United States can say it is banning landmines even though everyone knows we are not.  Unfortunately, this kind of cynical ploy is seen too often in Washington. That is the problem.  So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Washington Post article and a September 19 editorial from the Rutland Daily Herald, a Vermont newspaper that has kept up with the international campaign to ban landmines, be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  