He said he is in favor of a balanced budget amendment. I know he has been very sincere about that. My difference is I am in favor of a balanced budget. The two are not necessarily the same. We have been voting closer and closer to a balanced budget each of the last 4 years.  We have seen, after the enormous increase in deficits and the national debt that grew up with Presidential budgets throughout the 1980's, for actually 12 years, beginning in the early 1980's straight through 1992, where we saw a tripling of the national debt--I do not want to sound partisan, but I point out those were all Republican budgets and Presidents, Republican Presidents who got virtually every single thing they ever asked for. In fact, the only appropriations bill that President Reagan ever vetoed--the only one--was one that did not spend as much money as he wanted. Yet he had, with his budgets, nearly doubled the national debt. The debt had taken 200 years to build up to the point where he became President. Within 8 years he doubled it. It was nearly tripled by the time his successor, another Republican, finished office.  So we actually built up the debt during that time--we are spending over a half a billion dollars every working day just in interest on that. We would not have a deficit today had there not been so much debt built up during the Reagan and Bush administrations.  In the last 4 years, under President Clinton, the deficit has come down every single year. No President, Republican or Democrat, has done that in my lifetime. I think he ought to get some credit for it. Now he has submitted another budget that will bring it into balance by the year 2002.  We have endured a number of gimmicks, from the dumping of thousands of dollars of cash on the ground to even a debt ticker. Now we have this stack of books being represented as the unbalanced budgets of the last 28 years. They are not the budgets for the last 28 fiscal years. Let us make this very clear. The stack of books over there are not the budgets for the last 28 years. They are not the budgets of the United States at all. The stack of books are a mishmash of documents. Some are proposed budgets by past Presidents. Some are proposed appendices of the proposed budgets. Some are simply analyses of the proposed budgets. Actually, the stack is as much a gimmick as a constitutional amendment to balance the budget is a gimmick--as everyone from the Wall Street Journal, on the right, to newspapers like the Los Angeles Times and the Washington Post, more to the left, have pointed out.  In fact, here is a copy of last year's budget resolution. It is a little tiny thin thing. This, incidentally, brought the deficit down for the fourth year in a row. It is not a very picturesque thing. It is not a gimmick. It is actually something we vote on. And by voting on it, we brought the deficit down.  President Clinton made it very, very clear. All it takes to balance the budget is our votes and his signature; not a constitutional amendment. It also takes some courage on our part.  Many of us have shown that courage over the last 4 years in bringing down the deficit. I am proud to be one of those. I am proud to be one of those who voted against the economic plan that built up those huge deficits in the first place. Because we are willing to cast specific votes is why I support the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota, Senator Wellstone.  I share his strong commitment to keeping America's children healthy and strong. He has stated this not just on the floor of this body but in individual talks with Senators. It is a deeply held view on his part. As one who has chosen to protect the lives of those in the next century, I share his view of that. I believe in strong families and a strong family structure in this country. Families prosper only if their children go the bed fed, not when their children go to bed hungry.  Last Congress, we had this Contract With America--or contract on America. It seems like deja vu all over again. If you read the fine print of that contract, as the Senator from Minnesota has, and the balanced budget plan in there, it repealed the School Lunch Act that provides lunch to 26 million children. The Contract With America legislation repealed the WIC Program, special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children, that provides nutritious foods to 6.9 million women and children. That Contract With America legislation repealed the Food Stamp Program, which is a nutritional safety net, a very modest one for 28 million people.  Now we beat back the repeal of the School Lunch Act with the help of the Senator from Minnesota. We beat back the repeal of the WIC Program with the help of the Senator from Minnesota and we beat back the repeal of the Food Stamp Program with the help of the Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from North Dakota and others who were here on the floor today. We beat them back because people saw what was in the so-called Contract With America.  But with the balanced budget amendment you do not see how this is going to be done. Nobody wants to bring up the enabling legislation, the details for future Congresses, or most likely for unelected judges to decide. How can we guarantee--I will ask this question of the Senator from Minnesota, is there any way you can guarantee that we would not repeal the School Lunch Act or the WIC Program or the Food Stamp Program without at least some of the protections of your amendment? Is there any way we can be sure we protect them?  