President, I understand the concern of the Senator from Arizona and others in wanting to move forward with S. 495.  Frankly, Mr. President, we may be seeking a greater good here on the chemical weapons treaty. Those who are opposed to it will feel that it isn't important that they have a chance to vote against it; but those who are for it, as am I, will feel it is important to have a chance to vote for it.  But S. 495 in my mind does not have such urgency.  In an effort to cooperate with the Democratic leader, and with the Republican leader, who is seeking to fulfill, I think, a responsible commitment to the President of the United States to have this bill up here, or to have the treaty up here, I did not object to S. 495, the Kyl bill, coming up. But, Mr. President, I would point out that this is a bill that was introduced--the first version of it was introduced and referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee a day or two before our last recess. There has never been a hearing on it. There has not been 21 seconds of debate on it in the Senate Judiciary Committee, and today we have before us a 70-page and a 70-page substitute for it. We are going to be asked sometime in the next few minutes to vote on a substitute for S. 495. We are going to be asked to vote on a bill that has had no hearings, no debate in committee, no markups, no votes, no report, and no discussion.  I am willing to wager that there will not be more than five Senators who can walk off the floor and tell people honestly, looking them straight in the eye, and say they read it and understood what is in it.  In fact, I would make this challenge to the press. I would make this challenge to the press of every one of the 50 States. I would ask, if the press really wants to do their job, to do this: Call each of the Senators. All it requires is for the press in each State to call up only two people immediately after the vote on S. 495, and say, ``Did you read this bill that you just voted on? Did you understand what was in this bill you just voted on? Could you explain this bill to me that you just voted on?'' And if somebody says they voted for a major issue like this, then I think it is reasonable to ask, ``Did you read it? Did you understand it? Do you know what is in it?''  There may be some very good things in the bill. I have heard that it borrows much from the administration's proposals for implementation legislation. I understand that there are some aspects of it that are very similar to legislation that I introduced. And that may very well be so. There may well be some parts of this bill that I would eagerly support and vote for. But the fact of the matter is I do not know and am not being given an opportunity to find out, let alone have hearings or an opportunity to seek to improve the bill.  We have not had an opportunity or the benefit of discussion. We have not had the opportunity or the benefit of debate--and we will not have debate on it today.  The sole reason it is up here under this expedited procedure is to give some kind of cover one way or the other to bring up the chemical weapons treaty. What we have is the majority insisting that we consider, without review, a revised substitute version of a bill that was not made available to us until this afternoon.  Nobody has said in the Senate Judiciary Committee this could not have a prompt hearing. Certainly I would support the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Hatch, if he wanted to have a prompt hearing on it.  The principal sponsor of the bill, the distinguished Senator from Arizona, would certainly pursue it strongly through the committee, and I have no doubts that he would be able to explain it very, very well in the committee and answer any questions that might come up. He is a diligent and hard-working Senator who would be able to do that. But under this procedure, we will never know. This committee has a majorityof Republicans, as all Senate committees do, but yet the committee will never vote on it.  The majority leader, who is my good friend, has always described himself as one who seeks regular order. I think the Washington Post had a front-page story on December 3, 1996, in which they quote the Senator describing himself as an ``order'' kind of guy.  I recall when our distinguished majority leader came to the floor and said:       There is a way to do things around here. You bring up a      bill reported by a committee, have debate, offer amendments,      you vote, and win or lose, and you move on, and then it goes      to conference.  Well, we are not bringing up a bill reported by a committee. We are really not going to have debate. We are not going to offer amendments. We will vote. And that is about the only reflection of order.  If we were considering a resolution to commend the cherry blossom princess or to say we will open the doors of the Senate 5 minutes early or something like that, I could understand. Instead, we are talking about a 70-page bill which is to provide criminal and civil penalties for acquisition, transfer, or use of any chemical weapon or biological weapon, to reduce the threats of acts of terrorism, armed aggression, and so on. This bill refers to patent law, to chemical and biological weapons, to aircraft, and to continuation and enhancements of multilateral control regimes. It refers to the Australia group--I would like to have five Senators stand up and tell me what the Australia group is, to the Wyoming Memorandum of Understanding and the 1990 Bilateral Destruction Agreement. These are major things. Vaccine production and stocks, decontamination of infrastructure are also serious matters and we have not had any hearing, any debate, any discussion of it. The bill refers to owner or possessor liability and warrantless seizures and seizures on warrants and reimbursement of costs, saying how people will have to pay the United States certain amounts of money under certain circumstances and all. This may be heady stuff, Mr. President, very heady stuff.  Now, we have had the Chemical Weapons Convention before us since November 1993. It has been bottled up in committee. We have the April 28, 1997, deadline approaching after which our lack of ratification risks economic sanctions against our chemical industry. This could cost U.S. chemical companies hundreds of millions of dollars. We are talking about thousands of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars on something that has been stalled, stalled for years.  Now but all of a sudden, whoop-de-do, we have a bill and a substitute bill and the Senate is to take 12 minutes and go ahead with it.  I am afraid that without proper review of the domestic law changes in criminal laws against chemical and biological weapons, we may inadvertently weaken protections already in the law. I know my friend from Arizona does not intend to weaken our laws, but that could be the effect of this bill.  There is no need for this irregular procedure. We ought to be able to take a look at S. 495. I would have no objection to its coming up in regular order after hearings, but it is not a substitute for the Chemical Weapons Convention. It is not a substitute or alternative to implementing legislation.  After we delayed something that President Reagan had negotiated, something that President Bush had negotiated, something that President Clinton had negotiated, the Chemical Weapons Convention, after we delayed it for year after year after year, now we are going to take up in less than 3 hours and pass this 70-page bill that nobody has read. We delay something that has been debated, argued, considered, we delay that for years, but then we take a major piece of legislation that nobody has seen and do not even debate it and it is out the door. Something has gone wrong here.  On April 15, every American had to file their taxes or the IRS comes after them. That is the law. We also have a law that says that the House and the Senate shall pass a budget by April 15. With all due respect to my friends on the Republican side, they control the Speaker of the House, they control the majority in the House, they control the majority leader and a majority in the Senate, but we have not had one second of debate on a budget resolution even though the law requires them to pass it by April 15.  April 15 comes and goes. Can you imagine, Mr. President, if you took that same attitude in filing your taxes and said well, you know, I am busy, I cannot do it. You would hear the doorbell ring and there would be the IRS after you. But nobody comes after us for doing the same thing.  We have nearly 100 vacancies on the Federal bench, and we cannot get a quorum in the Judiciary Committee to report them out.  Yet this 70-page major piece of legislation suddenly comes zipping forth. There are a lot of problems in it. As I said, there may be some things I like. But it says, for example, the bill would prohibit the production of 16 specific chemicals and 54 more already controlled by the Australia group. Do we know what chemicals are in this bill that would be criminalized? I doubt that any one of us could even pronounce the chemicals. We do not know what we are voting to ban?  The bill prohibits any other chemical that may be developed that produces the same effect as the other listed chemicals. I take it this means chemicals developed in the future. But what about other terrible weapons that now exist? Would chemical weapons that exist now but not listed in the bill be OK? What deadly chemicals that are prohibited under current law, which has a far broader definition of chemical weapons, would be freed from criminal penalties?  We have had no answer. This bill repeals the two major chapters of the Federal Criminal Code dealing with biological weapons and with chemical weapons. The ink is barely dry on the chemical weapons law that this legislation would repeal. The chemical weapons statute became law as part of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996. It was enacted April 14, 1996. It is barely 1 year old and we are going to repeal it without a single hearing, single expert comment about what might be wrong with a bill that we passed a year ago. Do we replace it with a stronger law? No.  First, the definition of chemical weapons that will be banned under this bill is far more limited than the chemical weapons banned under current law.  The bill has a number of exemptions to the overall prohibitions on chemical and biological weapons that are far broader in scope than what are in current law. For example, current law bars chemical weapons for anything but lawful authority. This bill replaces that limited, circumscribed rule with five extensive exemptions including for any peaceful purpose related to any activity.  What does that mean? Is that an exemption any enterprising terrorist or criminal caught with a chemical weapon could use to great advantage? Someone could make a strong argument that way.  While there are parts of the bill I may well like, there are a lot of other parts that raise unanswered questions. Again, any Senator who votes for this, I would challenge the press in his or her State to ask: You voted for it, do you know what was in it? Did you read the bill? Did you understand the bill? Were all your questions answered? Did you feel you repealed any criminal laws we now have that we should have kept?  Mr. President, we spent far, far, far more time this week in quorum calls when we did nothing than we have on hearings on this bill. We spent more time voting on a 100-to-0 resolution on assisted suicide to make us all feel good. We spent far more time on that than we have hearings on this bill. Mr. President, we spent more time with the Chaplain's prayer this morning than we spent on hearings on this 70-page bill. We spent more time saying good morning to each other this morning than we have had in hearings on this 70-page bill. It takes more time for the elevator to go from the second floor to the first than we have had in hearings on this 70-page bill.  I do not fault the Senator from Arizona for this. The leadership is willing to bring it forward, and if it is his legislation, then he is obviously going to go for it.  But before the Senate becomes irrelevant, if we do not have time and will not even follow the law, which requiresus to have a budget by April 15, if we only had time to confirm two Federal judges in 4 months and we have a 100-judge vacancy, if we do not have time to have 18 seconds of debate on the budget, if we can bottle up the chemical weapons treaty for years, following the support of President Reagan, President Bush and President Clinton, why in Heaven's name do we suddenly have to come rushing forth with something we do not need now and we do not have to have now?  If we are going to have an expedited process, I think the emergency should be the leadership bringing forward the budget that the law requires. If we have urgency for something, fill some of those judgeships. After all, the Chief Justice has said that is a judicial crisis. If we have urgency for something, let us take something that has actually had a hearing.  So with all due respect to the sponsors of this bill and knowing there are parts of the bill as I have read them that I like, there are a lot of other parts that raise far more questions than are answered in my mind. I will oppose it. I would find extremely interesting the explanations of those who vote for it.  I see the distinguished sponsor of the bill, and I yield the floor.  