Mr. President, someday somebody will sit down and write scholarly articles about this debate. I commend my friend from Utah, who has spent more time on the floor, I believe, than any other Senator. As the amendments have come from this side, it has been easier for me, as the Democratic floor manager, to leave and allow those proposing them to speak. He has stayed here throughout.  Mr. President, even though my friend from Utah and I have been on opposite sides on this issue, there have been extremely important arguments. Senators can disagree over the question of the three-fifths vote requirement, whether that changes our normal idea of how a legislative body should work, and on the issues of Social Security. Those arguments have been important. Capital budgets have been important. No matter how the final vote comes out--and I suspect it will be voted down--I think that the American public has had the opportunity to hear some aspects of a constitutional amendment debated that, as I have gone back and read various debates, have not come out previously with the same strength and clarity.  We have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of constitutional amendments proposed every decade. We have, however, amended the Constitution only 17 times since the Bill of Rights. We are the most powerful democracy history has ever known--in fact, the most powerful country. To be able to be powerful and to be a democracy is an interesting juggling act, especially in a country as diverse and as large as the United States. I think one of the reasons is our Constitution. We have kept it simple, short, and very clear.  The genius of the Founders of this country is in our Constitution, in our Bill of Rights. But also the genius of it is that Congress, for over 200 years, has, for the most part, resisted the temptation to amend the Constitution. Now, we can, with courage, the men and women in this body and the other body, bring down deficits and balance the budget--with courage. We do not need a constitutional amendment to do it. I urge that we reject this constitutional amendment, having listened and considered the arguments made by both sides. Then we must settle down and dedicate ourselves as Members of the Senate, not as Republicans or Democrats, but as Members of the Senate, to get rid of unnecessary expenditures, to make sure that we have a tax code that is fair to all, to bring down the deficits and allow the world's largest and strongest economy to operate as it should.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  