President, I am pleased to join with Senator Daschle and other Democratic Senators in introducing S. 15, the Youth Violence, Crime and Drug Abuse Control Act.  Unfortunately, we need to look no further than today's headlines to see how badly we need this legislation. Over the past week, the chilling story has unfolded about Darryl Hall, a 12-year-old boy violently abducted on his way home from school in our Nation's Capital and then found dead and frozenwith a gunshot to the back of his head. Three youths have been arrested, and the police suspect this heinous crime was the work of a gang. We must put a stop to the brutality of children killing children.  We all want to protect the children of this country from becoming victims of crime, from joining gangs, and from becoming drug addicts. This is not a partisan issue. Gang members do not ask their new recruits whether they are Republican or Democrat. Criminals do not ask before they strike whether their victim is Republican or Democrat. We in Congress need to make every effort to work together to get a handle on this problem.  The Democratic crime initiative we are introducing today builds on and continues the proven elements of the 1994 crime bill and takes the next steps to confront the problems of youth crime, drug abuse and gang violence. Our bill targets youthful offenders for certain punishment when they commit violent acts and offers helpful treatment when they need it. Although the number of juveniles arrested for violent crimes dipped in 1995, these numbers remain at unacceptable levels: sixty-four percent more juveniles were arrested for violent crimes in 1995 than in 1987.  Concern about the spread of gangs--the violence, the drug dealing and other criminal activity that gangs leave in their wake--has spread from our large cities to rural American towns. Indeed, one of the major factors responsible for the increases in juvenile crime over the past decade is the growth of criminal street gangs across this country. Although places such as Los Angeles or New York City first spring to mind when the word ``gang'' is mentioned, gangs are spreading across State boundaries and are problems today in many rural areas, as well as in urban centers.  In my days as a prosecutor, gangs were unheard of in Vermont. Unfortunately, this is no longer the case. Just last month, the Vermont Corrections Commissioner reported significant increases in gang activity occurring in Vermont's prisons. There are also reports that franchises of the ``los solidos'' gang have set up shop in Rutland, and the ``la familia'' gang has moved into St. Johnsbury.  Gangs violate the law, corrupt our youth, and disturb the tranquility of our streets. They are a problem we all now face, and they are a driving force in the crime wave which this Congress and the Federal Government must address, in partnership with our States and communities and with law enforcement authorities at all levels.  What do we propose to do about it? First, we hope to work constructively with our colleagues from the other side of the aisle to deal with the problems of gangs and youth violence. We were able to do that in 1994. Senator Biden, who was then chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, worked tirelessly to ensure passage of the 1994 crime law. The Democratic youth violence bill we introduce today has been crafted under the leadership of Senator Daschle and reflects the contributions of Senators Biden, Kohl, Feinstein, Kennedy, and others.  This Democratic leadership bill builds on the successes of the 1994 crime law, which is putting 100,000 cops on our Nation's streets and increased prevention and intervention efforts to keep children safe from crime and drugs. Specifically, our bill will:  Expand the community oriented policing [cops] program to put 25,000 more cops on the beat;  Continue the Violence Against Women Act by providing $600 million to prosecute batterers, shelter 400,000 battered women and their children and continue the national domestic violence hotline; and  Provide $5 billion to build prisons so that States requiring serious violent offenders to serve at least 85 percent of their sentences will be better able to house criminals.  The Democratic crime bill also looks to the future with new laws and programs to crack down on violent youth and gang violence. These measures target the use of ``gang paraphernalia'', the spread of gang ``franchises'', the intimidation of witnesses, and reform of the juvenile justice system, with more protection for the victims of juvenile crime.  Specifically, our bill would increase the penalties for illegally using ``gang paraphernalia'' such as body armor and laser sighting devices. Police officers use kevlar vests to protect their lives and hence our public safety. When criminals use kevlar vests, they do so to ensure their escape and enjoy the fruits of their crime. Under this bill, they would get more time when they are caught using such body armor in the commission of a crime.  The bill also makes it easier for law enforcement to use clone beepers to investigate gang activity. Beepers are how gang members and drug dealers keep in touch with each other. One tool law enforcement uses to investigate these criminals is a ``clone beeper'', which displays the same numbers displayed on the beepers of targeted criminals. This bill will permit law enforcement to get a clone beeper with the same kind of court order they already use to get information on the numbers dialed to or from a telephone. This is not to be confused with wiretap order to eavesdrop on what people say; clone beepers only give information on the numbers displayed on the beeper. The bill will speed up the process for law enforcement to get ``clone beepers.''  Our bill would double the penalty for using physical violence or threatening physical violence against witnesses, victims or informants. Nothing undermines our system of justice more than scaring people away from providing information that helps the police, prosecutors, judges and juries from finding the truth.  The bill would create a new federal crime for expanding gangs across State borders and increase penalties for using firearms to commit drug trafficking crimes and crimes of violence.  We also propose several needed changes in the juvenile justice system to respond to the need to crack down on violent youth with the full force of the law. This means increasing the incarceration periods for juvenile offenders so that they may be incarcerated until the age of 26 instead of mandatory release at the age of 21, streamlining procedures for prosecuting violent juveniles as adults, and building more prisons to incarcerate juvenile offenders. In addition, our bill creates new juvenile gun and drug courts to speed prosecution and sentencing for drug abuse and weapons violations.  The bill also improves the rights of victims of violent juvenile crime. Whether the perpetrator of a violent crime is an adult or a juvenile, the victim should have the opportunity to speak to the sentencing judge and be entitled to restitution.  Drugs have had a devastating affect on our society. It is clear that no solution to the juvenile crime problem will work if it does not address the role that drug abuse and drug trafficking play in creating unsafe environments for our children. For this reason, the Democratic crime bill includes measures to prevent and treat youth drug addiction. These measures include:  Providing $200 million investment in research and development of medicines to treat heroin and cocaine addiction; and  Extending the drug courts program to force more than 500,000 adult and juvenile drug offenders to engage in a rigorous drug testing and drug treatment--or face certain imprisonment.  We also protect children from becoming the victims of crime, with programs that would keep children like Darryl Hall in safer environments. These measures include:  Extending the Safe and Drug Free Schools Program; and  Creating after-school ``safe havens'' where children are protected from drugs, gangs and crime in supervised and productive environments.  In Vermont, we have a very successful program called ``Kids 'N Kops'' that brings school-age children and our law enforcement officers together in a fun and constructive way. Last spring, the attorney general attended an annual event in Vermont celebrating this program and urged that the program be replicated elsewhere in the country. This bill would help make that a reality.  Youth crime has many causes, and no one bill can solve them all. But that should not paralyze us from taking sensible steps, in partnership with states and communities of all sizes and in all regions of the Nation, to begin turning the tables on youth crime anddrug abuse. This bill proposes a balanced approach combining strong, targeted law enforcement measures with the prevention efforts that law enforcement officers on the front lines tell us are necessary to make a dent in the problem.  In the final stages, the 1994 crime bill was passed over vigorous partisan obstacles and objections, and crime bills often spark some of our most partisan debates. But this time, we truly have the opportunity to pass a bipartisan bill with the active support of a president who is making youth crime prevention a priority in his second term and who supports the thrust of what we are proposing in this package. We have come forward with balanced, common-sense solutions to youth crime. We should debate and refine this bill as we go along, but these are not suggestions that should divide us along party lines.  We look forward to working with the administration, our Republican colleagues and the Department of Justice--which has demonstrated its ability to move effectively in implementing anti-crime initiatives--in bringing these proposals to Congress' front burner for debate and prompt action.  