 Madam President, last night in his State of the Union Address, the President of the United States spoke of the difference between taking action to balance the Federal budget and the political exercise of considering a constitutional amendment on balancing the budget. I mention this because the American people know there is a big difference between talking about a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, a big difference between talking about what you might or might not do, and actually doing it. Here is what President Clinton said.       Balancing the budget requires only your vote and my      signature. It does not require us to rewrite our      Constitution. I believe it is both unnecessary and unwise to      adopt a balanced budget amendment that would cripple our      country in time of economic crisis and force unwanted      results, such as judges halting Social Security checks or      increasing taxes.  Listen to what the President said. Balancing the budget requires only the vote of the Congress and his signature.  This from a President who in the 22 years I have been here is the only President who has brought the deficit down 4 years in a row--the only President who has done that. In fact, if we were not paying the interest on the deficits run up during Presidents Reagan and Bush administrations, we would have a surplus today and not a deficit.  In fact, I believe he is probably the only President in my lifetime, Republican or Democrat, who has 4 years in a row brought the deficit down and certainly the only one since the last President, a Democrat, who had a surplus. That was President Johnson. Deficits have run since then, and only President Clinton has brought them down four times in a row and is about to submit a budget which will bring the deficits down for the fifth time in a row.  That is a record which certainly in modern times, certainly the postwar time, no President, Democrat, or Republican, has done and is a marked contrast to the two Republican Presidents who preceded him who tripled the national debt, who took all the debt from 200 years and tripled it in just 12 years.  So President Clinton is committed to signing a balanced budget that protects America's values, honors our promises to seniors and our veterans and fulfills our responsibilities to the disadvantaged and the young. If this Congress, the 105th, will join him for the good of the Nation and the future, we can, in fact, be the Congress that finally balances the budget.  Madam President, I would like to be part of that Congress, and I would like to see Democrats and Republicans work together to bring about that kind of a balanced budget. But that would mean each one of us, every man and woman in this body and every man and woman in the other body, will have to stand up and cast votes that are politically unpopular--not a vote that sounds very popular but does not cut a single program and does nothing to balance the budget.  My good friend from Utah has talked about the public opinion polls that say how popular a balanced budget is. I support a balanced budget. I voted for more deficit reduction than most of the Members of this body. But wanting it and voting it can be sometimes two different things. It is easy to stand up, as we all do, in town meetings back home and say we want a balanced budget. It is very difficult to come back and face special interest groups on the right and left and say we are going to cast votes to achieve balance.  This is not one of those tough votes. This proposed constitutional amendment is unnecessary, it is unwise, it is unsound, and it is dangerous.  First, it demeans our Constitution. It will destabilize the power among our three branches of Government. That balance of power between our three branches of Government gives this, the greatest and most powerful democracy in history, its greatest protection. It would head us down the road to minority rule and undermine our constitutional democracy. It would likely result in a shifting of burdens, responsibilities and costs to State governments. Whether my own State of Vermont, the State of Maine, the State of Utah, or any other of the 50 States, these State governments are ill-equipped to assume the vast burdens of the Federal Government.  Both because of what it would do and what it would not accomplish, adoption of this proposed 28th amendment to the U.S. Constitution would be wrong. Treasury Secretary Rubin testified that the proposed constitutional amendment would ``subject the Nation to unacceptable economic risks in perpetuity. It would be a terrible, terrible mistake for this country.''  Treasury Secretary Rubin commands the highest respect of both Republicans and Democrats and certainly within the financial community, and when he speaks of the unacceptable economic risks in perpetuity we ought to stop and listen to him. We should also listen to the 11 Nobel laureates in economics who joined 1,000 other economists who condemn the proposal as unsound and unnecessary. It is what the Los Angeles Times calls a false political star.  Now, there are responsible ways to reduce our budget deficit, but focusing our attention on this proposed amendment only delays us from making progress on what are some very tough choices. This is the same old sleight of hand that we have witnessed around here since 1982 when people began voting for a constitutional amendment on the budget rather than to vote to balance the budget. A lot of people stood up to say, ``Yes, I voted to amend the Constitution to balance the budget.''  Hurrah, hurrah, how brave they are, but they cannot quite step up here and vote on these tough issues that actually do balance the budget. There is no magic in the proposed constitutional amendment. The magic is hard work. Reducing the deficit will take hard work, and it will require hard choices.  Some may even use a ``feel good'' vote for this proposed amendment as the excuse to sit back and await the ratification process in the States, and then they would sit back and await the consideration of implementing legislation. Then they would sit back and await the consideration of budgets consistent with such implementing legislation. Then maybe, just maybe, they would start making the necessary cuts.  Madam President, it is like some of the people who stand on the floor of this body or the other body and say that we have to amend the Constitution and have term limits. There are those who stand up and say, ``I have been arguing for term limits for 20 years,'' some who have been arguing term limits before some of the Members of this body were born, and they will keep on into the next century saying we have to have a constitutional amendment for term limits.  I heard one Member of the House, who has been here, I think, 14 terms, say, ``If I do nothing before I leave here, we are going to get term limits--if it takes me another 14 terms to get term limits.''  What makes more sense, instead of looking for bumper sticker amendments and bumper sticker politics, is to cast votes that will cut the deficit now. Do not wait until the next century. I want to continue to lower the deficit now, not wait for two more election cycles to pass before balancing the budget sometime after the year 2002, which, incidentally, is the earliest date this amendment could be effective.  We showed in the last two Congresses we could make progress in undoing the mistakes of the deficits-building decade of the 1980's without having this proposed amendment in the Constitution. For the first time since Harry Truman was President, the deficit has declined 4 years in a row and with the help of President Clinton we have reduced the deficit 63 percent over the last 4 years. We have reduced the deficit, as a percentage of our economy, from 4.7 to 1.4 percent. These may seem like just numbers, but what we have done is we have reduced the deficit as a percentage of our economy to the lowest among the world's industrialized countries. Instead of constantly standing up supporting this because it might sound like good politics, let us be honest with the people we represent. We have done better than any industrialized country in the world.  As part of our efforts we passed legislation that saves tens of billions of dollars of taxpayer-financed Government programs. These are tough votes. For example, the distinguished senior Senator from Indiana, Senator Lugar, and I sponsored legislation that reorganized the U.S. Department of Agriculture to become a more efficient and effective agency. The Leahy-Lugar bill passed Congress at the end of 1994. It will result in saving over $3 billion, but it has to close 1,200 USDA field offices including, should anybody ask, a large number of offices in my home State of Vermont.  What the distinguished Senator from Indiana and I did was not just to talk about it, we actually put together a piece of legislation which means in every single State in this country somebody is going to feel the pain. I know because I got letters from all over the country about it. But we passed it.  Maybe some of the same people who so eagerly support this constitutional amendment should ask themselves, are they responsible for the huge and unprecedented budget deficits of the Reagan and Bush years? Many are. I am one of only five remaining Senators in this body who voted against the 1981 Reagan budget package that increased defense spending by a huge amount while cutting taxes by a huge amount and which, of course, caused our debt to explode. The 12 years following Reaganomics have left us with over $2.6 trillion in additional debt.  Do we have a deficit today? Of course we do. If we did not have to pay the interest on the debt run up during President Reagan and President Bush's terms, we would have a surplus today. I commend, again, the President, who, while inheriting a huge national debt, a huge deficit, and a huge debt service when he came into office, has brought the deficit down. President Clinton has, four times in a row, brought the deficit down and is about to do it a fifth time in a row, something that none of us in our lifetime have seen.  But this proposed constitutional amendment remains now what it was then: political cover for the failed policies of the 1980's and their tragic legacy. Those mistakes continue to cost our country hundreds of millions of dollars every workday in interest on deficits run up during the last two Republican administrations. Think of that--hundreds of millions of dollars every single workday just on interest alone based on the deficits of those years. As I said before, were it not for the interest on this debt, we would have had a balanced budget in each of the last several years.  The proposed constitutional amendment contains no protection against the Federal Government seeking to balance its budget by shifting costs and burdens to the States. That is the ultimate budget gimmick--pass the buck to the States. The proposed constitutional amendment would be a prescription for disaster, especially for small States that are ill-equipped to handle the extra load. We know what happened in the 1980's; Federal contributions to State and local governments fell sharply, by about a third. During that same decade, my home State of Vermont had to make up the difference. We had to raise the State income tax rate from 23 to 28 percent. In addition, State and local property taxes and taxes of all kinds had to be increased.  I remember talking to so many people in my State of Vermont, hard-working men and women, people who bring home a weekly paycheck and pay the mortgages, set money aside for their children to go to college. They keep our economy going. I said, ``Have you felt these huge tax cuts that we read you have gotten under Reaganomics?'' Except for a couple of my friends who, frankly, Madam President, make a heck of a lot more money than I do, they had not. In fact, what they had seen, the average person had seen their taxes go up. They saw Social Security taxes go up, they saw their local taxes go up, they saw their State taxes go up to cover the differences.  That is not the way to cut the Federal deficit. It is the Federal deficit. You do not cut it by simply shifting the burdens to State and local government and telling them to raise the taxes on their people. Working people cannot afford tax increases any more just because they are imposed by State and local authorities and not by the Federal Government.  While we passed unfunded mandates legislation last Congress, even that legislation offers insufficient protection. My concerns extend beyond new legislation that the lawyers determine include legally binding obligations. I am concerned as well about those programs that respond to the basic needs of individuals.  Human needs are no less real because they are not set forth in a Federal statute. Hunger, cold, illness, the ills of the aged--these do not need statutory definition to cause suffering. With or without definition, they do cause suffering. If we try to balance the Federal budget by scaling back services, we are just as surely going to be shifting the costs and burdens of these unmet needs, as well as Federal mandates, on State and local governments.  I know the people of Vermont are not going to let their neighbors go hungry or go without medical care, and I expect people elsewhere will not either. As much as our churches and synagogues and our charities and our communities will contribute, a large part of the problem and a large share of the costs are still going to fall to State and local governments.  The distinguished majority leader in the other body, Richard Armey, said in 1995 that he did not want to spell out the effects of this constitutional amendment before it is passed because he is afraid that Congress would not vote to pass it if it knew what it would do. He later reinforced his remarks by warning supporters not to reveal where the necessary cuts would be made because knees would buckle.  If we are going to be asked to consider this constitutional amendment, let us find out what the impact is likely to be. Certainly, before any State is called upon to consider ratification of such a constitutional amendment, we ought to know what the impact is going to be. Every State ought to be able to look at the debate here and our actions here and know what the impact is going to be if they ratify. Each State should be advised of the likely effects on its economy and, in particular, on personal income levels and job losses in that State. Let us get some of the answers. Let us know where we are headed.  In fact, I believe this proposed constitutional amendment would invite the worst kind of cynical evasion and budget gimmickry. The experience of States that do have balanced budget requirements only bears this out. My State, which has one of the best credit ratings in the country, takes care of its budget without having in its State constitution a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. Because we know we have good times and bad times, we have provisions to set aside a rainy day fund. We know that there are things that we have to do in our small State economy at a time of recession to help.  But look what happens with States with a balanced budget requirement. Many that do achieve compliance do so only with what the former comptroller of New York State calls dubious practices and financial gimmicks. These gimmicks include shifting expenditures to off-budget accounts, postponing payments to school district suppliers, delaying refunds to taxpayers, deferring contributions to pension funds, and selling State assets. The proposed constitutional amendment does not prohibit the Federal Government from using the same and other dubious practices and gimmicks.  With Congress facing a constitutional mandate, the overwhelming temptation will be to exaggerate estimates of economic growth and tax receipts, underestimate spending, and engage in all kinds of accounting tricks as was done before the honest budgeting efforts of 1993. The result will be that those who do business with the Government may never be certain in what fiscal year the Government will choose to pay up or deliver, and those who rely on tax refunds can certainly expect extended delays from the IRS.  Passing a constitutional directive that will inevitably encourage evasion is only going to invite public cynicism and scorn, and not just toward the Congress. That, Madam President, does bother me, since we represent one of the three branches of Government. What bothers me far more is cynicism toward the Constitution itself.  None of us in this body owns the seat that we are in. We are all here for 6 years at a time. Some day we will leave, as we should, either by our own choice or because we are given an invitation to do so by the voters of our State. But while we are here, we have a responsibility to the institutions of this country, and certainly to our Constitution, an oath that we each take solemnly and without any reservation.  (