 Mr. President, I am concerned when I hear attempts to tie Mr. Garland's nomination to the number of judges in the D.C. circuit. Let us remember that Mr. Garland is there to fill the 11th seat on the D.C. circuit, not the 12th seat. Even Judge Silberman, who has argued for abolishing the 12th seat for this court, has testified that ``it would be a mistake, a serious mistake, for Congress to reduce down below 11 judges.'' That is a verbatim quote from Judge Silberman.  But we should also remember that when we just put numbers here, numbers do not tell the whole story. The D.C. circuit's docket is by far the most complex and difficult in the Nation. You can have a dozen routine matters in another circuit and one highly complex issue involving the U.S. Government in the D.C. circuit, brought because it is the D.C. circuit, that one would go on and equal the dozen or more anywhere else.  We can debate later on the size of the D.C. circuit, whether it should be 11 or 12. But we are talking about the 11th seat. And what Senators ought to be talking about is the fact that Merrick Garland is a superb nominee. He has been seen as a superb nominee by Republicans and Democrats alike, by all writers in this field. At a time when some seem to want people who are notqualified, here is a person with qualifications that are among the best I have ever seen.  So, let us not get too carried away with the debate on what size the court should be. We can have legislation on that. The fact is, we have a judge who is needed, a judge who was nominated, and whose nomination was accepted and voted on by the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1995. It is now 1997. Let us stop the dillydallying. I suppose, as we are not doing anything else--we do not have any votes on budgets or chemical weapons treaties or any of these other things we can do--I suppose we can spend time on this. We ought to just vote this through, because at the rate we are currently going we are falling further and further behind, and more and more vacancies are continuing to mount over longer and longer times, to the detriment of greater numbers of Americans and the national cause of prompt justice.  Frankly, I fear these delays are going to persist. In fact, the debate on what should be in the courts took an especially ugly turn over the last 2 weeks. Some Republicans have started calling for the impeachment of Federal judges who decide a case in a way they do not like. A Member of the House Republican leadership called for the impeachment of a Federal judge in Texas because he disagreed with his decision in the voting rights case, a decision that, whichever way he went, was going to be appealed by the other side. If he ruled for the plaintiffs, the defendants were going to appeal; if he ruled for the defendants, the plaintiffs would have appealed. But this Member of the other body decided, forget the appeals, he disagrees, so impeach the judge. He is quoted in the Associated Press as saying, ``I am instituting the checks and balances. For too long we have let the judiciary branch act on its own, unimpeded and unchallenged, and Congress' duty is to challenge the judicial branch.''  The suggestion of using impeachment as a way to challenge the independence of the Federal judiciary, an independence of the judiciary that is admired throughout the world, the independence of a judiciary that has been the hallmark of our Constitution and our democracy, the independence of a Federal judiciary that has made it possible for this country to become the wealthiest, most powerful democracy known in history and still remain a democracy--to talk of using impeachment to challenge that independence demeans our Constitution, and it certainly demeans the Congress when Members of Congress speak that way. It is also the height of arrogance. It ignores the basic principle of a free and independent judicial branch of Government. We would not have the democracy we have today without that independence.  I wonder if some have taken time to reread the Constitution. Maybe I give them too much benefit of the doubt. I will ask them to read the Constitution. Article II, section 4, of the Constitution states:       The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the      United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment      for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high      Crimes and Misdemeanors.  The Founders of this country did not consider disagreement with a Member of the House of Representatives as an impeachable offense. In fact, the Founders of this country would have laughed that one right out. Can you imagine? I suggested some read the Constitution and, I must admit, in a moment of exasperation, I suggested perhaps some who were making these claims had never read a book at all. But, of course, they have. There is one by Lewis Carroll. It is called Alice in Wonderland. The queen had a couple different points she made. One, of course, if all else failed was, ``Off with their heads.'' The other is, ``The law is what I say the law is.''  We all lift our hands at the beginning of our term in office and swear allegiance to that Constitution, but all of a sudden there is something found in there that none of us knew about. Impeach a judge because you disagree with a judge's decision? I tried an awful lot of cases before I came here. I was fortunate in that, a chance to try cases at the trial level and the appellate level. Sometimes I won, sometimes I lost, but there was always an appeal. In fact, I found in the cases I won as a prosecutor, the person on the way to jail would invariably file an appeal. I just knew the appeal would be made. That is the way the courts go.  You do not suddenly say because I won the case, the judge was to be impeached.  I think back to about 40 years ago and those who wanted to impeach the U.S. Supreme Court. Why? Because they refused to uphold segregation--let's impeach the Court. In fact, I made my first trip here to the U.S. Capitol in Washington, DC, when I was in my late teens. At that time, for the first time, I saw the billboards and demonstrations against the Chief Justice after the landmark Brown versus Board of Education decision. I wondered what was going on.  In the 1950's, it was not uncommon to see billboards and bumper stickers saying, ``Impeach Earl Warren.'' These signs were so prevalent, Mr. President, that a young man from Georgia at that time once remarked that his most vivid childhood memory of the Supreme Court was the ``Impeach Earl Warren'' signs that lined Highway 17 near Savannah. He said: ``I didn't understand who this Earl Warren fellow was, but I knew he was in some kind of trouble.''  That young man from Georgia is now a Supreme Court Justice himself, Justice Clarence Thomas.  In hindsight, it seems laughable, as in hindsight the current calls of impeachment of current judges will also be laughable. At that time, the call to impeach was popular within a narrow and intolerant group which did not understand how our democracy works or what was its strength. Apparently, it is fashionable in some quarters to sloganeer about impeaching Federal judges again.  It was wrong in the 1950's to have somebody who wanted to protect the sin and stain of segregation to call for the impeachment of Earl Warren. It is wrong for some today to call for the impeachment of a Federal judge because of a disagreement with a single decision.  So I hope all of us--all of us--stop acting as though we can go to something way beyond our Constitution because a judge comes out with a decision that we may disagree with. That is not a high crime or misdemeanor; it is not an impeachable offense. Maybe it is an appealable question, but not an impeachable offense.  We in the Congress cannot act as some super court of appeals. Good Lord, we even had a suggestion over the weekend that maybe even the Congress should have the power to vote to override any decision. In fact, it would be a super court of appeals. Good Lord, Mr. President, look at the pace of this Congress. We have almost 100 vacancies on the Federal court and certainly by the end of business yesterday, we had not filled a single one of them. We have not had a minute of debate on the budget. We have done nothing about bringing up campaign finance reform.  Cooler heads are prevailing. I commend the distinguished majority leader, Senator Lott, for his remarks on these impeachment threats. He is quoted as saying that impeachment should be based on improper conduct of a judge, not on his or her decisions or appeals. I think that is the way it should be. I think perhaps we should step back before we go down this dark road.  I understand, Mr. President, that the distinguished senior Senator from Maryland wishes 5 minutes; is that correct?  