President, I am pleased that the Senate yesterday passed H.R. 956, the Drug Free Communities Act of 1997. I have long been a supporter of substance abuse prevention programs, particularly for our youth, and was a cosponsor of the Senate's companion bill, S. 536.  I am glad to see that my Republican colleagues have taken a second look at these types of prevention programs since the debate over the 1994 crime law. It clearly was time to stop debating the usefulness of prevention programs and instead make sure we authorized and funded such programs as the Drug Free Communities Act.  Community-based prevention programs have proven to be an effective way to combat the problem of youth drug abuse. Throughout the country there are groups, large and small, public and private, whose mission is to reduce drug use among our young people. Many of these groups form coalitions, pool their resources, and work together to reach that goal. Groups such as D.A.R.E., MADD, the Partnership for a Drug-Free America, and Vermont's unique Kids N' Kops Program, serve communities every day with programs that involve entire communities and educate our youth in innovative ways so that they are secure in their decision not to use drugs. Those groups need to be supported and that is the purpose of H.R. 956.  Many Americans are concerned about the problem of juvenile crime and delinquency, and drug abuse is a contributing factor. According to a recent report from the Justice Department's Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the number of juvenile delinquency cases for drug offenses has increased significantly. In 1994, 61 percent of all delinquency cases were for drug offenses compared to 43 percent in 1985. Unfortunately, the proportion of drug offenses is higher in Vermont than the national average. Similarly disturbing are trends in the overall juvenile crime rate. While the juvenile violent crime rate dipped nationally in 1995, it rose in Vermont that same year. In addition, the number of juvenile violent crime arrests is 67 percent higher than in 1986.  That is why at the beginning of this year, I along with a number of my Democratic colleagues, introduced S. 15, the Youth Violence, Crime and Drug Abuse Control Act of 1997. This bill includes a number of initiatives to prevent juvenile crime and drug abuse, including providing funding for comprehensive drug education and prevention for all elementary and high school students, creating safe havens where children are protected from drugs, gangs, and crime. We must ensure that prevention programs and funding are included in S. 10, the Republican juvenile crime bill currently being considered in the Senate Committee on the Judiciary.  The Drug Free Communities Act of 1997 creates a 5-year, $143.5 million grant program to be run by Gen. Barry McCaffrey and the Office of National Drug Control Policy [ONCDP]. The purpose of the grant program is simple: to provide matching grants to community coalitions, particularly those dedicated to reducing drug abuse by young people. Established partnerships in local communities with positive track records can apply for grants of up to $100,000 per community. No new funding is required; it will come from redirecting money already in the $16 billion Federal antidrug budget.  In Vermont, these resources will be put to good use. With the movement of gangs into Vermont and the rise in youth drug use, more resources are needed to serve our children. I am proud of the work that many of community groups are doing in Vermont. The Orleans County Prevention Partnership [OCCP] in Newport, VT, has spent the last 6 years fighting youth crime and drug use. OCCP was formed based on the premise that communities already possess a wealth of knowledge and talent to deal with these problems, but need resources to coordinate and harness community talents to the fullest. Over the years, this partnership has grown from the original 17 members to the current 117 members, including all segments of Orleans County from church groups to law enforcement to schools. This commitment has led to great results: The OCCP reports that, in Orleans County, liquor consumption among middle schoolers is down 15 percent, as are DWI arrests of teens and arrests for drug crimes in all age groups. The Prevention Coalition based in Brattleboro is also doing terrific work in drug prevention efforts in the southern part of the State. These coalitions know as well as anyone about the benefits of targeted prevention programs and that community partnerships are an effective way to approach this problem. The passage of H.R. 956 will provide them another tool in this battle.  