President, today I am pleased to join my colleague Senator Gregg and Senators Jeffords, Snowe, Collins, Moynihan and Smith in introducing the Northern Forest Stewardship Act of 1997 and the Family Forestland Preservation Tax Act. I am proud that this legislation has the entire support of the Senate delegations from the Northern Forest States of Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, as well as Senators from other parts of the region.  Today's legislation is about empowering communities within the 26-million-acre Northern Forest--the largest contiguous forest east of the Mississippi River. This great natural resource criss crosses New York, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine. But as we near the end of the 20th century, growth pressures on the Northern Forest have increased. The thousands of people who live in this region have wrestled with how to maintain economies that provide jobs while preserving the environment that makes the region such a special place.  Recognizing the challenge facing these communities, Senator Warren Rudman and I sponsored the Northern Forest Lands Study in 1990. Thousands of people who live in the Northern Forest participated in the study which lasted 4 years. Upon the conclusion of the study, the Northern Forest Lands Council was established to develop specific recommendations to address the issues identified in the study.  As one might expect, the majority of these recommendations focused on local and State issues. However, some of the ideas proposed by the Northern Forest Lands Council requested changes in Federal law. Today, we are here to move forward the council recommendations that need these modifications.  Here is an example of what Congress can achieve when it heeds the public's voice. It is founded on extensive research, open discussion, consensus decisions, and visionary problem solving by the people who have a stake in the future of the forest. Legislation rarely embodies such a thorough effort by so diverse a constituency.  This legislation will reaffirm the council's vision of the Northern Forest as a working landscape of interlocking parts and pieces, reinforcing each other: small and rural communities, industrial forest land, family and individual ownerships, small woodlots, recreation land, public and private conservation land.  These bills focus on three key goals of the council: fostering stewardship of private land, building knowledge and information on forest resources, and increasing funds available for land conservation. These are goals shared by the people and representatives of the Northern Forest region and provide the foundation for the bipartisan support of this legislation in the House and the Senate.  This legislation also recognizes the extraordinary resources the 26-million-acre Northern Forest region provides to local communities and visitors alike. The forests within the region are rich in natural resources and values cherished by residents and visitors: timber, fiber, and wood for forest products and energy supporting successful businesses and providing stable jobs for residents; lakes, ponds, rivers, and streams unspoiled by pollution or crowding human development; viable tracts of land for wildlife habitat and recreational use, and protected areas to help preserve the biological integrity of the region.  Given the nature of the council's recommendations, one piece of legislation to implement all the recommendations was not feasible, therefore we are introducing this package of bills. It is our hope that these bills will both be taken up in the appropriate committees of this Congress and will move through Congress as complementary legislation.  Passing this legislation is a priority for me personally and for Vermont. It will highlight the importance of the forest resources to our region and to the Nation. It will help State, local, and community groups draw upon Federal assistance to work toward the goals of the council. And, it will reaffirm these goals and the shared commitment to protect the environmental and economic heritage of the region.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill on the part of myself, and Senators Gregg, Jeffords, Snowe, Collins, Smith of New Hampshire, Moynihan, Kerry of Massachusetts, and Mr. Kennedy be introduced and appropriately referred.  