President, as I have previously emphasized, the constitutional amendment is not like a statute that we can revisit, fine tune, revise, or repeal. We have repealed only one constitutional amendment in more than 200 years of our country's history. The only constitutional amendment we have repealed was that of prohibition.  We ought to remember in this debate that we are being asked to consider an amendment to our Constitution. Before we propose to alter our fundamental charter of freedom--I might say also the blueprint for our representative democracy--we ought to step back from the political passions of the moment. We are debating a proposed constitutional amendment, not just a political slogan, a plank of a campaign platform, or partisan win or lose.  The Constitution of the United States is a good document. It is not a sacred text, but it is the best law of any that has ever been written. That is why it has survived as the supreme law of this country with very few alterations over 200 years. It has contributed to our success as a nation by binding us together rather than tearing us apart. It contains a great compromise that allowed small States and large States to join together in the spirit of mutual accommodation and respect. It embodies the protections to make real the pronouncements in our historic Declaration of Independence. It gives meaning to our inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  The Constitution requires due process and guarantees equal protection of the law. It protects our freedom of thought and protects our freedom to worship or not as we each choose, and our political freedoms as well. It is the basis of our fundamental rights of privacy and for limiting Government's intrusions--and burdens--into our lives.  So I oppose what I perceive to be this growing fascination in this country--and, unfortunately, the growing fascination with so many in Congress--to lay waste to our Constitution and the protections that have served us well for over 20 years. The separation of powers amendment is the power of the purse and should be supported and defended.  The most recent Republican platform endorsed six or seven constitutional amendments, of which this is only the first. In the last Congress, the Senate debated and rejected three proposed amendments. This year that number could well double, or even triple, unless we begin to exercise some discipline and restraint.  We have only amended the Constitution 17 times since the Bill of Rights. We have only amended it 17 times since the Bill of Rights because those who walked these Halls ahead of us had enough sense that the Constitution came before their political purposes, their polls, their momentary needs. They thought, ``How do we protect this Constitution, one of the shortest in the world? How do we protect it and keep it the living, breathing Constitution that it is?''  