President, we will confirm three judges this afternoon.  I ask my colleagues to look at the chart, which indicates the shameful lack of progress of this Senate in considering judicial nominations. We still have approximately 100 judicial vacancies. When we adjourned last year there were 64 vacancies and when we began this Congress there were about 74 vacancies. We are confirming judges far slower than the vacancies are occurring through death, attrition, retirements, and so forth. Even with the three judges we are confirming today, there has been a net increase in vacancies of over 30 in the last year. In fact, vacancies on the federal courts around the country have increased by more than 50 percent over the last year.  I ask, as I have many, many times, that the majority leader, whose caucus has held back these judges, allow them to go forward. We see what happens when we have a vote on them. It is unanimous. You keep hearing that there are concerns about these judges, and then no Senator votes against them.  Let us bring them forward. I ask that one of the first we proceed to consider be Margaret Morrow, who seems to be held up only because she is a woman--only because she is a woman. There is no reason to hold up that judicial nomination. Let it be voted. If people do not want her, vote against her. If they want her, vote for her. But let's have a vote on this.  We are not helping the independence--in fact, we are diminishing the independence--of the Federal judiciary.  Mr. President, I am encouraged that the Senate is taking up three of the six judicial nominations from the Executive Calendar.  I am delighted to see the Senate confirm Joseph F. Bataillon to be a U.S. District Judge for the District of Nebraska. He served as deputy public defender for Douglas County, NE before entering private practice as a trial attorney in Omaha. He is supported by Senator Kerrey and Senator Hagel. The ABA found him to be qualified for this judicial appointment. Mr. Bataillon's nomination was first received by the Senate in March 1996 over 17 months ago. Unfortunately, this was one of the nominations caught up in the election year slowdown last year. I congratulate Mr. Bataillon and his family and look forward to his service on the district court.  I am also delighted that the Senate majority leader has decided to take up the nomination of Christopher F. Droney to be a U.S. District Judge for the District of Connecticut. The nominee has served as U.S. Attorney in Connecticut since 1993. The ABA has unanimously found him to be qualified for this judicial appointment. With the strong support of Senator Dodd and Senator Lieberman, this nomination has moved through the Committee and now to confirmation. I congratulate Mr. Droney and his family and look forward to his service on the district court.  Likewise, I am delighted to see the Senate moving forward to consider Janet C. Hall to be a U.S. District Judge for the same district. Since 1980, this nominee has practiced law in Hartford and prior to that she had served as a special assistant U.S. attorney and trial attorney for the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice. The ABA unanimously found her to be well qualified, its highest rating. This nomination also has the strong support of Senator Dodd and Senator Lieberman. I congratulate Ms. Hall and her family and look forward to her service on the district court.  In spite of the progress we have made over the last week in confirming six judicial nominations, we still have some 40 nominees among the 65 nominations sent to the Senate by the President who are pending before the Judiciary Committee and have yet to be accorded even a hearing during this Congress.  Many of these nominations have been pending since the very first day of this session, having been renominated by the President. Several of those pending before the Committee had hearings or were reported favorably last Congress but have been passed over so far this year, while the vacancies for which they were nominated over 2 years ago persist. The committee has 12 nominees who have been pending for more than a year, including seven who have been pending since 1995.  So, while I am encouraged that the Senate is today proceeding with the longstanding nomination of Joseph Bataillon and those of Chris Droney and Janet Hall, there is no excuse for the committee's delay in considering the nominations of such outstanding individuals as Professor William A. Fletcher, Judge James A. Beaty, Jr., Judge Richard A. Paez, Ms. M. Margaret McKeown, Ms. Ann L. Aiken, and Ms. Susan Oki Mollway, to name just a few of the outstanding nominees who have all been pending all year without so much as a hearing. Professor Fletcher and Ms. Mollway had both been favorably reported last year. Judge Paez and Ms. Aiken had hearings last year but have been passed over so far this year.  Thus, even with the increased activity of the last week in which the Senate has confirmed six nominees and raised by 67 percent the number of judges confirmed all year, we continue to lag well behind the pace established by the 104th Congress. By this time 2 years ago, the Senate had confirmed 36 Federal judges. With today's actions, the Senate will have confirmed only 15 judges. We still face almost 100 vacancies and have 50 nominees yet to consider.  For purposes of perspective, let us also recall that by August 1992, during the last year of the President Bush's term, a Democratic majority in the Senate had confirmed 53 of the 65 nominees sent to us by a Republican President. That, too, is a far cry from this year's 15 out of 65.  Those who delay or prevent the filling of these vacancies must understand that they are delaying or preventing the administration of justice. We can pass all the crime bills we want, but you cannot lock up criminals if you do not have judges. The mounting backlogs of civil and criminal cases in the dozens of emergency districts, in particular, are growing taller by the day.  I have spoken often about the crisis being created by the vacancies that are being perpetuated on the Federal courts around the country. At the rate that we are going, we are not keeping up with attrition. When we adjourned last Congress there were 64 vacancies on the Federal bench. After the confirmation of 15 judges in 9 months, there has been a net increase of 33 vacancies. The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court has called the rising number of vacancies ``the most immediate problem we face in the federal judiciary.''  The Courts Subcommittee heard on Thursday afternoon from second and eighth circuit judges about the adverse impact of vacancies on the ability of the Federal courts to do justice. The effect is seen in extended delay in the hearing and determination of cases and the frustration that litigants are forced to endure. The crushing caseload will force Federal courts to rely more and more on senior judges, visiting judges and court staff.  Judges from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals testified, for example, that over 80 percent of its appellate court panels over the next 12 months cannot be filled by members of that Court but will have to be filled by visiting judges. This is wrong.  We ought to proceed without delay to consider the nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the second circuit and move promptly to fill vacancies that are plaguing the second and ninth's circuits. We need to fill the 5-year-old vacancy in the Northern District of New York and move on nominations for judicial emergency districts.  In choosing to proceed on these three nominees, the Republican leadership has chosen for the third time in a week to skip over the nomination of Margaret Morrow. I, again, urge the Senate to consider the long-pending nomination of Margaret Morrow to be a district court judge for the Central District of California.  Ms. Morrow was first nominated on May 9, 1996--not this year but May of 1996. She had a confirmation hearing and was unanimously reported to the Senate by the Judiciary Committee in June 1996. Her nomination was, thus, first pending before the Senate more than a year ago. This was one of a number of nominations caught in the election year shutdown.  She was renominated on the first day of this session. She had her second confirmation hearing in March. She was then held off the judiciary agenda while she underwent rounds of written questions. When she was finally considered on June 12, she was again favorably reported with the support of Chairman Hatch. She has been left pending on the Senate Executive Calendar for more 3 months and has been passed over, time and again without explanation or justification.  This is an outstanding nominee to the district court. She is exceptionally well qualified to be a Federal judge. I have heard no one contend to the contrary. She has been put through the proverbial wringer--including at one point being asked her private views, how she voted, on 160 California initiatives over the last 10 years.  The committee insisted that she do a homework project on Robert Bork's writings and on the jurisprudence of original intent. Is that what is required to be confirmed to the district court in this Congress?  With respect to the issue of judicial activism, we have the nominee's views. She told the committee: ``The specific role of a trial judge is to apply the law as enacted by Congress and interpreted by the Supreme Court and Courts of Appeals. His or her role is not to `make law.' '' She also noted: ``Given the restrictions of the case and controversy requirement, and the limited nature of legal remedies available, the courts are ill equipped to resolve the broad problems facing our society, and should not undertake to do so. That is the job of the legislative and executive branches in our constitutional structure.''  Margaret Morrow was the first woman president of the California Bar Association and also a past president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association. She is an exceptionally well-qualified nominee who is currently a partner at Arnold & Porter and has practiced for 23 years. She is supported by Los Angeles' Republican Mayor Richard Riordan and by Robert Bonner, the former head of DEA under a Republican administration. Representative James Rogan attended her second confirmation hearing to endorse her.  Margaret Morrow has devoted her career to the law, to getting women involved in the practice of law and to making lawyers more responsive and responsible. Her good works should not be punished but commended. Her public service ought not be grounds for delay. She does not deserve this treatment. This type of treatment will drive good people away. The president of the Woman Lawyers Association of Los Angeles, the President of the Women's Legal Defense Fund, the president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, the President of the National Conference of Women's Bar Association, and other distinguished attorneys from the Los Angeles area have all written the Senate in support of the nomination of Margaret Morrow. They write that: ``Margaret Morrow is widely respected by attorneys, judges and community leaders of both parties'' and she ``is exactly the kind of person who should be appointed to such a position and held up as an example to young women across the country.'' I could not agree more.  Mr. President, the Senate should move expeditiously to consider and confirm Margaret Morrow, along with Anthony Ishii and Katherine Hayden Sweeney to be district court judges.  