President, about a desire to return to less partisanship and more comity at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue. I hope that might happen for the sake of this country.  I go back to an experience my father used to tell me about when I was a child. It was in 1936. I was not yet alive. But my father was born, raised in Vermont. At that time it was probably the most Republican State in the Union, one of only two States, for example, that voted for Alf Landon in the Franklin Roosevelt landslide.  President Franklin Roosevelt came to Vermont in 1936, actually August 1, 1936. He went in an open car down State Street in Montpelier. The National Life Insurance Building had its headquarters at that time there. My family had their home almost across the street where they had the Leahy Press. My father, who was probably the only Democrat in Montpelier at the time, was standing in front of the National Life Building.  You must understand, National Life was sort of an adjunct to the Republican Party. They would determine, along with a couple other companies, who would be Governor this year to the next year and the next year at a time when we were solely a one-party State. I must say, as a Democrat I will have to admit they came up with some pretty good Governors too, but very, very much a Republican hierarchy place.  As the car went by, the President of the National Life took off his hat, stood at attention holding it over his heart. My father, standing next to him, said, ``I never thought I'd see the day that you would take off your hat to Franklin Roosevelt.''  He turned to my father and said, ``Howard, I didn't take off my hat to Franklin Roosevelt. I took off my hat for the President of the United States of America.'' My father told me that story so many times growing up, and I had met the man who did that and I knew the facts of it. I recounted the story to a number of people, people writing books or speaking on this, as an example of a different era. Now, this man would never have voted for Franklin Roosevelt. He would have supported whoever ran against him, but he respected the office of the Presidency, as he respected the office of the Congress.  I hope, Mr. President, that all of us who serve in the Congress, in both parties, would stop trying to figure out how best to tear down these institutions. We are the most powerful democracy history has ever known. We are the only superpower in the world today. That brings with it certain responsibilities--to stay both a democracy and so powerful a country. We did it because of the genius of our three-part Government--the executive branch, legislative branch, and the judicial branch.  In recent years, with both Democrat and Republican Presidents, it has become a sport in this Nation to find every conceivable way to tear them down no matter what they do. I would ask myself and the public, is it conceivable that any person, man or woman, Democrat or Republican, could ever, anywhere in this Nation of 260 million people, reach the level of virtue and be the paragon that we seem to insist our President should be? If so, then that person is not a representative of 260 million Americans. But we try every which way to diminish the power of the Presidency, the leader of the most powerful nation on Earth. In the Senate and in the House we do it to ourselves, so that, again, the respect of the Nation is diminished. Now we see more and more attempts to do it to the judiciary.  Mr. President, let us stop and think. If we destroy, either by our actions or others', the respect that these institutions of Government must have, how long do we remain a democracy and how long before the checks and balances that have been so carefully built up, and built up based on the trust of the American people, how long before that trust is destroyed, the checks and balances fail, and suddenly you have an opening for a person on horseback to come in and take over the reins of power of the last great nuclear superpower, with the largest economy in the world, the most powerful nation on Earth, a nation that can justify its power and its position in this world only if it remains a democracy, only if it represents its own people, only if the reins of power maintain the respect of the people.  So I go back to that August day in Montpelier, VT, when that man was holding his hat over his heart as President Roosevelt went by, and as my father, a loyal long-time Democrat, may God rest his soul, took his hat off and held it over his heart when President Eisenhower honored the State of Vermont and drove through, and as I did, as a young prosecutor, for President Johnson and President Nixon and President Bush and President Clinton, stand at attention, thinking how honored our State was that they came and brought with them the symbols of the office of the Presidency.  Let us try. It is difficult in the time of the 30-second sound bites and special interest groups on the right and left. It is difficult when partisan feelings run high. But let us step back and say: Respect this country; respect the institutions; respect the integrity and the independence of our judiciary; respect the good will and patriotism of the men and women who have the opportunity to serve in the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives; respect the fact that we, as a Nation, elect our President, a President who constitutionally can serve only 4 years at a time and no more than 8; respect the fact that we have those checks and balances. Maybe we ought to work at making Government work and earn the respect of our people and not try in so many ways to tear Government apart.  Mr. President, I thank my good friend from Iowa for his courtesy, and I yield the floor.  