President, Walter ``Peanut'' Kennedy, the late Speaker of the House of Representatives came from the district of Chelsea, VT. They used a version of Vermont's old mountain rule. In a local form, mountain rule came from the town's unwritten agreement that State representatives alternate between the sides of the mountain that divided the town at every biennial election. It was about as good a reason for term limits as many I have heard argued on this floor in recent years.  It followed the real mountain rule in Vermont which alternated Governors from one side of the Green Mountains to the other side. Madam President, the Governor would come from the eastern side of the mountains in one election cycle and then from the western side in the next. Of course, they were all Republicans so it worked out very well throughout those years.  Since the town was overwhelmingly Republican and the candidate from either side of the mountain could not hope to succeed under any other party preference--the tradition more or less held until reapportionment of the legislature along the one man-one vote decision of the U.S. Supreme Court changed the nature of Vermont's system forever.  I preface my remarks today with this brief history so that you can appreciate the background from which this rough hewn, shrewd, humorous, and eminently fair gentleman rose to become a legislator, Speaker of theHouse, and his party's candidate for Governor in 1974.  With Peanut Kennedy's passing, we close the book on a period in Vermont when character, common sense, and honesty were alone sufficient to insure personal triumph and political success.  Peanut sold used cars--and they weren't all good cars. He would tell his customers--especially enthusiastic young farm boys who were making their first major purchase with hard earned money--to look beyond the flashy chrome and white wall tires. If necessary, he would further curb their enthusiasm by suggesting the vehicle had an estimated lifespan of the distance to the grocery store a half mile down the road.  Those were cars he kept on the lot only to have the pleasure of selling them to folks like you and me who could afford a lesson in the perils of used car negotiations.  ``You don't want this car,'' he would finally tell a local customer and move him toward another part of the lot.  Peanut, rising to the chairmanship of the House Highway Committee, then Speaker and finally rewarded as his party's gubernatorial candidate, was rarely addressed as Walter. He retained his earthy sense of humor and Yankee mannerisms, offensive to the few--loved by the many. He was an antecedent of political correctness--fixed in his ways, colorful in his language, and prone to startle constituents, legislators, Governors and lobbyists with the frankness of his responses.  He hated ad hoc committees which he said were merely ways for political leaders to transfer decision malting responsibility to another body.  ``Ad hoc,'' he once challenged a leader of his own party on the House floor, ``Sounds like someone clearing his throat.''  He once publicly described a Governor, who was concerned over a prolonged and politically debilitating debate over enacting his proposal for a sales tax as ``nervous as a whore in church,'' over the prospects of passing his legislation. Kennedy never doubted the tax would be enacted, once the talking was over and the nervous legislators regained their courage to an unpopular, but necessary broad based tax to finance State government programs.  He was never a man to go off the record, he was never a man to go against his word.  When he ran for Governor in 1974 he traveled through southern Vermont extensively for the first time in years and became aware of the change taking place as a result of a revolution in transportation systems--many of which he had helped put in motion himself from Montpelier.  I think it was the first time he realized that Vermont was changing so dramatically from the community or farms and small, self-governing communities that settled problems at town meetings and pot luck suppers.  ``It's not Vermont anymore,'' he told friends. The visit seemed to inhibit his candidacy and he failed to give Vermont a spirited campaign against a popular incumbent.  I traveled with Peanut Kennedy when he ran for Governor in 1974, and is probably an indication of the bipartisan nature of the man. Even though he was running for Governor on the Republican ticket, I for the Senate on the Democratic ticket, we would have occasions just because we wanted to be in each other's company that we would ride together from one function to another.  He had his big old black Imperial. I would hop in the car with him. Somebody would drive my car along behind. And I would be laughing so hard by the time I would get to the next place, I could barely remember my own lines as he would tell one story after another.  At home, with his wife Sylvia, he was a very private man and devoted husband. Vermonters shared his grief over the tragic death of his son in a fire. After the election in 1973, Kennedy returned to his business and quietly retired from the political arena which had taken him so far. But the State had changed and Peanut's beliefs and principles were too deeply ingrained.  Out State has lost a great public servant, and to those of us fortunate enough to have known him a great friend as well.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  