President, 6 years ago, thanks to the leadership of Senators Moynihan and C0hafee, this Nation made a fundamental change in the way that it allocates public investment in transportation. That change was based on the premises that local people understand local needs, that funding should be flexible, and that transportation should contribute to meeting national environmental and public health goals.  I made a commitment to myself and to Vermonters that I would only sponsor legislation that embodies those three premises. Today I announce that I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the ISTEA Reauthorization Act of 1997, and I look forward to doing whatever I can to ensure that this progressive legislation makes it through the Senate and into law.  This bill maintains and enhances our transportation commitments in ways that will benefit Vermonters. I fought hard to include the provision that will allow the State of Vermont the flexibility to use Federal funds for Amtrak service. Our small State has two successful Amtrak trains, both of which operate because of the leadership shown by Governor Dean and the legislature. If this provision passes it will mean that Amtrak service in Vermont can be maintained and possibly even expanded.  This bill also protects transportation flexibility that has been so popular in Vermont. It maintains the recreational trails and scenic byways programs, and allows States to continue to use funds for bicycle transportation and pedestrian walkways. I will continue to fight for these programs in the coming months.  Finally, this bill will bring more resources to Vermont. Out small State lies on a major north-south truck route. Much of this traffic passes through Vermont without stopping for fuel. Consequently, our roads get a lot of the wear and tear that goes along with commerce, without the accompanying gas tax receipts. This legislation provides Vermont with a major boost in highway funding, so that we can better maintain and repair our existing roads.  In closing, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues who have not yet done so to join me and the bipartisan group of 32 other Senators who have committed themselves to the ISTEA reauthorization bill of 1997.  