President, the distinguished Senator from West Virginia has done a service to this body, as he has for so many years in so many different issues at so many different times.  In part of this debate over the last 2 days, I have on more than one occasion urged the proponents of this constitutional amendment to step up to what I call the Byrd challenge. I know the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia knows that I say that most respectfully because when the distinguished Senator from West Virginia lays down a challenge on a constitutional issue, every one of us, Democrats or Republicans, should pay attention because what he is doing is challenging the U.S. Senate to rise above politics, rise above polls of the moment, but to stand up for our Constitution for the ages. Polls come and go. Polls change. The Constitution stands for the ages.  I think of the vote as the war clouds gathered in Europe before World War II, the vote to extend the draft, I believe it was by one vote. Those who voted to extend the draft cast a very unpopular vote for the most part. Where would democracy be today if they had not had the courage to step beyond the polls of the moment? Look at the Marshall plan. I remember former President Nixon telling me that he remembers 11 percent of the people in this country were in favor of the Marshall plan, but if Harry Truman had not had the courage to push forward and had not Members of this body and the other been willing to stand up, we would not have had the democracy stand where it does today.  If this great country, the greatest democracy, the most powerful economy, the most powerful Nation in history, hamstrings itself into something in the Constitution where it cannot reflect basic economic realities, those of us who succumb to the passing moments of a poll may regret, and our children may regret, that we did not listen to the Byrd challenge.  I repeat what I said before many times, the Byrd challenge is here. I ask proponents of this constitutional amendment to focus on the words of this proposed amendment, explain what they mean, explain how this proposed constitutional amendment will work. Senator Byrd has explained this amendment word by word, section by section, phrase by phrase, and what he has done is asked the obvious questions--what does it mean?  Mr. President, we are in this Chamber, the Chamber that shows respect for silence, for the silence is thundering in response to the distinguished Senator from West Virginia, because there has been no response to his question, what do these phrases mean, what do these words mean, what do these sections mean?  