President, I am glad to support this measure with my amendment to prevent the misuse of the name and likeness of the U.S. Marshals Service.  The U.S. Marshals Service is the Nation's oldest Federal law enforcement agency. Since 1789, U.S. marshals have served the country through a variety of vital law enforcement activities, such as the protection of Federal judicial officials, the apprehension of Federal fugitives, and the transportation of Federal prisoners. Today, approximately 4,000 deputy U.S. marshals and career employees perform these important services across the Nation. I receive frequent reports about the day-to-day activities of the Service from Vermont's U.S. marshal, Jack Rouille, who has been a model public servant and has been a linchpin of coordination for Federal and local law enforcement agencies in Vermont.  The amendment I have offered will assist the Marchals Service by amending 18 U.S.C. 709--the part of the U.S. Code that deals with misuse of names to indicate Federal agencies--to include the Marshals Service among the Federal agencies whose name and likeness are protected from imitation on items of apparel or in connection with any commercial enterprise.  At present, the name and likeness of many other Federal law enforcement agencies are protected under law. For instance, the name and likeness of the Federal Bureau of Investigation [FBI], Secret Service, and Drug Enforcement Agency [DEA] are protected under 18 u.S.C. 709. Moreover, the name and likeness of several non-law enforcement agencies are protected under law. For example, the name and likeness of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the National Credit Union, the Federal Home Loan Bank, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, andthe U.S. Mint, to name a few, are protected under 18 U.S.C. 709.  The lack of protection for the Marshals Service has generated serious security concerns. At a minimum, the public may be falsely lead to believe that the Marshals Service approves or endorses an unauthorized product. Even more problematic is the possibility that unauthorized individuals may wear apparel to look like marshals to effectuate criminal purposes or to gain undesired access to secured areas such as courtrooms or witness security facilities.  Recent cases highlight the need for this amendment:  In 1994, an individual dressed in full marshal ``swat team'' apparel and in possession of a loaded weapon made a series of presentations to a group of students at a local high school in Virginia.  An organization known as the United States Marshals and Peace Officers Association of America markets home security systems. Its advertisements use a replica of the Marshals Service badge, implying government endorsement of the organization and its product. The organization is not endorsed or authorized by the Marshals Service.  A Texas company offers bullet-resistant panels as an alternative home protection system. The company advertises that these bullet-proof panels are approved by the Marshals Service. This product is not officially endorsed by the Marshals Service.  While the amendment that I am introducing would protect the Marshals Service against these illegitimate uses of its name and likeness, the amendment is purposely limited in its scope. Specifically, this amendment would not prevent the use of the name or likeness in those instances where the use would not be reasonably calculated to convey the impression that either, first, the wearer of the item of apparel with the name or likeness is acting pursuant to legal authority; or, second, the use is approved, endorsed, or authorized by the Marshals Service.  Thus, for example, there was a case brought before the Patent Office Trademark Trial and Appeal Board in 1971 in which a French clothing manufacturer used the initials FBI in conjunction with the words ``Fabrication Bril International'' on clothing. The Trial and Appeal Board ruled that the law did not create an absolute prohibition against the use of the initials FBI, but was applicable only in those cases in which the initials were used in a manner reasonably calculated to convey a mistaken impression that the item of clothing was approved, endorsed, or authorized by the FBI. In that case, the Board ruled, there was little chance that anyone would think that the clothing was approved, endorsed, or authorized by the FBI, hence there was no violation of the statute.  In a case of political satire, the use of the Marshals Service name or likeness would almost always be permissible. In such instances, there would be little chance that any reasonable person would think that the satirist was acting pursuant to legal authority. This amendment should not interfere with the Capitol Steps or other satirists. As the court stated in Cliff Notes versus Bantam Doubleday Dell Pub. Group in 1989, trademark law courts have uniformly ruled that noncommercial parodies and satires do not infringe legitimate trademarks because there is little chance of confusion as to sponsorship.  Allowing unauthorized individuals to pose as Marshals Service officials or allowing unauthorized individuals to use the name in a manner that mistakenly conveys the impression that the use is sanctioned by the Marshals Service is an affront to those who legitimately and nobly serve under its banner and wear its badge. For this reason, I am delighted that the Senate has accepted this amendment.  