President, I will not be long because, if nobody else wants to go home, I know that staff who serve in this body probably would like to, including the young pages on both sides of the aisle. They are as important as any contributors to this body. They keep us going. I hope that for all of them their service here will be an experience that they will remember all of their lives as worthwhile. I know that former Senator Pryor, who just recently retired, had been a page and felt that way. I know two of my children were pages--here and in the other body--and feel that way.  Mr. President, my good friend from Idaho--he is my good friend--spoke eloquently of the stacks of budgets. You know that every year we do have a large document that represents the Federal budget, but I would point out to him that no constitutional amendment is needed to balance those budgets.  I have great affection for President Reagan. We had a very good personal relationship. I used to kid him that every year he would talk about a need for a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, and then he would send up a budget that increased our national debt, something he did more than any President in our Nation's history. By the time he got done, he had doubled or tripled the national debt that had taken over 200 years to build up.  He had wonderful speeches saying, ``Let us balance the budget. But, by the way, guys, here is my budget, and guess what is in it? It is one more huge deficit.''  We talk about charts showing how the deficits went up and they did throughout the 1980's. From President Reagan's election to President Clinton's election, they skyrocketed more than in all the Nation's history put together before those 12 years--more than all the debt that had been arisen from World War II, World War I, the Civil War, the War of 1812, from all of our wars combined, and from all of our depressions and from all of our recessions. In just 12 years, the amount of debt that had grown up was doubled and tripled.  We talk about the last 28 years. Well, President Clinton is the only President in those 28 years--and now for 4 years in a row--who has brought down the deficit. That is not withstanding the fact that he has to find in our budget several hundred million dollars every day, every single day, just to pay the interest on the debt that was built up during President Reagan's and President Bush's terms.  I have great affection for President Reagan and President Bush. I felt privileged to think of them as friends. But there is a big difference between the rhetoric and the reality when it came to balancing the budget with them. The debt that the Senator from Idaho so eloquently speaks of, in terms of our children and our children's children, the vast bulk of that debt built up just during those 12 years when some talked the talk but were not willing to walk the walk. And now we have to pay it off.  In 4 years, President Clinton has submitted budgets and fought hard for them. For 4 years, he has brought the deficit down. No President in my lifetime, Republican or Democrat, has done that. This year he is trying to reduce the deficit, again, and achieve a balanced budget agreement for the next several years.  We talk of amending this Constitution, this little, short Constitution, the greatest Constitution democracy ever had and the reason we are the most powerful democracy known to history. We talk about amending it as if we could, then we all go home and 10 years from now somehow the amendment would magically come into play and the Federal budget would be balanced. President Clinton told us last night that all it takes to balance the budget is our votes, courageous votes, and his signature. We can balance the budget and we can do it now without a constitutional amendment.  So, instead of amending our Constitution, why not proceed to use our votes. I hold up here the voting lists with the names of all Senators and places marked where they can vote ``yea'' or ``nay.'' Every one of us can stand up and vote ``yea'' or ``nay'' for a balanced budget. That is all it takes. We do not have to go through and say 10 years from now maybe the States will ratify it and it will be in place and maybe some future Congress will act to make the tough decisions. We can vote right this minute, today, this month, this year and do what we should do--make the tough decisions ourselves.  There are only five Senators remaining in this body who had the courage to vote against Reaganomics, which tripled the national debt. I am proud to be one of those five. I have cast the tough votes. I have had special-interest groups from the right and the left, from my State and your State and every other State, come and give me heck for voting against their favorite programs. I have probably written as much legislation as anybody here that has cut huge hunks out of the Federal budget, cuts that affected my State as well as others. But that is the way you do it. You do not cast a vote that is just a nice, popular thing that fits the polls of the moment. You cast votes that run the test of time.  I urge us to be courageous and think of the future. My children are going to live most of their lives in the next century, and when I vote I think of what that next century will be. I do not want them burdened with debt.  I wish the debt had not gone up as it did during the 1980's. I think it was a great mistake. This body went alongwith it. I commend the political abilities of President Reagan. He got within one-quarter of 1 percent of every single budget he ever asked for. In fact, when we talk about the veto pen, the only appropriation, or spending bill that President Reagan ever vetoed was one that did not give him as much money as he wanted. He never vetoed a bill because it had too much money. The only spending bill he ever vetoed was one that did not give him all the money he wanted. As I recall, the years when the Democrats were in office, we actually came back with budgets that were smaller than asked for.  What was, was; what is, is. What is today is the ability, as President Clinton said last night, to vote for and enact a balanced budget.  Economists are not asking for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Over 1,000 economists signed a letter, including 11 Nobel laureates, saying do not amend the Constitution; it creates far more problems than it solves. What they said was balance the budget, which we can do if we have the courage, but do not amend the Constitution to do it. Even as conservative a newspaper as the Wall Street Journal yesterday had an editorial saying do not vote for this constitutional amendment. Certainly nobody thinks of Alan Greenspan as a profligate, shoot-for-the-Moon kind of spender, and Alan Greenspan said do not pass this constitutional amendment. Secretary Rubin, one of the most trusted and respected Secretaries of the Treasury any administration has had, says do not pass this constitutional amendment. Instead of passing a bumper-sticker form of economics, do what is right. Have the courage to vote for budgets and spending bills that bring about a balanced budget.  I yield the floor.  