President, I spoke for hours on this issue on Friday and again yesterday. I will not repeat what I said other than to compliment the distinguished Senator from Michigan and others for what they have said. I put into the Record the editorial from the Washington Post that reaches the same basic conclusion as the resolution of the distinguished Senator from Michigan.  I spoke of the fact that the resolution before us, the resolution introduced by the distinguished majority leader and others, is aimed just at the President, the Vice President and very, very carefully--very, very carefully--excludes the Republicans in Congress as it does the Democrats in Congress.  If we want to show real interest in justice, we should say, well, let us look at any activity of Members of Congress, too. Let us not act as though we are so above the law that we can only point our finger at the President. But that is not the point I am here to bring up, Mr. President.  I have had the privilege of serving with five Presidents: President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, President Bush, and President Clinton. I have served here with a number of very distinguished majority leaders on my side of the aisle: Senator Mansfield, Senator Byrd, and Senator Mitchell,all as majority leader; and on the other side of the aisle, Senator Baker and Senator Dole. Of course, now I serve with the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Lott].  I mention these majority leaders, Senators Mansfield, Byrd, Mitchell, Baker and Dole, because there is one thing that I recall from each one of them in setting the agenda of the U.S. Senate. It was that if the President of the United States was going to be abroad in a summit meeting, negotiating with other heads of state, the U.S. Senate would refrain from bringing forward matters directly aimed--especially partisan matters--directly aimed at the President of the United States.  This resolution is directly aimed at the President of the United States. And what is going to happen? We will arrange to make sure we vote on it almost within hours of the time he will sit down with the President of Russia, the leader of the only other nuclear superpower.  Mr. President, has this body and this town become so partisan that we are going to ignore the tradition of all Republican leaders and all Democratic leaders in this body, and that is, to show some unity behind the President while he is abroad representing not Democrats, not Republicans, but all Americans?  Never in my 22 years in the Senate have I seen such an egregious breach of tradition. That does not mean that a President, Republican or Democrat, is given a free ride. What that means is that the President of the United States will at least be able to demonstrate, when he is abroad representing this country, that he is shown some support back home during the time he is abroad. When he is back here, we will go back and forth and fight as we always have. Fine. That is the process. But the tradition has always been to be supportive of the President when he is at a summit with other leaders. Of all summits he might be attending, what could be more important than the one with the President of Russia?  It was tasteless enough to introduce this resolution and start the debate on it while the President was undergoing surgery at Bethesda. Now, that, at the very least, shows a tastelessness that also, I believe, is unprecedented in this body. That could be chalked up to tasteless partisanship that is not appropriate. It is as bad as making jokes at the President's expense when he is lying there in pain recovering. But we just assume that sometimes we have tastelessness in politics.  However, when we have votes designed to hit directly at the President while he is abroad in a summit, that, Mr. President, goes beyond tastelessness. That shows no regard for history. That shows no regard for the traditions of this body. That shows no regard for the importance of a President being abroad.  Now, I had differences with President Reagan on the way the Contra war was run. I recall we held off from any questions of that when he was going abroad for summits. I may have had differences with President Bush and some of his issues, but we held off on any discussion of that when he was going abroad for a summit.  Mr. President, with all due respect to my good friends on the other side of the aisle--and I have many--I ask them to at least take a few minutes if they are going to set the schedule, and I ask them to take a look at the history of the United States, the history of the Senate, the history of the Presidency, and know there are certain things we do in this country to demonstrate we are worthy of being only 1 of 100 men and women representing a quarter of a billion Americans.  I am deeply saddened by this. I hope this is only a momentary lapse in the kind of traditions that have kept the Senate, occasionally at least, the conscience of the Nation. I hope this is only a temporary lack of those things that show the Senate to be the best.  I thank my friend from Wisconsin.  I yield the floor.  