President, we have been considering this proposed 28th amendment to the Constitution of the United States since this session began almost 2 months ago. In fact, we have been engaged in floor debate for nearly 4 weeks. The distinguished Senator from Utah and I have begun to think we live on this floor with this debate.  Mr. President, stop and think what we are debating--a proposed 28th amendment to the Constitution. The Constitution has been amended only 17 times since the Bill of Rights. During this time, the United States has been through some very, very serious situations--the War of 1812, the Civil War, two world wars, Korea, Vietnam, the Great Depression, westward expansion. One would have to assume during that time, there have been hundreds and hundreds of times that we have seen crises in our Nation that, some would say, reached a constitutional magnitude. We know that hundreds, even thousands, of constitutional amendments have been proposed, but those who have gone before us have seen fit to only amend the Constitution 17 times--which was very wise--since the Bill of Rights.  I say this because nobody in the Senate owns a seat in the Senate. We are only passing through, no matter how long we serve. What we ought to do is remember that we have a responsibility not only to those who went before us, but those who will come after. So during this debate, some of us have tried to look at the substance behind this bumper-sticker title and even the poll-driven politics that led to this proposal, again occupying the No. 1 position in the majority's legislative agenda.  We have examined the resolution in our Judiciary Committee hearings, markup and report and during the Senate debate. We have become, and certainly the American people have become, more and more aware of the serious substantial failings in this proposal. I believe this debate has shown any objective observer that this resolution fails to meet the standards set by our founders in article V of the Constitution for its amendment: It cannot be found necessary by two-thirds of this Senate.  Moreover, the proponents have failed to answer the serious questions raised about the various provisions over the past several weeks. They have failed the Byrd challenge by being unable to demonstrate what it means and how it would work. The distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia came on this floor and, in his usual careful manner, his usual sense of history, his usual understanding of the Constitution, asked the pertinent questions: How would it work? What does it mean? What does it do? And no answer was forthcoming. Having now had an opportunity to focus on the language of the resolution before us, none of us can be confident concerning its meaning or its use.  During the course of this debate, we have had the principal proponents of the resolution concede that it does not require a balanced budget, but that it is intended to provide incentive to balance the Federal budget and exert pressure on Congress. It is intended just to make us do our job. That is not sufficient reason to amend the Constitution. As the President said in his State of the Union Message, we have but to vote a balanced budget, he has but to sign it to have a balanced budget. We do not have to tinker with the Constitution in a way that would actually throw the whole matter over to the courts, not to the President and the Congress.  The President and Congress have shown over the past 4 years that we can make progress undoing the mistakes of the deficit-building decades of the 1980's without a proposed amendment to the Constitution. We succeeded in reducing the deficit in each of the last 4 years. We have cut the deficit by more than 60 percent. At the same time, we are pursuing sound economic and fiscal policies doing those things that have made the United States economy the strongest in the world.  What we are now asked to do is tinker with obvious success. But more than that, we are asked to give people something they can put on a bumper sticker that says, ``I voted to balance the budget,'' when, indeed, it does not do that, instead of saying, ``I voted to really mess up the Constitution,'' which is what it would do.  I hope that we will think not only of our political fortunes of this day and the political polls of our State of this moment, but think of the United States and think of those who will come after us.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  