President, a court decision was issued recently which could throw the entire system of supplying milk to consumers into chaos and could lead to dramatically higher milk prices for consumers.  This decision was a runaway ruling that jeopardizes the survival of thousands of dairy farmers outside the Midwest.  The current milk marketing order system assures local milk production and reliable supplies of fresh and wholesome local milk.''  The system is designed, according to the Congressional Research Service, to avoid ``shortages of milk,'' and ``to assure consumers of adequate and dependable supplies of pure and wholesome fluid milk.''  In this respect, America is the envy of many nations in the world which have unreliable milk supplies shipped in from distant locations at high prices because there is no local competition.  Price differentials, which were struck down in this decision, help keep local producers in business, help cover the costs of transporting fluid milk, and avoid shortages of milk in supermarkets, according to CRS.  Common sense tells us that the cost of producing and transporting milk varies from region to region. A flat pricing system is flat-out wrong.  I joined with 47 of my colleagues recently in sending a letter to the Secretary of Agriculture urging him to keep the current system which assures local supplies of fresh milk to millions of American families.  The key to this system that has worked so well for decades is under attack--once again--in Minnesota.  It is no secret that Northern Midwestern States want to provide milk to the Nation. New technology is available where they can ``drain'' the water out of their milk, ship the resulting concentrate, and then reconstitute the milk at distant locations.  Over time, this new concentration of the dairy industry in Northern Midwestern States could put thousands of dairy farmers out of business around the Nation. I am very afraid that, ultimately, prices to consumers will rise as the supply of milk becomes more and more concentrated in one area of the country.  My major fear is that when Midwestern winter storms blanket roads with snow, or when freezing conditions in the North stop traffic on the interstates, or when there is a trucker's strike, that consumers in the rest of the country are going to feel lucky if they can buy milk for just $5 a gallon. Parents who need milk for children might want to pay a lot more than $5 a gallon, if they could buy milk at any price.  I do not think consumers are going to like this system of being dependent on reconstituted milk being shipped in from 1,000 miles away at who knows what price.  Our current system of encouraging local production of milk works very well for consumers. USDA has been right to promote the local production of fresh milk instead of this system of concentrating the industry in one region and then shipping products to be reconstituted into milk later.  The Court's ruling--unless stayed--will be effective almost immediately. the order will not have a great deal of effect in states fortunate enough to be in Northeast Dairy Compact, or in states that have their own milk order system such as California.  In those states, local dairy farmers should be able to stay in business and provide towns and cities with local, fresh supplies of milk.  When disasters, or winter storms hit, consumers in these areas will be able to buy milk.  USDA must appeal the decision immediately--no ifs, ands, or buts. The existence of thousands of dairy farmers is at stake.  It is unclear to me precisely which order regions will be affected by the Court order. The Order terminates Class I differentials in ``all surplus and balanced marketing orders and all deficit orders that do not rely on direct shipments of alternative milk supplies from the Upper Midwest or from other deficit orders which in turn rely on the Upper Midwest for replacement supplies.''  A balanced market is one with sufficient milk to meet demand plus a 40% reserve. A surplus market produces milk in excess of the demand and reserve percentage.  Thus, a few Southeastern states may be exempt from the Order.  For states like New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and some Southeastern states, and southern Midwestern states, impact of the Order should come swiftly as banks decline to make loans to dairy farmers.  The expectation is that producer income will drop significantly and that farmers would go out of business as lenders refuse to provide credit.  Prices in the Northern Midwest could strengthen 20 to 30 cents per hundredweight (one-hundred pounds) sold--but it is too early to really know how much their prices would go up.  This action was originally filed some years ago by Eric Olsen, Patricia Jensen, James Massey and Lynn Hayes representing the Farmers Legal Aid Action Group. It was filed before the Honorable Judge David S. Doty of the Fourth Division for the District of Minnesota.  Mr. President, I know that my distinguished colleague from Vermont, Mr. Jeffords, will also be addressing the Senate on the same issue. Again, It is about a court decision that was issued recently which could throw the entire system of supplying milk to consumers into chaos and could also lead to dramatically higher milk prices for consumers.  The decision was a runaway ruling that jeopardizes the survival of thousands of dairy farmers everywhere except the Midwest.  Now, the current milk marketing order system, which is a very complexone, assures local milk production, and it assures reliable supplies of fresh and wholesome local milk. In this respect, we are the envy here in the United States of most nations of the world. Most nations have unreliable milk supplies that are shipped in from distant locations at high prices, because there is no local competition. Common sense tells us that the cost of producing and transporting milk varies from region to region. You can't have a flatout pricing system that is the same everywhere.  Now, again, I joined with 47 other Senators recently in sending a letter to the Secretary of Agriculture urging him to keep the current system, which assures local supplies of fresh milk to millions of Americans. It's no secret that northern Midwestern States want to provide all the milk to the Nation. They have a technology where they take all the water out of their milk and you get this kind of ``glop'' that is left, and you ship it to distant places and somebody pumps some water back into it, and you end up with this reconstituted milk, which they can then sell. If you do that, what is going to happen is that the ``glop" producers of this reconstituted milk will all be in one part of the country and the rest of us will be everywhere else in the country. The rest of the country will be at their mercy, depending upon when, how often, and at what price they want to send this concentrate to us.  Now, my major fear is--especially coming from a part of the country that has severe winters--what happens when the Midwestern winter storms blanket roads with snow, or you get the freezing conditions in the North and that stops traffic on the Interstates? It happens fairly often. Or what happens when there is a truckers' strike? When that happens, I think you are going to find consumers in the country feeling lucky they can buy milk for $5 a gallon. Parents who need milk for their children might have to pay a lot more than $5 a gallon if they have to buy milk at whatever price. Whatever price they get it for, it is going to be the reconstituted ``glop'' coming to that area--and water is going to have to be added--from producers from a thousand miles away. I don't think this makes much sense. I like the system we have today, which encourages producers in a number of different areas of the country where they can produce fresh milk for the consumers at prices they can afford.  Now, the court's ruling will be effective immediately. It is not going to have a great deal of effect on the States in the Northeast dairy compact or States who have their own milk order system, such as California. In those States, local dairy farmers should be able to stay in business and provide local, fresh supplies of milk. When disasters and winter storms hit, consumers in those areas will be able to get milk. What I worry about is all the other areas.  The Department of Agriculture has to appeal this decision immediately--no ifs, ands, or buts. The existence of thousands of dairy farmers is at stake. USDA has to act for these farmers and for the consumers.  Mr. President, I see my distinguished colleague from Vermont on the floor. I now yield the floor.  