President, I want to let my colleagues know that tucked in the hundreds of pages of provisions on appropriating federal funds on existing programs in this conference report is legislative language to create a new $250 million grant program, called the ``Juvenile Accountability Incentive Block Grant.'' This newly authorized program is based on the block grant program in H.R. 3, the ``Juvenile Crime Control Act of 1997,'' although that bill have not passed or even been considered by the Senate.  This new program sounds great until you look at the proverbial fine print. Because of all the new requirements on the States this is just a tease--many States won't qualify for a penny of this money under H.R. 3 as passed by the House of Representatives on May 8, 1997.  For instance, H.R. 3 mandates that a state must set up a new system of record keeping relating to juveniles that is equivalent to the record keeping system for adults for similar conduct under state and Federal law to be eligible for this block grant. Many states would be forced to make considerable changes to their laws to comply with this mandate. And the cost of complying with this mandate, which would require capturing records for minor juvenile offenses too, is totally unknown.  My home state of Vermont, for example, would not qualify for the block grant in H.R. 3, even though my State has some of the toughest juvenile crime laws in the country, and has the lowest juvenile violent crime rates in the country. Massachusetts will not qualify either, even though that State has made enormous progress in reducing its violent crime problem. Our two States must be doing something right.  I ask why we are being forced to take up the ill-considered H.R. 3 block grant on an appropriations bill. The answer is because the Republican leadership says so. Otherwise, they might miss out on claiming credit in connection with fighting juvenile crime before Congress adjourns. I guess in their minds nothing happens that does not involve their political agenda. Fighting juvenile crime should not be about politics. Unfortunately, this heavy-handed effort is purely partisan. For a group that preaches states' rights, the Republican Leadership has no trouble trampling the hard work and insight of 50 state legislatures who have enacted juvenile crime legislation. H.R. 3 is a presumptuous attempt to have the heavy hand of the federal government dictate state criminal justice policy. This is the wrong way to craft serious legislation.  The Senate Judiciary Committee spent eight mark-ups over two months earlier this year in crafting its juvenile crime bill, the ``Violent and Repeat Juvenile Offender Act of 1997,'' S. 10. Why did Chairman Hatch and the other members of the Judiciary Committee work so hard to try to craft a bill if the Republican leadership is just going to slip parts of the House bill into a spending bill at the last minute before Congress adjourns for the year? Every Member of the Judiciary Committee worked many hours to revise S. 10 before it was reported by the Committee to the full Senate. This bill still has major problems, but is much improved because of that deliberative legislative process and much better than its House companion, H.R. 3. I am hopeful that S. 10 can be further improved on the Senate floor.  This juvenile block grant approach is flawed and would benefit from attention through the normal legislative process of hearing, public comment, review, Committee consideration, amendment and report, Senate action and House-Senate conference. Instead, the Republican leadership is trying to force this flawed block grant through the Senate.  Fortunately, we in the Senate have been able to modify the flawed block grant program in H.R. 3 to make it tolerable before it was included in this appropriations bill. I want to thank the Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, State and the Judiciary, Senator Hollings, and the Subcommittee's Chairman, Senator Gregg, for working with me, Senator Biden, and other Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee.  Our modifications make it clear that every state is eligible for the juvenile crime block grant program in this conference report. To qualify for the block grant program in this conference report, the Governor of a State may certify to the Attorney General that the State will consider legislation, policies and practices which if enacted would qualify the State for a grant under H.R. 3. Governor Dean of my home State has indicated to me that he is willing to make such a certification for Vermont to be eligible for this block grant. We have also limited this program to the 1998 Fiscal Year and made it subject to future authorization legislation.  Mr. President, I stand ready to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both houses of Congress to enact carefully considered legislation to reduce and prevent juvenile crime. But this hastily conceived block grant approach as part of this appropriations bill is the wrong way to achieve those goals.  