President, while the Senator from Arkansas is still on the floor--and while I indicate a different view than his on the amendment, I, too, join the chairman in complimenting him and the other new Senators who have spoken. When you think back to what your first speech was, it is nice to know it was on a major issue. So I compliment him for that.  Mr. President, I would note though that it is an important issue. That is why we should take it as serious as possible. We talked about amendments.  Senator Durbin, the distinguished Senator from Illinois, has also spoken,in one of his first speeches on the floor of the Senate, as eloquently and as completely and as logically and cogently as he used to speak in the other body. The Senator from Illinois has spoken of an amendment that he has offered. While we will not vote on it today, we will eventually vote on it to the balanced budget amendment. He also expressed his concern about the underlying amendment.  There is nothing inconsistent with saying that one does not want to amend the Constitution of the United States on this issue but will propose an amendment to the constitutional amendment as presented by the distinguished Senator from Utah and others. I think there is nothing inconsistent with this because all of us have a responsibility, however we vote, to try to make what is the final product as good as possible.  All Senators know that there are issues that come to this floor where we may have made up our mind how we would vote on the underlying piece of legislation, either for or against it, but yet we will be involved in numerous amendments before we get there.  I have voted against amendments on a bill when I finally voted for the final bill and vice versa. I have had legislation of my own that I have sponsored and have then supported amendments to my own legislation, amendments offered either by myself or other Senators. I have supported amendments to my own legislation offered by Senators from the other side of the aisle on major pieces of legislation on numerous occasions because while I thought I had brought a good piece of legislation to the floor of the Senate, other Senators brought up amendments that I realized, in listening to the debate, made that legislation even better.  I can think of various times during the years when I was chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, when I would have a farm bill, a major piece of nutrition legislation, and others on the floor--legislation that I had been the principal author of--and Senators on both sides of the aisle, both Republicans and Democrats, had come up with amendments which, after listening to them, I felt that they made the underlying piece of legislation better and voted for them.  I can think of a couple instances when I have had legislation on the floor where Senators have been very candid and told me they would not vote for my piece of legislation, but on the possibility it might pass they had an amendment which at least in their thought would make it better. It is a very legitimate thing to do. We debated those amendments. Some were accepted, some were not.  The underlying amendment, the underlying proposed constitutional amendment, is unsound economic policy and should be rejected for that reason. But you also go on the assumption that any piece of legislation may pass. It is the responsibility of each of us to offer suggestions, if we have them, of how it may be improved. Senator Durbin's amendment to waive this article in the event of an economic recession or serious economic emergency is right on point, and it does improve the legislation.  One should listen in that regard to the economic experts. More than 1,000 of the Nation's most respected economists, including at least 11 Nobel laureates, as well as a former chair of President Nixon's Council of Economic Advisers, the current and former Federal Reserve Board Chairman, former Democrat and Republican Directors of the Congressional Budget Office, all agree this amendment is unsound economic policy.  The distinguished senior Senator from the State of West Virginia [Mr. Byrd] held a news conference in which he released the signatures of more than 1,000 economists and had a number of economists, Professor Tobin and others, who pointed out why they felt this proposed constitutional amendment was bad economic policy. These economists, incidentally, were across the political spectrum. They all agreed that the proposed amendment would hamper the Government's ability to cope with economic downturns.  Economists and financial experts agree that this proposed balanced budget constitutional amendment will straitjacket the economy in hard times. It will hamstring the adjustment mechanisms that have been developed since the Great Depression to preserve jobs and restore the economy after a downturn.  Being opposed to the constitutional amendment is an entirely different thing than being opposed to a balanced budget. This Congress, under very strong leadership from President Clinton, has brought the deficit down 4 years in a row and is now going to go for the fifth year in a row. Certainly since I have been old enough to vote, no President, Republican or Democrat, has done that before. The deficit is coming down.  Were it not for the fact that we were now paying almost half billion dollars a day in interest on the deficits run up in President Reagan and Bush's budgets, we would not even have a deficit today. We would have a surplus, and we could start applying that surplus to the national debt.  I urge Senators to understand that people like the Senator from Vermont and others who have cast very, very difficult votes, politically unpopular votes to cut programs, to cut spending, to bring down the deficit, do not need to be shown a constitutional amendment that some day in the next century, the next millennium, it might have some effect. We can vote right now. As President Clinton said in his State of the Union Message, all it takes is our vote and his signature to bring down any deficit. We can do it now rather than saying, well, sometime in the next millennium, the year 2000-something, maybe there will be this untried amendment to the Constitution, only the 18th amendment to the Constitution since the Bill of Rights. Instead, we should have the courage to vote to bring the deficit down now.  Some of us in this Congress and the House and Senate have had the courage for 4 years in a row to cast those votes to bring down the deficit. I wish we were not paying that half billion dollars a day in interest from the doubling and tripling of the national debt during the 1980's. But to President Clinton's credit and the credit of those men and women who have voted with him to bring down the deficit, it is coming down.  Let us think about the flexibility you do need in difficult times. President Herbert Hoover, who was a great engineer and had many wonderful characteristics, but not a sense of the economy, felt during an early recession in his term that the most important thing he could do to bring about some confidence in this country was to take whatever steps necessary to have a balanced budget--basically taking the steps that would be required by this constitutional amendment. By doing that, it plunged this country into the worst depression it has known in its 200-year history.  If the economy today takes a downturn and Americans are losing their jobs as happened in the early 1990's, then this proposed constitutional amendment makes it more difficult for our Government to respond to the needs of working families.  As Treasury Secretary Rubin, a man who has proven by his own life that he understands the economy and economics, testified before the Judiciary Committee--and, incidentally, without any expert refuting what he said--Secretary Rubin said he thought ``a balanced budget amendment would subject the Nation to unacceptable economic risk in perpetuity. * * * A balanced budget amendment could turn slowdowns into recessions and recessions into more severe recessions or even depressions.''  To date, no competent, recognized expert has come forward and refuted what Secretary Rubin said. Thus, the 1,060 economists and 11 Nobel laureates who are opposing the proposed constitutional amendment condemn it because the amendment ``mandates perverse actions in the face of recessions.''  I am deeply concerned about the impact the balanced budget amendment will have on jobs for working families in Vermont and across the country during times of recession. If I put a human face on it, I put a human face of 560,000 Vermonters. We are a fiscally conservative State. We find when we sell bonds from Vermont, they sell out virtually immediately because people know how we feel about keeping our books. We do not have a constitutional amendment to balance the budget in the Vermont State Constitution. Whatwe have are 180 Vermont legislators who treat every tax dollar as though it were their own. Governors, Republicans and Democrats, felt the same, who realized, however, at such time as Vermont, a small State, has gone into a recession, there are times it has had to spend some money to help us out of it as a responsibility to the people of Vermont.  I hate to think what might happen if we go into a deep recession and people are being laid off from jobs and are told, ``Well, we cannot help out.'' There are none of the programs we normally see to ease recessions and get our economy going again. I realize it is 25 below zero in Vermont. I realize you have just been laid off from a job you have had for 15 years, but the various Federal programs that we started after the Great Depression cannot be funded.  As Secretary Rubin explained, the so-called automatic stabilizers in our economy would be ineffective under this proposed constitutional amendment. These are mechanisms that have been developed over the last 50 years to reduce the extremes of the boom-and-bust cycles. They are intended to prevent another Great Depression. They have proven effective over time.  Secretary Rubin testified:       ``[W]ithout automatic stabilizers, the Treasury Department      has estimated unemployment in 1992 that resulted from the      1990 recession might have hit 9 percent instead of 7.7      percent, which would have been in excess of 1 million jobs      lost.''  Some of these things that helped, when I think about 1988 and 1992, we were adding around 40,000 people a week to the food stamp rolls to help bring us back. In the last 4 years, we have been taking millions back off the food stamp rolls. It shows it can work.  The preamble to the Constitution and its stated purpose to ``promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,'' ought not be overridden by a constitutional amendment that denies jobs to hundreds of thousands of working families in hard times.  People talk about the Federal Reserve Board. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan reiterated his opposition to the proposed constitutional amendment during questioning by Senator Lautenberg during his testimony before the Senate Budget Committee. Federal Reserve Chairman Greenspan urged the Senate Budget Committee to continue to eliminate the deficit. He did join Secretary Rubin and our Nation's leading economists in the conclusion that this proposed constitutional amendment places too many constraints on our economy.  This so-called escape hatch allowing a waiver of its provisions by a supermajority vote of three-fifths of both Houses of Congress is small comfort to America's working families, because many national recessions start out in different regions of the country. For example, the most recent recession hit New England first.  What if citizens of New England, who have fewer Members of the House of Representatives than other regions of the country, needed help? Or, conversely, what if a very populous region of the country suddenly had a recession? Do they become the only ones who can get help? Could New England get Senators and Representatives from other States, which are still experiencing good times, to waive the constitutional balanced budget requirement to help protect their livelihoods?  Prof. Robert Eisner of Northwestern University, a past president of the American Economic Association, understood the economic problems under this proposed constitutional amendment when he wrote:       One need only recall the near collapses, in recent years,      of the economies in New England, California, and Texas. Who      would bail them out if their own tax revenues again decline      and there were surges of claims for unemployment benefits,      food stamps, and general assistance?  One of the reasons for having this great Nation of 50 States is so that we can work together to help each other, knowing that if a tornado hits one part of the country and not others, or a recession hits one region and not others, relief would be available. Relief for economic recessions and emergencies has to be flexible. None of us can predict, and certainly cannot write into a constitutional amendment, when the next natural disaster will hit or the next recession will take place, because usually a swift response from the Federal Government is needed to aid State and local relief efforts. Economic emergency relief by constitutional supermajority mandate is a prescription for gridlock, not swift action.  It would make no sense--if there is a terrible earthquake in California, or awful flooding in the Midwest, or a drought in the Southeast, or a recession in New England--to say we can't do anything to help because we need a supermajority vote.  When your State or region is hit by a major recession or emergency, do you want critical Federal assistance to hang on the whims of 41 Senators or 175 Representatives? That is all it would take. We have 535 Members of Congress. All 535 Members of those bodies--save a critical 41--could vote and you may not be helped.  Our Founders rejected this requirement of supermajorities. We should look to their sound reasons for rejecting supermajority requirements before we impose on our most vulnerable citizens a three-fifths supermajority requirement to provide Federal relief from recessions and serious economic emergencies.  In fact, I urge some to go back and read ``The Federalist Papers,'' read what our Founders wrote. I hope that all Senators have read them. But if they haven't, now is as good a time as any to add to your education, improve your mind, and acquire a sense of history. It is why Senators, for 200 years, have resisted the temptation to amend the Constitution unnecessarily--17 times since the Bill of Rights, that's all. Surely, we have had more than 17 times in this country when we have had the urge to do it, when it has been politically popular to do it, when we could point to political polls of the moment that said 70 percent of the country wanted us to amend the Constitution. We have taken polling where people have taken our Bill of Rights--those things that protect us from unlawful search and seizure, protect us in our right of free speech and religion--there have been polls and studies done that would just break down the words and ask the people, and the majority would say, oh, no, we could not vote for that. Then they are surprised to find that it is in the Bill of Rights.  The Constitution should not be a prisoner of that moment's public opinion polls. The Constitution should be protected by the best instincts and the greatest sense of responsibility of every man and woman in the Senate and in the House. If we start voting by popular public opinion poll and not by a sense of history and not by what is best for the next generation, then we fail in our own responsibilities here.  Mr. President, I grew up in a family that revered the Constitution. I grew up in a family that understood the first amendment. I grew up in a family that knew that so much of what makes us Americans is in the Bill of Rights. In my public life as a prosecutor, as a lawyer and, more important, as a husband and a father, I have realized the advantages I have that no one in any other country has because of the protections in the Constitution. I also realize that those protections came because my predecessors, and all our predecessors in these bodies, resisted the temptation to amend the Constitution every time that it was popular. I hope we will not do it now.  The sponsors of this measure repeatedly outline the dangers of a budget deficit. We are all in favor of bringing down the deficit, as we have done for the last 4 years. But these sponsors have failed to address how the proposed constitutional amendment will provide for the flexibility needed in economic downturns, without holding working families and hard-hit regions hostage to a supermajority vote.  Senator Durbin's amendment restores that flexibility by requiring a simple majority vote to respond to economic recessions and emergencies.  Whether you are for or against this constitutional amendment, we should take the effort to make it a better constitutional amendment. Certainly, Senator Durbin's amendment does that, and it deserves our support.  Mr. President, I see my friend from Utah on the floor. Maybe he can give us some idea of what he plans to do with our lives for the rest of the day.  