President, as I listened to the debate on the floor of the Senate, I heard that the budget deficits begin in Congress and not with the President. Let's look at the facts. During the Reagan years President Reagan got 99.999 percent of everything he asked for in the budget, including the deficit. In fact, during those years President Reagan vetoed only one appropriations bill. Only one spending bill did President Reagan veto. Why? Because it didn't spend as much money as he had requested. Congress actually had come back with less money than he requested. So he vetoed the bill and asked for more money.  So let's just fully understand what happened. It was the same way with the Bush administration. The budget was what the President asked for. But let's assume that it begins here in the Congress. Then, I ask my friends in the Republican majority, where is your budget? You can't have it both ways. You can't say that the budget deficits are the fault of the Congress and those who lead the Congress. Republicans lead the Congress. Where is the budget?  Instead of spending weeks and weeks and weeks on the floor debating how we might amend the Constitution--it has been amended only 17 times since the Bill of Rights--instead of debating why we would amend the Constitution with an amendment that even its proponents can't explain its consequences, trying to amend the Constitution just because somebody is taking a poll and says that is popular without going into the details of what is involved, instead of spending all of the time doing that, why not actually negotiate the details of the historic agreement of trying to balance the budget? Why aren't we doing that? Because it is easier to pass a constitutional amendment which is so flawed that even its proponents cannot say what it does to Social Security, what it does to a capital budget, what it does to a court challenge, what it does to the power of purse. It is easier to do that than to sit down and say, let's talk about the tough votes, let's talk about what we do with school lunch, let's talk about what we do with the defense budget, let's talk about what we do with Medicare, let's talk about what we do with Medicaid, let's talk about what we do with a farm program, or a foreign program, and on and on and on.  That means that every time you come up to vote, you are going to anger somebody; you are going to anger a special interest group on the right, or you are going to anger a special interest group on the left.  So it is a lot easier to say, let's just toss it over to the courts, let's toss it over to a constitutional amendment, let's toss it to something that we can't even explain. We can't even say what it does to Social Security or to a capital budget or anything else. But we can go home with a slogan that has been tested by the polls and by focus groups. We can say, ``I voted to balance the budget.'' Boloney. It is sort of like me voting to grow hair. It might make me feel good, but ``it ain't gonna work.'' It is the same thing here.  In light of all we have experienced, but also what we have accomplished in the last 4 years in bringing the deficit down in each of those 4 years, there is no basis today for seriously contending that a constitutional amendment is needed or that it is a necessary substitute for political will or even that it is the only way to achieve a balanced budget. We have shown in 4 years of bringing down the deficit--and now going into a fifth--that there are other ways.  During the course of time that has been reserved for debate on this proposed constitutional amendment, there has been a good deal of talk about the President's proposed budget. The President made a State of the Union Address on February 4. He submitted his statement on his proposed balanced budget the following day. Then on the next day, February 6, the President sent his proposed budget to Congress. My good friends in the Republican Party have been quick to criticize that proposed budget, but they left out one thing in their criticism. They never said where their budget is or what their budget does. I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle, Where is your budget? If you want to say that the budgets really come from the Congress, you are in the majority. You run the Congress. You turn the lights on in the morning. You turn them off at night. In between, prepare a budget. Where is the alternative? Where are the proposed amendments to the President's plan?  I hope that we do not get into partisan harping and carping and, instead, get on to the process of developing a bipartisan consensus. It is not going to be easy, Mr. President. Like so many other Members who have voted to bring the deficit down 4 years in a row, I bear the scars of saying no to every special interest group from the right to the left when I voted for cut after cut after cut--the farm bill being one good example of that, the Lugar-Leahy farm bill. Item after item, we have done it not by gimmicks but by solid votes. But it has been a month now and we have not seen a proposal for modification of the President's budget nor have we seen an alternative for the majority party. The President even came to Capitol Hill to meet with congressional leaders, going the extra mile--going the extra 2 or 3 miles.  We are fast approaching our statutorily imposed deadline of April 15 for a budget resolution. So let's see what this budget resolution is going to be, and let's debate it. Let's proceed to debate the budget and, in the words of Secretary Rubin, ``finish the job of balancing the budget by the year 2002.'' It has been 4 years of bringing the deficit down, and we are about go into the fifth year of bringing it down. Let's get a budget that does the job.  What it means is that the Republicans and the Democrats are going to have to hold hands, and we are going to have to vote in a way that is going to offend some of our core constituencies. But the American people in the long run will be better off. Certainly the American people would be better off and the world's strongest economy would be better off without tinkering with the Constitution, which basically becomes a judicial nightmare and does nothing to balance the budget.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  