President, we are now at the end of May. We have confirmed a grand total of two judges in this session. If we confirm these, it will make five, one a month, which is zero population growth in the Federal judiciary.  I will not ask for a rollcall, but we have been told over and over again these were all being held up so we could have rollcalls on them. I suspect we will not have them because it will be embarrassing to see that three excellent, well-qualified judges, held up all this time, then would get voted on virtually unanimously.  I will also note Margaret Morrow, the one woman who was on the panel on this, still is not before the Senate and still is being held for mysterious holds on the Republican side.  I urge my good friend, the majority leader--and he is my good friend--I urge him to do this. I have been here 22 years with outstanding majority leaders, Republicans and Democrats, with Senator Mansfield, Senator Byrd, Senator Baker, Senator Dole, and Senator Mitchell as majority leaders. And now I have the opportunity to serve with the distinguished Senator from Mississippi as the majority leader.  No majority leader has ever allowed the Senate before to do what is happening to the Federal judiciary now. I urge my friend from Mississippi not to allow this Senate to be the first Senate that acts toward the Federal judiciary or diminishes the integrity and the independence of our Federal judiciary, the integrity and independence recognized and commended and praised throughout the world, to let it be diminished here.  I urge the distinguished majority leader to work with the distinguished Democratic leader, the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Hatch, and myself and others, to move these judges. We have 100 vacancies. We have 25 to 28 sitting before the committee that could go immediately, or nearly immediately. We have to do this and stop--stop--the belittling and diminishing of our Federal judiciary. It is part of what makes this a great democracy. We should not allow it to happen.  I will not object to the request of the distinguished majority leader.  