 I had a close working relationship with his predecessor, Anne Bingaman. I hope that we can develop that kind of relationship, as well.  Mr. Klein has been buffeted a good bit since being nominated. He had to answer some tough questions during his nomination hearing about approving the Bell Atlantic-NYNEX merger without conditions. After the Judiciary Committee reported his nomination to the Senate on May 8, he responded to a letter from Senator Burns and succeeded in convincing our colleague to remove his hold on this nomination. That letter and an addendum filed by Mr. Klein as Acting Assistant Attorney in connection with the application of SBC Communications before the FCC raised serious concerns for a number of other Senators, however.  Last week the Senate proceeded by unanimous consent to consideration of this nomination. Until that moment, I understood there to have been Republican holds against this nominee. Why the Republican leadership proceeded immediately upon calling up this nomination to file a cloture petition, they will have to explain. In fact, we had worked out a time agreement for the debate before the unnecessary cloture vote on Monday. That agreement was confirmed by the majority and minority leaders and pursuant thereto we are debating the nomination today.  In this regard, I note the consistent willingness of Senator Hollings to debate and vote on this nomination from the outset, and the sincere efforts of Senators Dorgan and Kerrey to obtain clarification of issues that concern many of us.  I have given a good deal of thought to this nomination. I believe that the Antitrust Division and the Assistant Attorney General who heads it are extremely important to effective enforcement of our laws and protection of American consumers. I have come to rely on them for advice as we draft legislation and develop policies to foster competition.  I hope to continue to do so. I believe that the President is to be given significant deference on his selections for his Administration team. The Attorney General has contacted us in support of Mr. Klein and his interpretation of the law, and that means a good deal to me. As I consider the legal interpretations and policies in question, I do not find myself in total agreement with the Acting Assistant Attorney General. Nonetheless, I will vote to confirm him.  Unlike some who have spoken in opposition to this nomination, I feel that a good deal of the fault I find with Mr. Klein's positions stems from the Telecommunications Act of 1996. I worked hard to correct and improve that act's weak and deferential standards for ensuring competition. In some measure we succeeded in strengthening the act, but other significant provisions that I supported to foster competition and protect consumers were rejected. That was a principal factor in my decision to vote against that act--the bill was not strong enough.  Others predicted that passage of the Telecommunications Act would launch an era of competition in which cable companies would compete with the regional Bell operating companies for local phone service, long distance companies would compete with the Bells in both local and long distance services, and regional Bell operating companies would compete against each other. The promise of competition was a sales pitch but has not materialized to benefit American consumers. Instead of competition, we see entrenchment, mega-mergers, consolidation, and the divvying up of markets.  I, too, hoped that the Justice Department Antitrust Division would act aggressively to protect consumers and foster competition. I have noted my concerns during Mr. Klein's confirmation hearing in my questioning of his unconditional approval of the Bell Atlantic-NYNEX merger. If the current law only serves to protect against mergers that tend to diminish competition where it already exists, it may betime to amend the law to foster competition where none has existed. I hope that Joel Klein will help us do that.  I was taken aback by the language Mr. Klein used in his May 20 letter to Senator Burns by which he ``specifically rejected the suggestion in the conference report'' on the Telecommunications Act that the 8(c) test be employed. But the more that I reviewed the matter, the more I realized that much of the fault lies with the conference report itself and the Telecommunications Act's failure to provide a definitive test.  I was not appointed to serve on that conference committee, although I was serving as the ranking Democrat on the Antitrust Subcommittee on the Judiciary Committee at the time. I would have wanted to help that conference incorporate a stronger test into the law. That did not happen.  It is my hope that working with the Department of Justice we can now help ensure that the test the Attorney General has adopted--that the local market be fully and irreversibly open to competition--is a meaningful standard and strong enforcement tool. If not, Congress should revisit it and strengthen it.  I do think that Senator Hollings is correct when he criticizes the addendum to the Justice Department's submission in connection with the SBC Communications application. Both Senator Hollings and Congressman Bliley concur as principal drafters of the law regarding their intent and its meaning. I trust that the Antitrust Division will review its position on the proper meaning of section 271 of the Telecommunications Act and its requirement for competing service providers to offer facilities-based services.  In opening the debate on this nomination, Senator Hatch cited ``ambiguities left in the wake of the Telecommunications law'' and ``unsettled policy areas'' and said:       But I believe it is neither fair nor wise to hold a nominee      hostage because of such concerns, especially one as competent      and decent as Joel Klein. In my view, sound public policy is      best served by bringing this nominee up for a vote permitting      the Justice Department to proceed with a confirmed chief of      the Antitrust Division, and for us in Congress to move      forward and work with the Department and other involved      agencies in the formulation and implementation of      telecommunications policies.  I agree. I look forward to the Judiciary Committee and our Antitrust Subcommittee exploring these important competition and antitrust policy matters. I will likewise expect Senator Hatch to support other Administration nominees for areas in which policies are in controversy.  Now that the majority leader has moved to implement his new hold policy of proceeding on nominations, I trust he will not delay any further the nomination of Eric Holder to be Deputy Attorney General and that he will promptly move to consideration of the judicial nominations reported by the Judiciary Committee over the last several weeks.  Some wrongly view confirmation as the end of the nominee's work with the Senate. I hope that this is just the beginning of Assistant Attorney General Joel Klein's work with us to protect consumers and foster competition. This is an awesome responsibility.  