President, I don't see the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee, so I will take the 5 minutes on this side.  Obviously, this is a case where, I assume, Ronald Gilman will be confirmed, and I congratulate him.  I am pleased that the majority leader has decided to take up the nomination of Ronald L. Gilman to be a judge for the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Gilman currently works as a partner for Farris, Mathews, Gilman, Branan & Hellen, P.L.C. in Memphis, TN, an adjunct professor of trial advocacy for the University of Memphis Law School, an arbitrator and mediator for the American Arbitration Association in Nashville, TN, an arbitrator and mediator for the National Association of Securities Dealers in Chicago, IL, and as a dalkon shield referee for the Private Adjudication Center in Cary, NC. The ABA gave Mr. Gilman its highest evaluation--a unanimous well qualified rating.  In addition to his paid legal service, Mr. Gilman currently volunteers on behalf of the Memphis, TN and American Bar Associations, the Association of Attorney-Mediators and the Commercial Law Affiliates.  I congratulate Mr. Gilman and his family, and I look forward to his service on the Sixth Circuit of the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals.  I am also delighted that the Judiciary Committee plans to consider 15 judicial nominations at its executive business meeting today. I am hopeful that these nominations may be considered by the full Senate before we adjourn for the year.  Mr. President, we have seen this time and time again where judges are held up because people are concerned about them, we are told, and then we have a rollcall vote on them and virtually every Senator votes for them. I mention this because no matter how many times we are told that we have to look very carefully at these judges, that they have concerns about them, it is obvious the Senate is not concerned about them and the Senate votes for them.  The same thing has happened with Bill Lann Lee. It is a case where the whole Senate would vote for Bill Lann Lee, that he would be confirmed overwhelmingly as Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division, but a small ideological group has decided that while they could not defeat Bill Lann Lee on the floor, a minority of the minority would try to defeat him and vote to block him in committee.  It seems the Republican leadership is determined to sacrifice Bill Lann Lee to narrow ideological politics. If the Republican leadership were to allow the Senate to vote on this outstanding nominee, a majority of the Senate, Republicans and Democrats, would vote to confirm him. Unfortunately, the press accounts this morning are that conservative Republicans have decided to block him by a minority of the minority. They have vowed not to allow this nomination to be considered by the Senate before adjournment this year.  This is not democracy. This is not the Senate at its best. This is the Senate at its worst, twisting the rules. The reason the Republican leadership gives for trying to kill this nomination is that Bill Lann Lee agrees with the President. It is not so much about Bill Lee as Bill Clinton. The President won election, and he won reelection. For the Senate to refuse to proceed to this nomination because Mr. Lee honestly testified that he would adhere to policies of equal justice consistent with those of the President is wrong.  Mr. President, can we have order, please? I cannot hear myself.  