President, I want to speak on the issue of funding for international family planning, which is contained in this omnibus bill.  The agreement on the Mexico City policy that was approved by the Appropriations Committee yesterday, is the result of weeks of tortuous negotiations. It would establish the Mexico City policy in statute for 2 years. That is a major concession to the House that is opposed by the administration. It would permit him to waive the Mexico City restrictions.  But there is a penalty if he does. Funding for family planning would be frozen at last year's level, which is the House level and $50 million below the Senate level.  Even with the waiver for the President, I believe that if the Mexico City issue were voted on separately in the Senate it would be defeated. We are including it as part of this larger package in an effort to pass the Foreign Operations conference report.  It is interesting to me that despite the fact that 5 months ago the Appropriations Committee reported and the Senate voted for $435 million for international family planning programs with no Mexico City restrictions, despite the fact that the Senate voted the same way in February, and the same way last year, despite the fact that the House and Senate Foreign Operations conferees would have overwhelmingly supported the Senate position if the House leadership had allowed them to vote on it, Members of the House are already saying that they will not accept it because it permits the President to waive the Mexico City restrictions.  Under their approach, the United States could not fund organizations that support laws to make abortion safer in countries where abortion is legal. And they expect the President, and the Secretary of State who is seen around the world as a champion for women's rights, to accept the Mexico City policy. It completely ignores reality. If they are unwilling to budge we are doomed to failure, because their approach would be vetoed. In fact, I cannot even say that the Mexico City policy with a waiver for the President, as we have done, would not be vetoed.  Mr. President, I was perfectly willing to have a vote in the conference committee, and I am more than willing to vote on this today or next year.  But the House has been unwilling to do that. They prefer to try to thwart the process in other ways.  They are all for democracy in Russia. They are outraged when the Haitian Parliament does not follow the rules. But if they do not have the votes here, they break their commitments, manipulate the parliamentary rules to their advantage, and obstruct the democratic process.  Six years ago we had the votes to defeat the Mexico City policy, which was the policy in effect during the previous administration, just as we have the votes in the Senate today. But we knew our position would be vetoed, and that we could not override a veto.  So rather than bring the Congress to a standstill, we accepted that we could not change the President's policy and we got the Foreign Operations Conference Report passed and signed into law.  Today the tables are turned. The supporters of Mexico City do not have the votes to get it through the Congress, and even if they did they could not override a veto.  But rather than accept that, rather than concede that they cannot win a fair fight, they prevented the conference committee from doing its job, they refused an offer to vote when they knew they would lose, and they tried to force their position through so that we would either have to shut down the government again or swallow their position without an opportunity to amend it.  That is exactly what they did two years ago. The result was that funds for family planning were cut sharply. They tried it again last week, when they sent over the Mexico City policy and tried to jam it through with only Republican names on the Conference Report. They were blocked at the last minute by members of their own party.  Mr. President, the irony of this is that not one dime of our money can be spent on abortion or to lobby for abortion. That has been the law for years.  This issue is about what private organizations, like Johns Hopkins University, like Georgetown University, like the University of North Carolina , like the International Planned Parenthood Federation, do with their own money.  It is about whether we have a policy that says it is okay to give money to foreign governments in countries where abortion is legal, but it is not okay to give money to private organizations that work in those same countries. It is totally illogical and discriminatory.  The compromise agreement contained in this omnibus bill will make no one happy. I do not like it because it puts into law the Mexico City policy, which I strongly oppose even for two years. Others on this side feel the same way. They see that this is a major concession to the pro-Mexico City faction in the House, and they are right. The administration does not like it either.  It also means that funding for family planning remains frozen at last year's level of $385 million. That is a $180 million cut from the 1995 level. I think that is a travesty, when so many people around the world want family planning services and cannot get them. Not abortion. Family planning, so they don't have to resort to abortion.  That is the choice. In Russia, where women had on average 7 abortions in their lifetimes because they had no access to family planning, that number has fallen sharply since we started a family planning program there. It is common sense.  I would like to see twice this amount of money going for family planning, but we have agreed to this level, which is a $50 million cut from the amount that passed the Senate in July, as part of this agreement to try to finish these appropriations bills.  Mr. President, the House can reject this approach. Perhaps they do not believe the President when he says he will veto the Mexico City policy. I do not know how many times he has to say it.  It was not easy to get here. When there is a Republican in the White House, or the votes change in the Senate, I am sure the other side will want to vote because they will be confident of victory. But that is not where we are today.  I hope the House can improve on this approach. I would be overjoyed if they can find a way to keep the Mexico City policy out of the law entirely, without including the kind of harmful restrictions on the disbursement of family planning funds that were adopted last year. If the supporters of the Mexico City policy want it so badly, why not vote on it?  As I have said time and again, I would prefer to handle this by voting on Mexico City next year. We could agree that if it is defeated in the Senate, the funds would be disbursed on a quarterly basis through the 1998 fiscal year. I know that approach has bipartisan support in the House. In fact, the Chairman of the House Appropriations Committee has suggested that approach. Whether it could win a majority I do not know, but I encourage the House to pursue it.  