President, Senate Joint Resolution 22 does not advance the administration of justice and is not authorized by the independent counsel law. I believe it an inappropriate effort to subvert the independent counsel process.  We spent 4 days debating this. We have yet to confirm one single judge. We may possibly have a vote on a nominee to one of the almost 100 Federal judge vacancies before we go on our second vacation. We have not had 1 minute of debate on a budget resolution. We have not had 1 minute of debate on the chemical weapons treaty. We have not had 1 minute of debate on the juvenile crime bill. But we spent 4 days on this.  I would have thought that the day the President leaves for an international summit with the President of Russia would not be an appropriate time for attacking the President. I would have thought it a time for coming together to demonstrate to the rest of the world that Democrats and Republicans can work together and can at least show support for the President of the United States as he pursues the interests of the United States in his meetings with the President of Russia.  That is the way we have always done it. In my 22 years here, under the majority leadership of Mr. Mansfield, Mr. Byrd, Mr. Baker, Mr. Mitchell, and Mr. Dole, we have always, always followed the rule that we do not bring something onto the floor of this Senate attacking the President of the United States as he is about to go into a summit.  Apparently, as the distinguished Senator from West Virginia said, there is a meanness going through this town, and that rule that has always been followed, a bipartisan rule always followed with Democratic and Republican Presidents, always followed with Democratic and Republican leaders, is not going to be followed here today. I think that is unfortunate. I think it gives an unfortunate image to the rest of the world, and it certainly is not in the best traditions of the U.S. Senate.  It is also ironic that we are being asked to take this action today knowing that last Thursday the Republicans and Democrats on the House and Senate Judiciary Committees sent written requests to the Attorney General invoking the statutory provisions that provide a limited role for Congress in the independent counsel process.  And, of course, this resolution would call for an independent counsel only for the President--it is restricted to the 1996 Presidential campaign. This resolution carefully crafted so that it won't touch any of the Republicans or Democrats in the Senate or Republicans or Democrats in the House. In other words, we say we are like Caesar's wife, we are above all this, we are untainted by any scandals. But go after the President and the Vice President; and, incidentally, let's really slam the President as he heads off to negotiate with the only other President of a nuclear superpower. I think the resolutiontakes too narrow a view if we are up to making demands upon the Attorney General for an independent counsel. The resolution shields congressional fundraising practices from investigation.  Boy, somebody is not reading the paper. It didn't make sense to try to shield us from an investigation when the same limits were proposed in connection with the funding resolution for the Governmental Affairs Committee, and it does not make sense or increase our credibility with the public now.  Indeed, today, the Washington Post had a front page story reporting that a lobbyist for a foreign government was shaken down last summer by the same Member of the House who now chairs their investigation into alleged campaign fundraising abuses. Incidentally, this was not only the lobbyist but, if this article is accurate, it even went to the ambassador of a foreign power.  We on the Judiciary Committee and in the Congress have done all that the statute allows with respect to the determination by the Attorney General. The 30-day period for the Attorney General's response has begun to run. We do not need to do anything further on this at this time.  We ought to get about the real business of the U.S. Senate and abandon this ill-conceived effort to instruct the Attorney General how to proceed. She doesn't need our guidance and I do not want to derail the investigations that are under way.  But if we have to engage in this kind of sideshow, as the President leaves for an international summit, let us at least restrain ourselves from seeking to pressure the head of our Federal law enforcement agency and instead pass the alternative form of resolution that urges her to resist political pressure and follow the law. Incidentally, unlike the original resolution, the alternative resolution, Senate Joint Resolution 23, does not shield the Congress from any investigation.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  