President, last Congress we passed legislation I had written to provide criminal penalties for unauthorized snooping in computers. I understand that the Republican leadership is bringing up an extension of that legislation today. I am happy to see them bring it up, but I also point out to the American people that we have already passed some very strong legislation on this.  In fact, in terms of privacy protection legislation, we could have passed additional, strong legislation last year to provide protection and criminal sanctions against misuse of personal medical information, except that the Republican leadership objected to it. That medical records confidentiality legislation was we put together in a bipartisan fashion with Senator Bennett of Utah, myself, and others, based on work a number of us have been doing for years, but we were blocked when it was going to pass last year. I hope that the Republican leadership willingness to extend protections against government snooping into private financial records will signal a new attitude and willingness to address the crisis that is looming with respect to the confidentiality of health care information, as well.  I think we have to ask, why is it suddenly so important to take up this IRS bill today without consideration by the Senate Judiciary Committee or any Senate Committee. Aha, what is today? April 15. This is, as more and more things around here are, a staged event for partisan political purposes. This is tax day, to be sure. But, unfortunately, the Republican majority is looking for something to do and something to distract from the fact that it is not doing what it is supposed to do today.  Along with all Americans we have to file our income taxes today, April 15. The Republican leadership of the House and Senate, however, is supposed to pass a budget by April 15. I suspect that there are tens of millions of Americans who are getting their taxes filed by today. When they go down to file their taxes, having stayed up late and worked it out, they should ask the leadership in the House and Senate if that Republican leadership has done what the law requires them to do--to have a budget by April 15. Guess what? Has one been passed? No. Has one even been debated? No. There is a law that says that, by April 15, we must pass it, but today will come and go and the Senate will miss its statutory deadline.  Now, I ask my friends throughout this country, Republican, Democrat, and Independent, if you don't follow the law that says you have to file and pay your taxes by April 15, what is going to happen? Aha, you might suddenly become a guest of the State, in a very secure place--bars on the windows, bars on the doors.  What happens to the leadership of the House and the Senate if they don't obey the law and have a budget passed by April 15? They will be on the floor in the House and the Senate with a distraction.  So while I support the extension of the law we introduced in 1995 and passed last year in order to cover the paper records of the IRS, I remain concerned that the Senate is not making the progress that we need to make on the Federal budget, on the chemical weapons treaty, and on confirming Federal judges. We have confirmed two Federal judges in 4 months. There are 100 vacancies. Talk about zero population growth. At this rate, at the end of the Congress there will 150 vacancies.  Then there's campaign finance reform. Remember campaign finance reform? Has anybody heard of it since the handshake in New Hampshire. Ha, ha and ho, ho. The Republican leadership could bring up campaign finance reform this afternoon if they wanted to. You are not going to see it.  I understand that the House plans to use the Constitution as a political prop again today. I guess I should at least be grateful that the Senate has avoided that temptation--for today.  All I suggest, Mr. President, is that the American people are required to follow the law and file their taxes today. The U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives are required to have a budget by today--and we are waiting.  Privacy is a precious right of every American. When our own Government workers abuse their access to personal information and compromise our privacy, it is doubly wrong.  While I was happy that we are taking this matter up today and to support it, I comment briefly on the manner inwhich this matter is proceeding. Unfortunately, the Senate of the United States is not doing the work that needs to be done to serve the interests of the American people. We are not confirming the Federal judges that we all need, we are not making progress on balancing the budget, we are not considering the chemical weapons treaty, and we are not considering campaign finance reform legislation.  I commend Senator Glenn for his efforts in following up on his longstanding efforts to monitor abuse of access to Internal Revenue returns and information by Government employees.  When we file our tax returns today and the American people reveal to the Government intimate details about their personal finances, we rightfully expect that the Internal Revenue Service and its employees will treat that information with confidentiality, as the law has long contemplated. Reports that IRS employees are snooping through these files to satisfy their own voyeuristic urges are unacceptable. Unauthorized browsing by IRS employees has been a longstanding problem, according to a recent GAO report, and one that has concerned a number of us for years.  It is one of the principal circumstances that motivated me to include within legislation that I authored last Congress criminal sanctions against unauthorized snooping. Back in June 1995, I introduced, with Senators Kyl and Grassley, legislation making snooping through use of Government computers a crime. We obtained the views of the Attorney General, the FBI Director, the Secret Service and others. The bill was considered and reported twice by the Senate Judiciary Committee and passed by the Senate as part of a legislative package back in October 1996. The National Information Infrastructure Protection Act, title II of Public Law 104-294, made it a Federal crime for Government employees to misuse their computer access to obtain private information in Government files. Under the law, Government employees who abuse their computer privileges to snoop through personal information about Americans, including tax information, are subject to criminal penalties.  Part of our purpose in passing that law was to stop the snooping by IRS employees of private taxpayer tax returns. In 1994, at least 1,300 IRS employees were internally investigated for using Government computers to browse through the tax returns of friends, relatives, and neighbors. At a 1995 oversight hearing of the Department of Justice, I asked the Attorney General whether a criminal statute making it clear that such snooping is illegal would send a clear signal that we want our private information provided to the Government to remain private? Her response focused on the need for passage of the NII Protection Act. Attorney General Reno stated:       Enactment of a new statute covering such situations is      advisable to send a clear signal about the privacy of such      sensitive information. To that end, included as part of [the      NII Protection Act] is an amendment to 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 1030(a)(2) that would make it clearly illegal for a      government employee to intentionally exceed authorized access      to a government computer and obtain information.  I have long been concerned with maintaining the privacy of our personal information. Doing so in this age of computer networks is not always easy but is increasingly important.  By passing the NII Protection Act we have already closed a loophole that had existed in our laws. That loophole resulted in the dismissal of criminal charges earlier this year against an IRS employee who went snooping through the tax returns of individuals involved in a Presidential campaign, a prosecutor who was investigating a family member, a police officer and various social acquaintances. He made these unauthorized searches in 1992, before our new law went into effect. He was able to retrieve on his computer screen all the taxpayer information stored in the IRS main data base in Martinsburg, WV. Since the IRS employee did not disclose the information to anyone else and did not use it for nefarious purposes, the wire and computer fraud charges against him had to be dismissed. The point is that with President Clinton having signed the NII Protection Act into law last October 11, the law has been corrected to make such unauthorized snooping through individual tax records by means of computers a Federal crime.  Employees of the IRS and other Government agencies and departments are forewarned that under the law and augmented by the NII Protection Act last year, unauthorized browsing through computerized tax filings is criminal and will be prosecuted.  I am hopeful that the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act and its privacy protections will help deter illegal browsing by IRS employees and help restore the confidence of American taxpayers that the private financial information we are obliged to give the Government will remain private.  Our job is not done, however. We need to remain vigilant to protect the privacy of our intimate personal information in this era of computer networks. I am particularly concerned that we are doing a woefully inadequate job at protecting the privacy of our medical information. For several years I have worked on legislation to provide privacy protection to our health care information. I hope that this year we will finally enact this much-needed and overdue legislation. If we do not, we risk having the computerized transmissions of health care information required by the so-called administrative simplification provisions of the law passed last year, without the privacy protection that the American people expect and deserve.  