President, I hope the distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee can stay on the floor just for a moment because I intend to refer to some of the things he has said.  To begin with, the distinguished chairman is a close personal friend of mine, not the least of which I find that, as a Grateful Dead fan of long standing, I enjoy his gospel music. So we do have some areas that join us.  I must take exception to some of the remarks he has made about Federal judges. He mentioned that none had been rejected on the floor. Well, of course they have. We have had the average of one a month. At this rate, with 100 vacancies, it is zero population growth in the Federal judiciary. President Clinton will not be in office long enough nor will the next two Presidents, to see all these vacancies filled--not if you do one a month.  When he says none have been rejected on the floor, that is because these are extraordinarily well-qualified people and they are going to be voted for on this floor. In fact, even Merrick Garland they held up for so long. When Judge Garland came here, some people--for whatever reasons, ideological or whatever--voted against him, but not one person suggested he was not extraordinarily well qualified; in fact, one of the best qualified judges we have seen in years. In fact, even some who voted against him commended his qualifications. So it became just a political, partisan thing.  I suspect that the 27 judges that are being held in limbo or in the prison of the Senate Judiciary Committee, if they had a fair vote on this floor, would all be confirmed overwhelmingly because Senators would not want to have to go back to their State and try to explain to people why, other than for purely partisan motives, they voted against some of these judges.  So, how do you defeat the judges? You make sure they never come forward. I will give you an example--Margaret Morrow. Margaret Morrow came before our committee last year. She had to go through all the usual and appropriate confirmation hearings, and she was voted out of the committee unanimously, but somehow they made sure she never came to the floor for a vote.  So this year Margaret Morrow was brought back again and told she was going to be put in her place. All the men who were candidates for the Federal judiciary were brought up first and she was told to sit there--although she had been here once before and unanimously confirmed, she was told to sit there in the back of the room waiting for the others to be confirmed or to be heard.  Now, I keep bringing this issue up at the Judiciary Committee meeting, and I am told there are no objections to her, but somehow she is never brought forward to be voted on. I keep saying, if Senators want to vote against her, stand up, have the guts to stand up in the bright sunshine and say how they would vote on her, but nobody does, nobody does.  She was asked such questions as how she votes. There were over 100 initial questions before it became too embarrassing, and then how did she vote on initiatives in California. I raise the question, and I hope that all Senators, Republicans and Democrats, would agree with me on this, that the Senate demeans itself if it starts asking people how they voted in the secrecy of the voting booth. I would never allow somebody to ask me how I voted unless I really wanted to tell how I voted in the secrecy of the voting booth. The distinguished Senator from West Virginia would not allow that. The distinguished Senator from Utah would not allow that. And I suspect the Senator who asked the question would not allow it of himself. She is supported by the Republican mayor of Los Angeles. She is supported by significant Republicans and Democrats in California. She was the president of the California Bar Association, the first woman ever elected to that position--the president of the Los Angeles Bar Association--but somehow she does not come on to the floor.  I suspect that if she was brought for a vote, she would win overwhelmingly. She would win with 90 votes in the Senate, at least, but apparently she loses with one vote of an anonymous Senator who hides behind a veil of secrecy and will not tell us why he or she is holding her up.  Now, is this full employment of the Federal judiciary? Not according to the Chief Justice of the United States, William Rehnquist. Chief Justice Rehnquist says the situation is bleak --not full employment, but bleak.  We have emergencies existing. The ninth circuit has a quarter to a third of all judges missing. Will the White House have more judges coming up? Of course they will. But do not blame the White House; blame the U.S. Senate. We have had more vacations and recesses in the Senate than we have had judges. We ought to at least do the job we are paid to do.  Of course, I agree with the distinguished Senator from Utah that we should scrutinize all judges. We can do that, but do it, and then get on with our work. We get paid plenty. We ought to do it.  What I see happening, Mr. President, when you have a Congressman from Texas who says that judges should be impeached because he, the Congressman, happens to disagree with their decisions--Mr. President, I read the Constitution. I have my own copy, supplied to me by the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, and I say to my friend from West Virginia that I looked through that copy and I found grounds of impeachment--high crimes and misdemeanors. I did not find grounds of impeachment that you annoyed a Congressman from Texas or anywhere else.  I do not think that was ever contemplated by the Founders, I say to my good friend. But this is the kind of ridiculous thing we have, all of which is aimed at going against the independence of the Federal judiciary.  We had somebody else who proposed the Congress have the ability to stand up and vote to override any judicial decision. What does that do to the independence and what does it have to do with our workload? Here it is May 23, and we are finally passing the budget that the law requires us to pass on April 15. Can you imagine if we had to then vote on several thousand judicial decisions each year? This is what we are hearing. Again, a conservative Republican Justice, Justice Scalia, says this is going too far. I agree with him.  As I said earlier to the distinguished Republican leader--I was on the floor--I hope that he would work to see this does not continue. Majority leaders of the Senate, the 22 years I have been here, Senators Mansfield, Byrd, Baker, Dole and Mitchell, all great leaders, all leaders who said there are certain things where partisanship has to end. The President of the United States has the authority under the Constitution to appoint judges. We advise and consent. We are not the appointers of judges. He is. We can recommend, we can advise and we can consent. But once he has appointed them, then if we do not like them, vote them down. But do not take on the pride of 100 Senators around here.  I suspect, regarding the press accounts, that the distinguished Senator from Utah has certain restraints from within his own caucus. I understand that. But I urge this. We are going to go out of session now for 10 days or so, a week, whatever it is. I urge, as I have before, that the distinguished majority leader, the distinguished Democratic leader, the distinguished Senator from Utah and I sit down and try to find if there is a way to start moving these judges from the Senate, and from the Senate end how we can move faster. If people do not like them, vote against them, but do not hold them in limbo; and then I suggest we meet with the President of the United States.  