President, I have strongly objected to the proposed Federal Communications Commission rules that I believe essentially rob States and communities of the authority to decide where unsightly telecommunications towers should be built, and I want to renew my objection to those proposed rules.  Back when the Telecommunications Act of 1996 passed, there were only five Senators who voted against it. I was one of the five. One of my fears was that the will and voices of States and of local communities would be muzzled.  As a lifelong Vermonter, I didn't want to see that happen to my State. Unfortunately, the fears I had at that time have been confirmed. Under the so-called telecommunications reform bill, Vermont towns and towns in other States have very little say when big and unsightly towers are proposed. Towns can no longer just say, ``No, you can't put that awful tower in our community, blocking our scenic vistas.'' It is unfortunate that 91 Senators said they were willing to see the rights of towns and cities trampled that way.  The bill also prohibits towns and cities from having stricter health and safety standards regarding environmental effects of radio frequency emissions.  Here is what has happened in Vermont. Keep in mind, Mr. President, that our State is one of the most beautiful States in the country. People come to our State because of the magnificent views. And those of us who were born there want to remain there because of this beauty. Now we are being told that no matter how much we have done to promote this beauty, if somebody wants to just slap up telecommunication towers right in the middle of the most magnificent vista there may be little we can do about it.  The State of Vermont, from Gov. Howard Dean to the Vermont Environmental Board and local zoning officials and mayors and citizens, is concerned that it is losing control of the siting and design and construction of telecommunication towers and related facilities.  These people have written to the FCC opposing this rule, and I endorse their comments. They have done an excellent job representing the views of all Vermonters. As a matter of fact, I also submitted a lengthy petition, something I rarely do but I did this as a Vermonter hoping that we will influence the FCC.  I think these tower siting rules should be stopped once and for all. We ought to tear them out by their roots which were planted in the 1996 telecommunications bill.  To make sure that they can be torn out, I am introducing legislation that repeals the authority given to the FCC in 1996 to preempt State and local regulations on the placement of new telecommunication towers. I don't want Vermont turned into a giant pin cushion with 200-foot towers indiscriminately sprouting up on every mountain and in every valley, ruining the view that most of us have spent a lifetime enjoying.  I might note that my distinguished colleague from Vermont, Mr. Jeffords, is going to join me as a cosponsor of this legislation  The backbone of Vermont's beauty is its great mountains, surrounded by magnificent views of valleys, rivers, and streams. Vermonters do not want these scenic vistas destroyed by towers, bristling with all manner of antennas and bright lights, strobes, flashes, and everything else that destroy this vista.  I think of my own home, my tree farm in Middlesex, VT. When I step out the front door of my home, I look 35 miles down a valley ringed by mountains. I live on a dirt road, and I literally cannot see another house or another dwelling in any direction. I look at some of the most beautiful scenery of Vermont. Frankly, Mr. President, each time I am back home this renews my soul and my spirit.  I am sure all Vermonters and all those who visit us in Vermont feel the same way I do about the scenic wonders of our State. Because of that, we Vermonters have determined that we want to move with care to avoid the indiscriminate placement of towers that would jeopardize one of our State's most precious assets. We Vermonters want some say in our own life. We Vermonters want some say in protecting what is the best in our beautiful State.  Vermont citizens and communities should be able to participate in the important decisions that affect their families and their future. The location of large transmission towers have significant effects on property values, on health, and enjoyment of one's home, in fact even the ability to sell one's home.  I say the Telecommunications Act went far too far toward preemption of local control and now this proposed FCC implementation goes even further. Vermont has enacted landmark legislation, Act 250, to preserve our environment while permitting growth.  Understand, when I sit in my home in Vermont, I am connected by computer to my office in Washington and my offices in two other locations in Vermont. I can communicate with my children wherever they are by telephone or by computer. I pull up newspapers that are not available to me immediately in Vermont off the Internet. I am for progress. I think that is something Vermont has always supported, but not for ill-considered, so-called progress at the expense of Vermont families and homeowners.  It is important that Vermont not be left out of technological progress, but that is the whole reason Vermont enacted the Act 250 process. Vermont communities and the State of Vermont have to have a role in deciding where these towers are going to go. Vermonters should be able to take into account the protection of our scenicbeauty. It is not enough just to have technological advances.  So by requiring the companies to work with Vermont towns, acceptable alternatives can be found. My bill, again, affirms where the burden of proof should be: with the applicant, not the community. I trust Vermonters to do what is right to protect our State's beautiful scenery. All I am saying, Mr. President, is let Vermonters decide what to do with our scenery. The FCC rules should not stand.  