Every year we have this debate, time after time. We have written into our law that not one cent of our money for family planning can be used for abortion, and none of it has been. Yet we hear the argument, ``But we can't send money to some private groups because they may use some of their money for abortion.'' We do not hear anybody stand on the floor and say we cannot send foreign aid to this or that government because they may use some of their money for abortion. That is never done, nor will it ever be done, nor should it be done. But it points out the illogic of their argument.  This has become a litmus test vote for some pressure groups in this country. The same pressure groups are wise enough to not to advocate withholding foreign aid from governments that allow legal abortion or that uses their funds for abortion. I am not suggesting that nor have I heard anybody suggest that. However, the hypocrisy is obvious.  Let us not legislate for single-issue groups, on the right or the left, Democrat or Republican, conservative or liberal. Let us instead legislate what is in the best interests of the country. Now, maybe we will offend the right one day and the next day the left, maybe we will offend this single-issue group one day and that single-issue group the next day, maybe we will upset somebody's special-interest newsletter thisday and somebody else's the next day. But do you know what, Madam President? In the long run the American people will be far more respectful of the U.S. Senate if we do that.  On this issue it is very simple. We have already appropriated the money. What we are doing now is withholding the money so that it cannot be spent. As long as it is not spent, instead of people having access to family planning, instead of people being able to make the decision themselves of how many children they will have and when, the number of abortions will start going up again. As we have shown over and over again, when family planning is available, the number of abortions go down, and when family planning withheld, the number of abortions go up. It was that way long before any one of us served in this body. It will be that way long after we leave.  So we should stop the rhetoric for the fundraising letters, but instead do what is right. We want to help countries determine what they may or may not do on the question of overpopulation, on the use of their own resources, being given not the tools of abortion but the tools of family planning, and tell the special interest groups that say no, that maybe they have gone a bit too far.  I have nothing but respect for my colleagues who are opposed to abortion. I wish there would never be another abortion in this world. But I am also a realist enough to know that simply withholding family planning money or passing laws does not stop abortion. Giving people alternatives to abortions, modern contraceptives, that does cut down on abortions.  As I say, I have nothing but the greatest respect for those who have moral opposition to abortion. But we should be realistic. It is like the old days when we passed laws against abortion and the back-room abortionists thrived, as they did in my State. When abortion was legal, people made the choice.  This is not necessarily directly on point in this debate, but I remember and I remind people who think simply passing a law determines what is a very difficult question for any woman to ask, what happened in my State in days when I was a young prosecutor. I got a call at 3 o'clock one morning to go to our medical center where a young woman lay nearly dying, hemorrhaging from an illegal abortion. As part of the investigation I instituted that 3 a.m. in the morning, we found out that a number of women, some college students, had gone to one person in our community to seek abortions. He would arrange illegal abortions for them. Abortions were performed by a man who had learned how to perform abortions while working for the SS at Auschwitz. The women would be sent to Canada, the abortions would be performed. They were basically the darning needle type of abortion, and subsequently he would blackmail these women for money or sex. They had no other place to go. This is where they went. This one young woman nearly died, did not die but ended up sterile as a result. If she had not nearly died, I never would have found out about it. This man would never have been prosecuted. I prosecuted him. As a result of that, we ended up with another case, which I was very proud of, called Leahy versus Beecham, a predecessor to Roe versus Wade, which made clear that abortions within a medical context would be legal. Then the difficult question that any woman would have to make would be her decision, whatever consequences would be hers, not the manipulations of a back-room abortionist.  In a way, we do almost the same thing here. We say we will withhold safe and legal alternatives to abortion, family planning, because we are against abortion. The abortions will go up. Abortions will go up and people will die. Instead, we should give families, from the largess of the United States, money to plan their families.  Madam President, I yield back all time on both sides.  