President, I have listened to my good friend from Kentucky, who has been my good friend from the time we first met as newly elected Members of the class of 1974. We came here together, and I can honestly say, Mr. President, that I have looked to Senator Ford for guidance on every issue since then. I came from a small county office, and he came from being Governor of a State much larger than Vermont ever has been or ever will be.  I remember debates we had when we were in the majority and in the minority, and back to the majority and then back to the minority. Wendell Ford's was one of the voices we would listen to as we tried to find the answers that made sense for the country and for each other.  Wendell Ford also had a quality that was very much the quality of all Senators, Republican and Democrat, when he first came here--a quality that, perhaps, some today should remind themselves of, because it existed universally then, and that is the quality of when a Senator gives his word, his word is gold. There is not one single person who has served here in the 22 years that Wendell Ford has been here who has ever questioned his word. There is not one single Senator here who found him to be someone who did not keep totally to his commitments.  What I have enjoyed in our personal relationship is that he is a man I have been able to go to for counsel and guidance and know that I could discuss anything with him without it ever being given out, if I told him it was in confidence.  Marcelle and I have been privileged to be here with Jean and Wendell Ford. They are the kind of people that future generations of the Senate should look to for the best, not just for Kentucky, but for the country. Ultimately, what is most important in this body is not whether you are liberal, moderate, or conservative, but whether you serve with integrity for the best interests of the country. I have served with many, many people who fit that description, but I have been fortunate that, for 22 years, I have served here with a man who epitomizes that--Wendell Ford of Kentucky.  I yield the floor.  