President, in one of the newspapers I was reading this morning, there was an editorial speaking about the U.S. position in saying that they will work to lead an effort toward the demining of antipersonnel landmines around the world, an effort that is already well underway in a number of countries, which is supported partly by the United States in the millions of dollars in humanitarian demining efforts.  I agree with the President. I agree with the administration's efforts to seek more money for demining.  We have so many millions of landmines in the ground in 60 to 70 countries that nobody even knows how many landmines are out there. Very often the way we find out where they are is when a child or some other noncombatant steps on a landmine, touches a landmine, and is either crippled, maimed, or killed from the explosion.  We also know, whether these are $3, $4, or $5 antipersonnel landmines stuck in the ground, they can cost a considerable amount of money to take them back out depending on where they are --anywhere from an average of $100 on up to as much as $1,000 per landmine.  I agree that the United States, as the most powerful and wealthiest Nation on the Earth, should do everything possible to try to take landmines out of the ground. But I note the obvious, Mr. President. It is like trying to bail out the ocean, if you continue to put new landmines down.  Next month, in Ottawa, over 100 nations will come together to sign a treaty banning the placement and use of antipersonnel landmines. One of the most notable exceptions to the signers will be the United States of America. I think that is a bad mistake. I think if the United States wishes to have leadership and credibility on this issue they should do both--help in the demining, but do the right thing, and that is help stop further mining.  Until the use of antipersonnel landmines is treated the same way we treat the use of chemical weapons then we will continue to see them and we will continue to see the use of antipersonnel landmines against innocent civilians. They have become more and more--if not exclusively, at least primarily--a weapon against civilians. Worse than that, they are weapons that stay long after the war is over. Peace agreements are signed, tanks pull away, guns are unloaded, armies march away, and 5 years later a child on the way to school is destroyed and nobody even remembers who was fighting, nobody knows who put the weapon there.  I just mention, Mr. President, while I support our continued efforts to demine and while I take pride in writing much of the legislation to get the money for the United States to be involved in humanitarian demining up to this point, I note it falls short of the ultimate goal until we have a real ban on the use of antipersonnel landmines.  I yield the floor.  