President, I join with the distinguished Senator from Kentucky and the distinguished Senator from Nebraska in opposing this amendment. I, too, would note that OPIC does return money to the Treasury--the figure $209 million last year was used here. More important, it creates jobs in America.  I represent, in population, the second smallest State in the Union. OPIC is used in my State. It creates jobs, it creates exports, it helps our balance of payments. When you go to the larger States, of course, the dollar amount is just that much greater.  I do not know a business in my State that has turned to OPIC that has not received enormous help. I remember when the former Director of OPIC came to Vermont. She held a meeting there. We had lines going out the door; business people wanting to work with OPIC. It is one of those success stories.  It is also an area where we have to have the kind of tools that all our competitors have. We are in worldwide markets. We can no longer just rely on New Hampshire selling to Vermont, Vermont selling to New Hampshire, as an example. I say that seeing my good friend from New Hampshire is the distinguished Presiding Officer. We export way beyond our States, way beyond the borders of our Nation. But, every other First World--and a lot that go beyond the First World--country does the same. If they are a major exporter, as we are, there are boards like OPIC that help them.  Are there things that can be done better or different than OPIC? Possibly. But I ask the authorizing committee to look at that.  There will be an authorizing bill on OPIC. I am perfectly willing to listen to the recommendations of my friends on both sides of the aisle.  We felt, the Senator from Kentucky and myself--he as chairman and I as ranking member--in looking at these figures for OPIC that the amounts made sense. There certainly was unanimous concurrence of Republicans and Democrats on our subcommittee and in the full committee for the same reason.  If an authorizing bill comes through and changes that, it can change it. This money doesn't have to be spent and an authorizing bill can make a difference. I suspect with such an authorizing bill, you are going to hear success story after success story from States all over the Nation helped by OPIC.  So I hope my good friend from Colorado will withhold this amendment and let it be a matter to be discussed with the authorizing committee, but not on this appropriations bill.  I yield the floor.  