NICKLES. No; I have only a couple minutes. I will be quick.  The point is, even under the President's budget, the deficit goes up. We have made some progress--and I think we can argue on who should take credit for that--but we are not making progress when the deficit is going up and it is higher in the year 2000 than it is in the year 1996. That is not balancing the budget. That is like somebody saying they are going to go on a diet, but first they want to gain 10 pounds for each of the next 3 years and, oh, yes, in the last year we are going to lose 40 pounds. That is what we have before us under the President's document.  I think we need a constitutional amendment to make the President and to make Congress be responsible, to make the tough decisions.  I am pleased that we are going to have 55 Republicans vote for this. I am disappointed that we do not have 12 Democrats to vote for it to make it happen. I wish we did. I think we are going to come up with 11. One of my jobs is to count votes. A couple of people basically are going to vote different than what they said they were going to do. That disappoints me. But regardless, we still have to roll up our sleeves, and I think we still have to balance the budget. I do not know there is the collective will to do it unless we have the constitutional restraint to make us do it.  When an administration campaigns on a balanced budget and says, ``Oh, yes, we brought the deficit down every year,'' and then have the deficit go up in the next 4 years, I find a lot of shell games going on in budgeteering. That bothers me. I hope we will be responsible. I hope we will work together as Democrats and Republicans, not have a Republican budget, not have a Democratic budget, but work together to actually balance the budget and provide some tax relief. We can do it. But it is a lot easier said than done.  I think we need a constitutional amendment to make us do it, to tell us to do it. One of the reasons I think we continually have a deficit is you are a lot more popular spending money for people than taking it away from people.  Mr. President, I believe this is one of the most important issues we will have confronting us this Congress, maybe in our lifetimes. If we really do want to have Government act responsibly and quit saddling our children with additional debt --right now, per capita, that debt is over $19,000 per child, per person, per American. I do not think it is responsible for us to continue to add more debt on future generations. So I urge my colleagues to support a constitutional amendment to balance the budget later this afternoon. I yield the floor.  