President, I will not take long. I hear these debates, and I still say the same thing: All we need is the courage to vote. We all give great speeches about the need for a balanced budget, but I remember the Senate and the Senate leadership during the time of President Reagan endorsing huge deficits. In fact, we are still paying the interest on the deficits run up during the Reagan and Bush administrations, as contrasted to the Clinton administration where the deficit has come down 4 years in a row and is about to come down for the fifth year, something that has not happened in the lifetime of most of us in this body.  But to bring it down, you don't pass a bumper-sticker slogan and stick it on the Constitution of the United States of America. To bring it down, you cast difficult votes, unpopular votes, votes that make you stand up to special interests and single-issue groups from the right to the left.  What we are trying to do is to pass some kind of a feel-good amendment that would send most of this to the courts, that would cripple the strongest economy in the world. Let us remember that, with all those who come and talk about the dangers of our economy, I ask them, what country in the world would they trade economies with? We have the strongest economy in the world. It is like the days of the Soviet Union when everybody said, ``Well, our military is falling apart,'' and we say, ``Do you want to trade our Air Force for theirs, our Army for theirs, our Navy for theirs?'' We have to say no.  When we have the strongest economy in the world, when we have a deficit that is the smallest as percentage of our gross domestic product of any in the industrialized world, let's not start talking about trading what is working for countries that do not work anywhere near as well as what we have. Let us back off from the political siren call of saying, ``We'll do this on a bumper-sticker slogan slapped on to the Constitution,'' the greatest Constitution in the world, because then some day somebody else, probably a Federal court, will do what we can do today.  I know that we cannot legislate political courage and responsibility, but that is what we are trying to say we are going to do. No amendment to the Constitution can supply the representatives of the people of this great country with political courage and responsibility. Indeed, the majority report on this amendment concludes that the ultimate enforcement mechanism that can lead to balancing the budget is the electorate's power to vote. How true, but that power to vote doesn't come in 10 years from now in a constitutional amendment. That power to vote has been there throughout the history of this great country. The underlying resolution would actually cut, rather than enhance, our democratic principles of majority rule and separation of powers but ultimately lead to less accountability to the electorate. Why would it do that? Because it would destroy majority rule, and it would turn all contested issues of the budget over to the courts, not to the elected people of this country.  Political courage has been an essential ingredient that has helped us achieve remarkable deficit reduction over the past 4 years. That is a history that those who support this flimflam on the Constitution choose to ignore. We have succeeded in reducing the deficit every year of the past 4, we have cut the deficit by more than 60 percent in that time, and we have had a strong economy and sound fiscal policy. We did not do that through a flimflam amendment. We did that through political courage. It meant that some Members of this body and some Members of the other body actually lost their seats in the Congress by voting for what was right--but they did it--and reminds all of us that nobody owns a seat in the U.S. Senate. Nobody should have their decisions guided solely by polls, but rather by what is right.  So why do we not stay the course of what we have been doing, bringing the deficit down and use bipartisan work for further progress? It is an illusionary quick fix by constitutional amendment, and it makes the job more difficult.  The questions raised during this debate will not go away and cannot be ignored. They point to a series of fatal flaws in proposing and conducting our economic and budgetary functions this way.  A recent editorial in Vermont by the Burlington Free Press said it:       Amending the Constitution to require a balanced budget      amendment would be like using a sledgehammer to nail a picket      in a fence. The picket might stand, but at great risk to the      fence.  I think of what Senator Hatfield said when he stood up and opposed this. Senator Hatfield, then the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, said:       The debate on the balanced budget amendment is not about      reducing the budget deficit. It is about amending the      Constitution of the United States with a procedural gimmick.  What I say is, it is amending the Constitution with a bumper-sticker flimflam. That is what it is doing.  Senator Hatfield said:       As I stated during the debate on the balanced budget      amendment last year, a vote for this balanced budget      amendment is not a vote for a balanced budget, it is a vote      for a figleaf.  Mr. President, it is a pretty small figleaf. We ought to be embarrassed to put that figleaf on anything, especially on the greatest Constitution democracy has ever known.  Senator Hatfield said:       Congress should not promise to the people to balance the      Federal budget through a procedural gimmick. If the Congress      has a political will to balance the budget, it should simply      use the power that it already has to do so. There is no      substitute for political will. And there never will be.  Our Senate oath of office has in it a promise to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. We owe to our constituents our best judgment on this. We owe to our children and our children's children our best judgment.  My children will live most of their lives in the next century. I want them to live in that century with the best Constitution democracy has ever known. We demean the Constitution with this amendment. I yield the floor.  