President, I am pleased to join my friends, Mr. Hatch, the two Senators from Oklahoma, and Senator Grassley, as an original cosponsor of the Victim Rights Clarification Act of 1997.  I am glad we are considering and passing this important legislation. They are doing this in an expeditious and bipartisan manner.  Two of the most important rights Congress can safeguard for crime victims are the right to witness the trial of the accused and the right to be heard in connection with the sentencing decision. The Victim Rights Clarification Act is not the first time Congress has addressed these two ideas. In 1990, we passed the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act, providing that crime victims shall have the right to be present in all public court proceedings related to the offense, unless the court determines the testimony by the victim would be materially affected.  In the Violent Crime Control Act of 1994, Congress included several victims' rights provisions. For instance, we amended rule 32 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure to require Federal judges at the sentencing for crimes of violence or sexual assault to determine if the victim wishes to make a statement.  Last year, we enacted the Televised Proceedings for Crime Victims Act as part of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996. That responded to the difficulties created for victims of the Oklahoma City bombing.  Mr. President, I think this is important because so often what we set in the criminal procedures in the Federal court are then adopted by the State courts. During my days as a prosecutor, I felt victims should have complete access to the court during a trial and that victims should be heard upon sentencing. Frankly, I found many times when the person being sentenced had suddenly gotten religion, had suddenly become a model person, usually dressed in a better suit and tie than I wore as a prosecutor and was able to cry copious tears seeking forgiveness and saying how it was all a mistake, sometimes reality came to the courtroomonly when the victim would speak. I remember one such victim had very little to say, with heavy scars on her face that would probably never heal. That said more than she might.  I say that, Mr. President, because in enacting this legislation, we affect not only Federal courts directly, which of course I think is important, but I say to my colleagues in the Senate that after this is experienced in the Federal courts for a couple of years, we are going to find the same procedures followed by State courts all over this country. We saw it in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. We see it in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. If they work in the Federal courts, they tend to work in the State courts.  I am glad to join with my friend from Oklahoma, the distinguished senior Senator from Oklahoma and his colleague, Senator Inhofe, in support of this legislation which shows how responsive Congress can be to victims' rights.  The Supreme Court has also spoken to whether victim impact statements are permissible in death penalty cases.  In the 1991 case Payne versus Tennessee, the Supreme Court made clear that a sentencing jury in a capital case may consider victim impact evidence relating to the victim's personal characteristics and the emotional impact of the murder on the victim's family.  The Court observed that it is an affront to the civilized members of the human race to say that at sentencing in a capital case, a parade of witnesses may praise the background, character, and good deeds of the defendant, but nothing may be said that bears upon the character of, or the harm imposed upon, the victims.  Unfortunately, the victims in the Oklahoma City bombing case are being categorically excluded from both watching the trial and providing victim impact testimony. Thus the victims are faced with an excruciating dilemma: If they sit outside the courtroom during the trial, they may never learn the details of how the justice system responded to this horrible crime. On the other hand, if they attend the trial, they will never be able to tell the jury the full extent of the suffering the crime has caused to them and to their families.  I do not believe that current law thrusts this painful choice upon victims in this country. However, recent court rulings reveal the need to clarify and even hone existing law. That is exactly what Congress is doing by passing the Victim Rights Clarification Act of 1997.  This important legislation will:  Clarify that a court shall not exclude a victim from witnessing a trial on the basis that the victim may, during the sentencing phase of the proceedings, make a statement or present information in relation to the sentence.  Specify that a court shall not prohibit a victim from making a statement or presenting information in relation to the sentence during the sentencing phase of the proceedings solely because the victim has witnessed the trial.  Just as importantly, the Victim Rights Clarification Act will not:  Apply to victims who testify during the guilt phase of a trial.  Eliminate a judge's discretion to exclude a victim's testimony during the sentencing phase that will unfairly prejudice the jury. Specifically, the legislation allows for a judge to exclude a victim if he or she finds basis--independent of the sole fact that the victim witnessed the trial--that the victim's testimony during the sentencing phase will create unfair prejudice.  Attempt to strip a defendant of his or her constitutional rights.  Overturn any final court judgments.  My cosponsors and I worked together to pass this legislation within a time-frame that could benefit the victims in the Oklahoma City bombing cases.  Our final legislative product, however, will not only assist the victims in the Oklahoma City bombing case, but crime victims throughout the United States.  In response to real people, real problems and real pain, Congress has demonstrated its ability to find a real solution--the Victim Rights Clarification Act of 1997.  