President, I want to again focus as I did yesterday on the study of the Northeast dairy compact that will be contained in the appropriations bill as it winds its way through conference with the House and then comes back to the Senate.  Under the Senate proposal, the Director of OMB will do a study on dairy, retail store, wholesale, and processor pricing in New England.  As I mentioned yesterday, many Senators are very concerned that when the price that farmers get for their milk drops that the retail price--the consumer price--often does not drop. Study after study shows this result.  Wholesale or retail stores appear to be simply making more profits at the expense of farmers. This is one of the issues OMB should examine.  But it is very important that OMB not just give us numbers. It will not be helpful to Congress, and will be misleading, if OMB just says, for example, that the average price of milk in stores during the first 6 months of the compact was a certain amount higher than some earlier amount.  It will not assist decision makers at all if OMB then simply multiplies that difference by the number of gallons bought by persons on Food Stamps and concludes that the product of the multiplication is the ``harm'' to the food stamp program.  It is important for OMB to put the information in context or they shouldn't even do the study. I do not want information that I cannot use in deciding on legislative options.  To continue with the food stamp example, if the cuts in the welfare reform bill enacted last year are 10 times, or 20 times, or 30 times more--not 30 percent more, but 30 times more--than any impact of the compact then perhaps the best legislative solution is to reduce the welfare reform cuts by one-thirtieth rather than dealing with the compact since the compact has positive benefits.  It will be extremely important, from a policy perspective, to make these types of comparisons. Also note, I do not think that any increase that shows up in retail stores is justifiable under the compact after such a huge decrease in farm prices. But, if OMB assumes some we should know if the national system of milk marketing orders, or if store profits, dwarfs the impact of the compact. This will help us with policy decisions.  A 1991 study by GAO showed a huge variation in regional pricing of milk in retail stores. Just those variations may far exceed any impact of the compact. We need OMB to look at these issues.  Without this more detailed analysis we will only be able to announce numbers on the Senate floor to support positions, but we will not be able to use the OMB study to come to good policy conclusions.  In addition, the purchase of fluid milk represents only a small fraction of total food expenditures. One study showed that fluid milk represents 3 percent of total food expenditures of the typical family. If use of discount coupons for a variety of foods, or the purchase of store brands, or shopping at less expensive stores dwarf the impacts of the compact, that should also be analyzed.  It makes a big difference if the impact of the compact is equivalent to one-fourth of 1 percent of a family's food purchasing power versus, let's say, 5 percent of the family's food purchasing power.  I also want OMB to look at the drop in food purchasing power, adjusted for inflation, that will be caused by full implementation of the welfare reform bill for our lower income households. Food stamp families live below the poverty level and these comparisons will be helpful for possible legislative solutions.  You should also look at whether some stores price dairy products to increase their profits when they already have a reasonable return on milk. Are the profit margins on dairy products higher, or lower, than for other items? Do the profit margins far exceed any potential impact of the compact? Or are they less?  It will be interesting and very helpful to see how milk prices change during the entire duration of the compact. There are news reports that some retailers are taking unfair advantage of the compact. If this is accurate, these effects should be temporary as the normal competitive forces take over. It is important to note that economists who have analyzed the compact determined that over time it could lower consumer prices by stabilizing the price that stores pay for milk.  Many reports show that stores build in an extra margin to protect against increases in milk costs since it is costly to routinely change prices. If no extra margins are required it is very likely that competitive forces would lead stores to reduce those extra margins.  Researchers such as Henry Kinnucan, Olan Forker, Andrew Novakovic, Brandon Hansen, William Hahn and others have looked at how price volatility at the wholesale level can result in increases in consumer prices for milk higher than would have occurred had wholesale prices been stable. In the New England area I am told some stores sell gallons of milk for $1.99 and some sell them for $3.29--that is a large difference and none of the difference goes to farmers.  OMB should look at that difference to help us with our policy decisions. That could, indeed, be a major contribution to better understanding the impact of the compact, or milk marketing orders, or retail store pricing--how can such a difference exist?  It is my view that the compact over time can reduce that need for extra margins since stores will not have to build in that cushion to protect against feared higher prices. And many economic studies support that point. My view is that no increase should have occurred especially after the major drop in milk prices to farmers starting late last year. I want to touch on one more issue. The statutory language talks of the direct and indirect effects of the compact.  I am a strong supporter of the compact and believe it has very positive indirect effects in addition to stabilizing the price of milk. The Secretary of Agriculture has also addressed these positive indirect effects.  I have detailed these effects in correspondence to the Secretary of Agriculture and will provide these to OMB at a later date.  I want to mention again a point I raised yesterday. The prices farmers get for their milk dropped substantially last November nationwide. They dropped quickly, and have stayed low for months.  It amounted to a 35-cent to 40-cent drop on a per gallon basis. Yet retail stores did not lower their prices to consumers except by a few pennies. This pricing practice for milk is well documented in the research and in the press.  Does this failure to drop prices by 35 cents, or even just 25 cents, a gallon have a major impact on consumers?  Will it be more than any hypothetical impact on consumers of the compact? In many areas of the country there is now a $1.40/gallon difference between the raw milk price--which farmers get--and the retail price of milk. Is that justified?  OMB should look at what that difference represents in terms of profits for transporters, stores, and wholesalers.  The Wall Street Journal pointed out that the value of milk for farmers plunged by 22 percent since October 1996--but that no comparative decline occurred in the price of milk. Another point I made yesterday was that the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times have exposed retail store overcharging for milk. This should be examined.  Farmers got one-fifth less for their milk, and someone, I presume, made a bundle. Some studies show that the dairy case is now the most profitable part of a supermarket. This should be carefully examined since most families consider milk a necessity.  Also, the time period that OMB examines may completely determine their conclusions. Something this important should not be determined by the luck of the draw.  In this regard, under the compact, farmers in New England are getting less for their milk than the average price they got for their milk last year.  It will be important for OMB to look at all the factors which affect the price of fluid milk including farm prices, labor, transportation, milk marketing orders, retail profits, co-op returns, marketing strategies, feed costs, farm expenses, and wholesaler profits.  I want to also quote from a letter that I sent to the Secretary regarding the compact relating to the indirect benefits of the compact.  You should note that a lack of farm income resulting from low dairy prices is cited as the major reason dairy farmers leave farming in New England. Production costs in New England are much higher than in other areas of the Nation while the value of the land for nonfarm purposes is often greater than its value as farmland.  This is very different as compared to vast areas of the Midwest and Upper Midwest where land is sometimes worth little except for its value as farmland. As the Vermont Economy Newsletter reported in July 1994:       In the all important dairy industry, the decrease in farm      income has come from a continuation of the long term trends      the industry has been facing. Should these trends persist,      and there is every expectation they will, Vermont will      continue to see dairy farms disappearing from its landscape      during the 1990's.  One of the consequences of the exit of dairy farmers in New England is that land is released from agriculture. Given the close proximity to population centers and recreational areas in New England, good land is in high demand, and as a result there is often a strong incentive to develop the land.  What are the consequences of land being converted from farm to nonfarm uses?  One consequence is that the rural heritage and aesthetic qualities of the working landscape are lost forever. The impact of this loss would be devastating to Vermont and to much of New England. The tourists from some of America's largest urban centers are drawn to rural New England because of its beauty, its farms and valleys, and picturesque roads.  Strip malls and condominiums do not have the same appeal to vacationers.  The Vermont Partnership for Economic Progress, noted in its 1993 report, ``Plan for a Decade of Progress: Actions for Vermont's Economy,''       There are many issues that will influence the [tourism]      industry's future in Vermont . . . including our state's      ability to preserve its landscape.  The report went on to list among its primary goals: Maintain the existing amount of land in agriculture and related uses; and preserve the family farm as part of our economic base and as an integral factor in Vermont's quality of life. This is taken from ``A Plan for a Decade of Progress.''  The priority of these goals show that preserving farmland and a viable agriculture industry are important for the overall economic health of the region from Maine, to rural parts of Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts, to Vermont and New Hampshire.  Other consequences of farm losses are equally destructive. The American Farmland Trust has completed cost of community services studies in four New England towns, one in Connecticut and three in Massachusetts.  These studies show the cost of providing community services for farmland and developed land. It is true that developed land brings in more tax revenues than farmland, especially when farmland is assessed at its agricultural value, as it is in most New England States. Developed land, however, requires far more in the way of services than the tax revenues it returns to the treasuries of municipalities.  For example, residential land in these four New England towns required $1.11 in services for every $1 in tax revenue generated while the farmland required only $0.34 of services for every $1 of revenue it generated. This demonstrates the major impact that losing dairy farmland has on rural New England.  National Geographic recently detailed the risk of economic death by strip malling otherwise tourist-drawing farmland. New England should be allowed to try to reverse this trend--especially in ways that help neighboring States such as under the compact.  The American Farmland Trust Study pointed out that agricultural land actually enhanced the value of surrounding lands in addition to sustaining important economic uses.  Farming is a cost effective, private way to protect open space and the quality of life. It also supports a profusion of other interests, including: hunting, fishing, recreation, tourism, historic preservation, floodplain, and wetland protection. ``Does Farmland Protection Pay?'' is the name of that study.  Keeping land in agriculture and protecting it from development is vitally important for all of New England which is one reason all six New England States have funded or authorized purchase of agricultural conservation easement programs to help protect farmland permanently. Unlike much of the Midwest, for example, once farms go out of business, the land is converted and is lost forever for agricultural purposes.  Other economic uses, from condominiums and second homes for retired or professional people from New York, Boston, or Philadelphia to shopping malls to serve them, are waiting in the wings. The pressure to develop in New England is voracious.  A 1993 report from the American Farmland Trust called ``Farming on the Edge'' showed that only 14 of the more than 67 counties in New England, were not significantly influenced by urban areas.  In fact, eight New England counties were considered to be farming areas in the greatest danger of being lost to development because of their high productivity and close proximity to urban areas. The Champlain and Hudson River Valleys were considered to be among the top 12 threatened agricultural areas in the entire country according to this study. ``Farming on the Edge'' is the name of that study.  As we go to Conference I will further explore the goals and intent behind this language.  