President, we talk about how many votes there may be and we talk about this debate, which, incidentally, has been interfered with in some ways over the weekend, at the same time we talk about evil money in politics. We have seen some so-called ``independent'' expenditures in running ads on this. They are about as independent as absolutely nothing. I think it is unfortunate that apparently the proponents of this constitutional amendment do not feel that they can make their case well enough on the Senate floor. They have to do this.  We talk about whether it is one vote or not. Let us talk about votes. In 1993, we started down this road to concerted, consistent deficit reduction. We did that without a single Republican vote in either the House or the Senate for the President's budget. After 12 years of ever-larger deficits, voted for by the Republican Members of Congress, when we finally started cutting the deficit, not a single Republican Member voted to do that.  Over the last 4 years, we have succeeded in reducing the deficit by 63 percent. It went up for 12 years; the national debt went up. We started bringing the deficit down. When President Clinton took office, the deficit was at its highest point ever--$290 billion. Today, the deficit is at its lowest dollar figure since 1981, $107 billion. In fact, it is at the lowest point as a percentage of the economy since 1974.  In his testimony to the committee, Robert Greenstein of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities notes that over the past 10 years the deficit has actually declined 70 percent as a percentage of gross domestic product--5.1 percent in 1986 to 1.4 percent in 1996. In fact, as a percentage of gross domestic product, our deficit is now at the lowest level of any major industrialized nation in the world. The deficit is at the lowest level of any industrialized nation in the world. We are the envy of the rest of the world. But it has takensome political courage to do that. And the budgets are starting to bring that deficit down.  I say to my good friends in the Republican Party, it was done without a single vote from their side of the aisle, notwithstanding those deficits grew up over 12 years of Republican administrations.  The record of deficit reduction is an accomplishment of the Clinton administration. It is an accomplishment that the Clinton administration's policies have restored fiscal sanity and have kept the economy strong. The result of the recent election is testimony that the American people recognize these facts. In fact, were it not for the interest on the $2.462 trillion debt that was rung up during President Reagan's term and President Bush's term, our budgets over the last several years would already have been in balance. Just think of that. They ran up a debt of $2.462 trillion. The rest of the budget, including entitlements, is already balanced. We didn't need a constitutional amendment to do that. All we needed was courage. If we were not paying the interest on that debt run up, we would be totally in balance.  This deficit progress has been achieved through tough votes over the last 4 years. But we have seen its impact on our growing economy with lower interest rates. In 1980, the annual interest on the national debt accumulated over our entire history was $75 billion. Think about this. In 1980, when President Reagan came to office, it took a whole national debt to accumulate over 200 years, and the interest was $75 billion. Yet, when 12 years of Republican administrations ended, that amount had skyrocketed. So the interest on the national debt is now $248 billion.  We had failed fiscal economic policies of the last decade, and we are paying the price. These interest payments on the national debt remain too high, and they have to be reduced further. But the proposed constitutional amendment, were it to pass, only allows Members of Congress who don't want to step up and cast the tough votes to bring down the deficit to say when the Constitution is going to do it. We can delay congressional action. Eventually we will toss it into the courts and let them do it.  Frankly, I wish Congress and the President would, instead of talking about a debate here that will go nowhere, sit down and do the tough things that are necessary to bring the budget under control.  Mr. President, I notice that the other side now has another speaker. I reserve the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  