President, I thank Senators who worked very hard in working this matter out. I thank the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, my good friend, the senior Senator from Mississippi, for his efforts and, of course, the senior Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bumpers], for his efforts.  I thank the members of my staff who worked so hard, and my colleague from Vermont, Senator Jeffords. And, of course, Senator Grams and Senator Feingold, from Wisconsin, who as a Member of the Judiciary Committee, while involved in a very difficult markup today, also spent a great deal of time in trying to work out this matter of great concern to his dairy farmers, as it is the other Senator from Minnesota, Mr. Wellstone.  We have worked out an understanding regarding a study of the Northeast Dairy Compact and regarding milk pricing practices as they effect consumers.  The Director of OMB will do a study on dairy, retail store, wholesaler and processor pricing in New England.  Many Senators are very concerned, and I have not found one who is not, that when the price that farmers get for their milk drops that the retail price--the consumer price--often does not drop.  Wholesalers or retail stores appear to be simply making more profits at the expense of farmers.  This is one issue we are very interested in.  Also, the price of milk in New England, in the South, in the Midwest, and in the West is supported by a variety of milk marketing orders. These have a tremendous impact on the price of milk in retail stores, and these marketing orders will continue to exist for years to come.  The Northeast Dairy Compact will exist for only about 18 months--it terminates in 1999, or when the Secretary reforms the milk marketing order system, whichever comes first as provided in the farm bill.  I want to remind everyone that the compact was first approved by each of the six legislative bodies in New England, and signed into law by each of their Governors.  So the impact on retail prices of the milk marketing order system, the impact on prices of wholesaler and retail profits, the impact on prices of the dairy compact, among other factors will be examined by the Director.  The prices farmers get for their milk dropped substantially last November nationwide. They dropped quickly, and have stayed low for months.  It amounted to a 35 cent to 40 cent drop on a per gallon basis. That is a huge drop for farmers. Yet retail stores did not lower their prices to consumers except by a few pennies.  Prices that farmers got stayed low, and prices paid by consumers stayed high.  How did the stores make out during this big price drop to farmers? There has been a major increase in retail store profits for milk.  In some areas of the country there is now a $1.40 per gallon difference between the raw milk price--which farmers get--and the retail price of milk.  Now that stores took advantage of that price drop to lock in huge profit margins for milk are they going to give consumers a break? Of course not.  The Compact Commission did its job. They picked a fair return for farmers that is lower than the average price last year for milk.  Let me repeat that: under the Compact farmers in New England are getting less for their milk than the average price they got for their milk last year.  Because retail stores now have huge built-in profit margins on milk there should be no increases in price under the compact--yet retail stores are not satisfied.  The Wall Street Journal and the New York Times have exposed this retail store overcharging for milk.  The Wall Street Journal pointed out that the value of milk for farmers plunged by 22 percent since October of 1996--but that no comparative decline occurred in the retail price of milk.  Farmers got one-fifth less for their milk, and stores made a bundle. The dairy case is now the most profitable part of a supermarket.  The last time I asked GAO to look at store profits for milk I was amazed at what they discovered.  GAO found then, and its the same now, that when farm prices collapse that retail milk prices to consumers stay high.  The failure of stores to lower prices may have had a significant adverse impact on nutrition programs. Also, I know from newspaper accounts that one chainstore in Maine dropped the price of a gallon of skim milk by one penny after the compact was implemented. Other stores reacted differently even though they enjoyed the benefit of a major price drop which I previously discussed. We need to know if stores unfairly increased prices by taking advantage of the compact even though they did not have to increase prices at all.  I thank my good friend from Minnesota for the courtesy of letting me take this time, and my friend from Minnesota, Mr. Grams.  I yield the floor.  