 The irony is, you know and I know, with her qualifications, anybody would be embarrassed to vote against her because there would be no way they could explain back home how a woman, one of the most qualified nominees to come before the Senate for a Federal court nominated by any President, Republican or Democrat, is held up.  I say to my friend from California, who has worked so hard and so diligently, one-on-one with Members to get this moving, it is, unfortunately, part of a picture. I have this chart which shows now we have 99 vacancies. We will have more. The number of judges who have been confirmed in the 105th Congress--when we first put this chart together, we wanted to show the vacancies on this side.  I see my friend from Maryland, too. I will show him, too.  We wanted to show the vacancies confirmed on the other side. We could not see the number that have been confirmed, so we put in this magnifying glass. I feel like Sherlock Holmes with my little magnifying glass going down.  There are 99 vacancies, and down here, two being confirmed. We have had more vacancies this year than we have had judicial confirmations in the U.S. Senate. Maybe we can shave a day off each one of these recesses and confirm some judges during that time. We have not had time to do much else. We ought to at least confirm those.  In fact--and I will share one of these with my friend from Maryland. The distinguished senior Senator from Maryland is on the floor. I thought he might be interested in noting where we stand on this.  You might want to take a look at that, I say to my good friend from Maryland. We came at the beginning of the year with actually 78 vacancies. And then, as often happens, people realize that they have grown older or they're taking senior status, whatever, they start retiring. We go from 78 to 89, to 92, to 94, to 96, to 99.  We go in January, zero confirmed; in February, zero confirmed; in March, two confirmed; and those are the same two listed here. We have not gone above two. So while this list goes up, that stays even. People are used to talking about zero population growth. This is zero population growth in the judiciary.  I understand that Speaker Gingrich and others felt there was some political gain to shutting down the Federal Government about a year and a half ago. The American people did not think there was, but for some reason they did. It appears to me what they are trying to do is shut down the Federal courts. This is an unprecedented, unprecedented situation.  In the 102d Congress we had a Republican President and a Democratic-controlled Senate. We confirmed 124 judges.  In the 103d Congress we confirmed 129.  Even in the last Congress 75.  Now we confirmed 2 with 99 vacancies.  Chief Justice Rehnquist says:       The number of judicial vacancies can have a profound impact      on a court's ability to manage its caseload effectively.  He says:       It's hoped that the administration and Congress will      continue to recognize that filling judicial vacancies is      crucial to the fair and effective administration of justice.  That is what it comes to.  The American taxpayers, Republicans and Democrats alike, pay taxes to have their courts run. The courts do not run if the vacancies are there. You do not have criminal cases handled the way they should. People are forced to plea bargain because they cannot get through. You do not have civil cases that you may want to hear if you are a litigant; you have a case you want heard, you cannot have it heard. This is wrong.  I was in another State the other day, Monday, and somebody was telling me how they have to go out and hire private judges to hear their cases. Now, these are people who are already paying the taxes. They are already paying for courts that are sitting there. But there are no judges to hear the cases. The vacancies cannot be filled so they go out and hire private judges.  I mean, this is sort of like saying I will pay my taxes to have a police officer and a police department, and I paid for it. The money is there. We pay the money for the police department and the police officers, but some person in the community says, ``Well, we're not going to hire any police officers. We're not going to have anybody there. So even though you paid your taxes for that, if you want your property protected, you have got to go out and hire a private police officer.'' Well, we are doing the same thing with the judges.  Mr. President, I think this is an outrageous situation. Let us see what we have here.  In 1980, we did nine appeals courts--these were Presidential election years during the second Senate session, Presidential election years, and we did 9 appeals court judges and 55 district court judges. All the way down through here you can see many times with Republican Presidents and a Democratic Congress we cooperated.  Nothing has happened here.  