President, I join today in introducing the Curt Flood Act of 1997. Like the earlier version of this legislation that I sponsored in the last Congress, this bill is intended to cut back on the unjustified, judicially created exemption from the antitrust laws. In my view no one is or should be above the law.  Last Congress for the first time in our history, the Senate Judiciary Committee favorably reported language designed to cut back baseball's judicially mandated and aberrational antitrust exemption. We did so with the support of the Clinton administration and a bipartisan coalition of Senators. This bill reflects that language.  The Senate refused to consider the measure over the last 2 years. In part that may be explained by the opposition from major league baseball team owners and perhaps by a feeling among some that we should not legislate during a time in which there was a labor-management impasse. Both those concerns have now been removed with the recent, 5-year agreement between the major league baseball team owners and the Major League Baseball Players Association. Indeed, a provision in that agreement calls for the owners to lobby Congress in support of the repeal of the antitrust exemption, at least to the extent it relates to labor-management relations.  It is time to build on the progress we made last year and long past time for the Senate to act. Congress may not be able to solve every problem or heal baseball's self-inflicted wounds, but we can do this: We can pass legislation that will declare that professional baseball can no longer operate above the law.  Our antitrust laws protect competition and benefit consumers. We are faced with an anomalous situation where the Federal antitrust laws have not applied to certain major league baseball functions and operations for over 70 years.  I hope that we will, at long last, take up the issue of major leagues baseball's antitrust exemption. The burden of proof is on those who seek to justify this exemption from the law. No other business or professional or amateur sport is possessed of the exemption from law that major league baseball has enjoyed and abused.  One of the players who testified at our hearings last Congress asked a most perceptive question: If baseball were coming to Congress today to ask us to provide a statutory exemption, would such a bill be passed? I believe the answer to that question is a resounding no.  In addition, there is and has been no independent commissioner who could look out for the best interests of baseball and its fans. Despite repeated assurances, there has been no action to restore a strong, independent commissioner to oversee the game and it has suffered the consequences. It is only now beginning to emerge from a 4-year struggle without a labor-management agreement. I see that the owners last week authorized their executive committee to begin a search for a new commissioner. In my view baseball would be well served by making a serious commitment to a strong, independent commissioner. Neither fans nor Congress will be inspired by delay, drift or lack of direction.  In Vermont when I was growing up virtually everyone was a Red Sox fan. Now loyalties are split among teams and among various sports. We have a successful minor league team, the Vermont Expos, the champions of the New York-Penn League last season. We also have businesses and jobs that depend on baseball and fans who have been hurt by its shortsightedness and mismanagement over the past several years. There is a strong public interest in baseball and it reverberates throughout the country.  I am concerned about the interests of the public and, in particular, the interests of baseball fans. To reiterate the words of baseball's last commissioner, Fay Vincent: ``Baseball is more than ownership of an ordinary business. Owners have a duty to take into consideration that they own a part of America's national pastime--in trust. This trust sometimes requires putting self-interest second.'' Baseball's fans feel that this trust had been violated over the last several years.  It is the public that is being shortchanged by the policies and practices of major league baseball and by disregard for the interests of the fans. Ilook forward to moving ahead thoughtfully to reconsider major league baseball's exemption from legal requirements to which all other businesses must conform their behavior. Since the multi-billion dollar businesses that have grown from what was once our national pastime are now being run accordingly to a financial bottom line, a healthy injection of competition may be just what is needed.  I want to be reassured, for example, that the minor league teams will not be abandoned or exploited by major league owners and that the negotiations concerning the Professional Baseball Agreement proceed to a fair conclusion without being skewed by some notion of antitrust exemption. I want to consider whether there are measures we in Congress might take to strengthen the hands of cities, taxpayers and fans against the extortionate demands for new stadiums at public expense. I want to revisit the issues of antitrust immunity in connection with sports broadcasting rights and restrictions on viewers' access to programming imposed by major league owners. If I had my way, we would make progress in clarifying each of these matters.  In an effort to act expeditiously, I am cosponsoring this consensus measure. I look forward to our prompt hearings, Committee and Senate consideration and to working with others to forge a legal framework in which the public will be better served.  I am delighted and encouraged that the ranking Democratic member of the House Judiciary Committee, Rep. John Conyers, Jr., also acted on the first day of legislative activity in the House to introduce H.R. 21, companion baseball antitrust legislation based on what we reported last Congress. It is right and fitting that he chose Curt Flood's number for this bill.  Mr. Flood passed away yesterday. His contributions to the game of baseball went well beyond his all star play and outstanding statistics. He was a critical part of championship teams during his years patrolling center field for the St. Louis Cardinals in the late 50's and 60's. He was an outstanding hitter, fielder and all around player in an era of great players.  His part in baseball history has even more to do with his resolve to stand up for what he knew was the right thing and his legal challenge to the reserve clause, which had bound players to teams for life. He was the plaintiff who sacrificed his career and a place in baseball's Hall of Fame by taking the matter all the way to the United States Supreme Court where, in 1972, the Court challenged Congress to correct the aberration that baseball's antitrust immunity represents in our law. There would be no more fitting tribute to Curt Flood's courage than for this Congress finally to answer that 25-year-old call to action. I hope that we will do so without further delay.  