President, I have been on the Appropriations Committee for 20-some odd years, on the Judiciary Committee about the same amount of time, and I understand that periodically, out of necessity, we have some items of legislation on the appropriations. But this is about as amazing a step as we could take to determine the fate of the ninth circuit on an appropriations bill.  It is not the way to do it. We say we are going to split the Nation's largest court of appeals on this appropriations bill. We have had no hearings, no testimony, no public deliberations on the proposed split before us.  Well, the 45 million people that live in these nine Western States deserve a more considered approach. What we ought to do is have the Senate Judiciary Committee hold hearings, conduct an independent study to determine whether this or any other proposed circuit division is necessary, find out what is the best way to do it, and not just do it basically based on one vote with very little debate in a committee, then on the floor in an appropriations bill.  Last year, the Senate unanimously passed a bill to create a bipartisan commission to study if and how the ninth circuit should be restructured. And that is what the House has done this year. The amendment of the distinguished Senator from California [Mrs. Feinstein], is the same language as H.R. 908, the House-passed bill.  What the Senator from California has done is a principled approach. It is also the approach supported by the majority of the judges and lawyers in the areas served.  Are there problems in the ninth circuit? Of course there are. Let me point out to you, it is a problem not caused by the circuit, but by the U.S. Senate; 9 of the 28 judgeships in the ninth circuit are vacant. There are nominees up here before the Senate.  As a result, the national average is 315 days to get a decision, but for the ninth circuit, it is 429 days. We have people in the ninth circuit who pay taxes like everybody else but who have to wait an extra 114 days. In fact, the ninth circuit canceled 600 hearings this year because we cannot get judges confirmed to sit there.  And what does that mean? It means that a multimillion-dollar settlement of a nationwide consumer class action against a maker of alleged defective minivans is not heard; a $71.7 million antitrust case involving the monopolizing of photocopy markets is not there; an arsenic and lead poisoning class action case with a $68 million settlement agreement is not being heard.  What is happening, Mr. President, is that we go on and try to do little quick fixes because somebody wants to at the moment on an appropriations bill.  What we ought to do, if we want to really do something to help justice in this country, is for the leadership of the Senate, that is, those who schedule debate, in this case, the majority leader, to take some of these judges and allow us to confirm them.  The distinguished senior Senator from Utah, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, is on the floor. He has been working hard to get judges heard. But no matter how many we hear in the Judiciary Committee, unless they are confirmed on the floor of the Senate, it does not do any good.  At this point, incidentally, we have confirmed--and we are down to the seventh month of this session--we have confirmed six judges. We are about to take another vacation. No more judges will be confirmed. That is less than one a month.  There are over 100 vacancies. We have about 40 or so nominees up here waiting to be confirmed. We cannot even get them confirmed. Here is one, William Fletcher, nominated in 1995; still waiting. Richard Paez, the first month of 1996; still waiting. Margaret McKeown, March 1996; still waiting. This goes on and on and on.  Here is what we have in vacancies--102 vacancies. This Senate has confirmed six.  We all give speeches of needing judicial reform and needing law and order. You have a whole lot of courts where, because the U.S. Senate, because the leadership of the U.S. Senate will not let us confirm judges, we have courts where prosecutors have to kick cases out, that they have to plea bargain and everything else because there are not enough judges to hear them.  Now, when you have proponents of the split of the ninth circuit say it is because justice is being denied, the reason justice is being denied is not geography; the real reason justice is being denied is because judges are being delayed.  These are four well-qualified in the ninth circuit, four well-qualified people. In fact, they have the highest ratings there are. One nominee has actually been favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee, but no--no--action here.  What is happening, Mr. President, is not something that is going to get fixed by the Judiciary Committee, but is going to get fixed if the U.S. Senate does the duty it is supposed to. If we have judges here people do not like, vote them down. We held up the Deputy Attorney General of the United States, Eric Holder, week after week. ``Oh, we've got Senators, we cannot tell you their names, of course, but we have Senators who have real problems, real problems with this man. We can't bring him to a vote. We've got real problems.''  We brought it to a vote. I asked for a rollcall vote. I thought, well, at least let all those Senators, unnamed Senators, who had an excuse for holding the No. 2 law enforcement officer of this country--I said, now we will know who they are, because, obviously, they have problems that they would hold up this man all these months, so they will vote against him. And the clerk called the roll.  And do you know what it was? You know how many voted against him? You say, maybe 30? Probably 20, 10, I ask my good friend, the ranking member? You know how many it was?  