President, while we are waiting for the Senator from West Virginia to arrive--and my understanding is there is not someone on the other side now asking to speak--I will, within the time on this side, continue some comments I made earlier this morning.  I talked about the fact that the amendments were, in almost lockstep fashion, knocked down by the proponents of the constitutional amendment. I was concerned about that because even many of the supporters of a constitutional amendment spoke in their testimony before the Judiciary Committee of the basic flaws in this amendment as worded.  When we go to amend the Constitution of the United States, the constitution of the greatest democracy in history, we have at least an obligation to our Nation, and certainly to the Constitution, the bedrock of our democracy, to do it in an understanding way, not as some kind of a slapdash, bumper-sticker, sloganeering fashion that raises more questions than it answers.  The amendment before us leaves wide open questions of Social Security and how that is going to be handled. It leaves wide open the questions of a capital budget.  Just before we recessed for the caucuses, a proponent of the balanced budget amendment spoke about Thomas Jefferson and how Thomas Jefferson said that he would have liked to have had a balanced budget amendment. Well, now, let us stop to think about this. Thomas Jefferson borrowed an amount that was equal to twice the budget of the United States for the Louisiana purchase. I mean, this would be like borrowing trillions of dollars today.  Had President Jefferson had a balanced budget amendment, certainly one like this, he would not have been able to do that. North Dakota would have had the chance to speak Spanish, not English. Our European-sponsored wars probably would have taken place on our continent. Certainly the United States would not be a country described as ``from sea to shining sea.''  These are some of the historical, as opposed to hysterical, facts in this debate.  Senator Dodd offered an amendment that pointed out another serious flaw in the language of the proposed constitutional amendment. Section 5 of the proposed amendment requires the United States to be engaged in military conflict before a waiver may be obtained. Moreover, the Senate report compounded the problem by indicating that only certain kinds of military conflict may qualify. Only military conflict that involved the actual use of military force may serve as the basis for this waiver.  Senator Dodd's amendment exposes the folly of this language. It would create constitutional circumstances making military spending and preparations easier only when military force is actually used and military conflict ensues. If you want to arm to deter aggression, that is suddenly no longer the preferred course. If you want to aid allies in a conflict rather than dispatching U.S. military forces, that would no longer be as viable an alternative. If you wanted to rebuild our military capabilities after conflict, you could not do it without three-fifths.  Has nobody read a history book about World War II? Does nobody know what preparations we had to undertake and the possibility that we might go into war? Has nobody read what we did to help other countries? Instead of addressing the serious and substantial concerns raised by Senator Dodd's amendment, the sponsors and proponents of Senate Joint Resolution 1 simply opposed the Dodd amendment as creating a loophole in the balanced budget amendment. The proponents did not offer alternative language to address the real military and foreign policy concerns surrounding Senate Joint Resolution 1. Instead, lockstep voting, they defeated the Dodd amendment by a vote of 64-36. And then they rejected those provisions again when they rejected the Torricelli amendment.  We have probably reached a point, Mr. President, where Senators know how they are going to vote. But I hope that they will go back and read what is in this debate. We have said over and over again that if you really want a balanced budget, just balance it. Vote to do it. This morning, I asked the distinguished Republican whip, ``Where is the Republican budget?'' You know, we have had this debated on the floor of the Senate, Mr. President, when I have raised the fact that we are now paying the interest on the huge debt brought up in the last two administrations--President Reagan's and President Bush's--and the fact that if we weren't paying the interest on the debt and deficits created just in those two administrations, we would actually have a surplus in our budget today, not a deficit.  Having said that, the response was, well, now it is not the President who proposes that, it is the Congress that does that. If you want to go into facts, President Reagan got 99.99 percent of everything he ever asked for. Even though he had the veto pen, he only vetoed one spending bill--only one--as each year unprecedented deficits went up, as each year his budget showed greater deficits than had ever been seen in the history of this country, and he vetoed one spending bill. Why? Was it because it spent too much money? No. He vetoed that one bill because it spent less money than he thought it should. The only spending bill President Reagan ever vetoed was one that spent less than what he wanted.  Let us assume that it is not the President's prerogative to propose a budget. Let us assume it is not the President's plan, and let us assume it is the Congress'. Then I ask, again, my friend, the Republican whip, and others, where is the budget? ``Where's the beef?'' On April 15, we are supposed to have a budget. Republicans control the Senate and the House. They have a majority in each House. If, indeed, they really want a balanced budget--not a balanced budget gimmick, but a balanced budget--then vote one, pass one. There are 55 Republicans in the Senate. That is a majority. There is a majority of Republicans in the House of Representatives. Just bring up the budget and pass it. Pass it. Pass the actual spending bills and tax bills.  Last year, even with a majority, they didn't even pass 13 appropriations bills on time. Mr. President, the public should not hold their breath waiting for this to happen. The reason is very simple. It is one thing to pass on to the States a constitutional amendment, no matter how poorly drafted, and say, there, I voted for a balanced budget. You can put that on the bumper sticker on your car, you can put it on the tag line in your campaign, and you can use it in focus groups. Of course, it doesn't balance the budget. It doesn't do one thing. It doesn't change 1 cent of our national debt or the deficit, or 1 cent of the budget. But it sure makes you feel good, and it is a nice political gimmick. But if you cast the hard votes to actually bring the deficit down and actually balance the budget, then you are going to upset special interests from the right to the left. I know. I have voted for an awful lot of cuts to our budget. I voted for programs that brought down the deficit. I voted for programs that cut thousands and tens of thousands of Federal employees off of the rolls. I have voted to cut programs in my own State that closed offices in my State and in the State of the Presiding Officer, and every other place.  I think I have heard from everybody whose toes I stepped on in those cuts. It is a heck of a lot easier to vote for the constitutional amendment and say everybody is going to agree with you. It is more difficult to make the actual cuts.  My challenge is this, to all those who say you want a balanced budget. Fine, you have until April 15 to bring one up, and then start making the tough cuts. Mr. President, I guarantee you, we won't see the tough cuts being made, the real efforts to balance the budget. But you are going to hear, once this cockamamy flimflam of a bumper sticker constitutional amendment goes down to defeat this afternoon, you are going to hear everybody saying, ``Oh, we lost our chance to have a balanced budget.'' My response to that is: You guys are in charge, go ahead and do it.  I yield the floor.  