 I will note for my colleagues that we are here because of an agreement entered into in good faith by Republicans and Democrats, by those who supported the money for family planning and those who opposed it last year. Unfortunately, like in the House, we have a request for another vote because some of the people who made that agreement last year do not now want to live up to it.  I have spent 22 years in the Senate. If I give my word on something, if I make an agreement on something, I carry it out. I am surprised that there have been some in the other body, and elsewhere, who are not willing to honor the spirit of an agreement made.  I mention this only because there are aspects to this agreement that I was not happy with, and there are other votes I would have liked to have had. But the agreement was that both sides would have this vote and that would be it.  When I came here 22 years ago, the distinguished majority leader, Senator Mansfield, and the distinguished Republican leader, Senator Scott, said the same thing to every Member of the Senate: ``Whatever you do here, keep your word.''  Senators I have dealt with on this issue have. I am concerned some in theother body have not, and it is unfortunate.  I note that contrary to what some on the other side have said this afternoon, this vote is not about the early release of family planning funds. If we approve this resolution, it still means the funds are going to be 5 months late.  It has been said that this vote will provide $123 million more to organizations that fund abortions. That is totally false. This vote will not increase or decrease the amount we appropriated last year at all.  It is said this vote will increase from $356 million to $385 million the funds for family planning. Yes, but that is a $130 million cut from 2 years ago.  We also agreed what this vote would be about, and what it would not be about.  And we heard that this is about funding abortion. Of course not. If anything, the facts show that where we have given money to provide family planning, the number of abortions have gone down, not up, and gone down very substantially, and when we withheld the money for family planning, abortions have gone up.  I yield to the Senator from California 8 minutes.  