President, I do wish to thank my friend from Georgia, Mr. Coverdell. With the Coverdell-Leahy-Ashcroft-McConnell and others substitute, I think this piece of legislation has been substantially improved.  So Members know, we have limited it to individual volunteers. The bill is no longer intended to provide immunity or limitation of liability for organizations. I think it is also important that the original sponsors of the bill agree not to include any limitation on motor vehicle liability, even as it relates to individuals. I think that is important.  I believe this bill has been significantly modified. It is not precisely the bill I would have written, but it is not precisely the bill my friend from Georgia would have written. I think it reflects what is best in the Senate when both sides can give and come out with something that can be better and more acceptable to a broad cross-section of Senators. Most of us do have concerns if we preempt State laws. In this, we have tried as best as possible to preserve State options.  I do not believe the threat of litigation deters Americans from volunteering to help neighbors, and did not deter the hundreds and hundreds who volunteered in floods in the Dakotas or in so many other areas we have seen in recent times. I am glad we have been able to limit the reach of the Federal protections provided, but we will be able to help individual volunteers. They should have some insulation from honest mistakes. We all want volunteers to be able to help whenever they can and worry most about how much stamina they will have to help, and have that be their chief concern.  So we will continue to work on this. Of course, it will have to go through conference, and we will make sure there is no unintended benefit or defenses available to anybody, and that nobody is harmed or left without a remedy.  We have seen an extraordinary week, as I said, in Philadelphia, with the President of the United States, together with past Presidents, the wife of a past President, General Powell, and others, who came together to promote voluntarism. We do not want to do anything to hamper that.  Again, I thank my friend from Georgia. I thank Ed Pagano and Jonathan Lamy on the Judiciary Committee staff, and all the others on both sides of the aisle who worked to make this legislation better.  I am prepared to yield if there is any time left on this side, and am prepared to go to vote on the Coverdell-Leahy substitute.  