President, I will speak very briefly because I see the distinguished Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Hagel], on the floor. But I will reserve such time as I may need.  Mr. President, the Leahy-Hagel bill on antipersonnel landmines is the result of years of work. I commend the Senator from Nebraska for his efforts in this. We have talked about the need to have a ban on these weapons, a need that is felt throughout the world, both by countries that have used landmines, such as ours, and also by countries that have been devastated by what has become a plague of landmines. As I have said on the floor many times, this human disaster was described to me by a Cambodian I had in my office on a snowy winter afternoon at Christmastime in Vermont--one of the most beautiful times of year in our State--and it became far less beautiful as he said, ``We clear our landmines in Cambodia an arm and a leg at a time.''  Fifty-seven Senators--Democrats, Republicans, conservatives, men and women alike--joined together last Thursday to introduce legislation toban new deployments of antipersonnel landmines beginning in the year 2000. Our purpose is to enable the United States to join other nations around the world that have already shown both the moral and strategic courage and leadership by saying that they will ban unilaterally ban antipersonnel landmines. Senators like Bob Kerrey and John McCain, Chuck Robb, and Max Cleland, decorated Vietnam veterans, along with Senator Hagel, know far better than I what landmines have inflicted on our own soldiers. Senator Hagel has even been injured by them.  All of us know that landmines have some marginal value, but so do chemical weapons. But we banned them. The problem with landmines is that wars end, peace treaties are signed, armies march away, the guns grow silent--but the landmines stay. To the child who steps on a mine on the way to school a year after the peace agreement is signed, that peace agreement is no protection. To the farmer who cannot raise crops to feed his or her children because the fields are strewn with landmines, that peace agreement is worth nothing. To the medical personnel and humanitarian workers who cannot get polio vaccine to a village where it is needed because of the landmines, that peace agreement is useless.  What we have, Mr. President, is a weapon that has grown so grotesque, the use of which has gotten so out of balance that most responsible nations are uniting in one voice to say: Stop the horror of landmines. There are 100 million of them in the ground in some 68 countries that are waiting for a person to step on them and die, innocent civilians. There were over 64,000 American casualties from landmines in Vietnam. If that is not appalling enough, the majority of those landmines were built here in the United States and were killing American men and women half way around the world. In Bosnia, 279 U.N. and NATO soldiers have been injured or killed by landmines. Every American casualty in Bosnia from enemy causes has been from a landmine. Then you have thousands of innocent civilians that have lost arms, legs and so on.  Sixty-eight countries have a bridge to the 21st century, Mr. President, but that bridge is strewn with landmines. The United States has the responsibility, as a moral leader, to help stop that. Great Britain, Canada, Germany, South Africa are all countries that can claim a greater need for landmines than we can because they do not have the power of the United States. They have unilaterally renounced the use of these landmines and are destroying stockpiles. But a White House official, who apparently has an extreme case of myopia--and I say that only because in polite dialog we would not say he has an extreme case of stupidity--had the audacity to say that our legislation undermines their negotiations on a global ban rather than a unilateral measure.  Frankly, I don't think that he reflects the views of the President. I have to tell you that this is the most asinine comment issued by the administration yet on this issue. Why does the White House think a treaty banning these weapons is going to be signed in Ottawa this December? Countries are coming together to sign a treaty banning antipersonnel mines in Ottawa, not because of the United States or because of this administration's negotiating strategy; to the contrary, they are signing it in spite of the United States. While the United States has sat on the sidelines and forsaken the kind of moral leadership we can bring, dozens of other countries have taken strong, unilateral action by renouncing the use of these weapons and are pledging to sign a treaty in December. We showed great moral leadership on the Chemical Weapons Convention and on the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. But, Mr. President, far, far more civilians have died or have been injured by landmines than nuclear weapons or chemical weapons. Every Member of this Senate who is a combat veteran from Vietnam is a cosponsor of this bill.  I have more to say, but the distinguished Senator from Nebraska, my chief cosponsor, is on the floor. I yield the floor to Senator Hagel.  