I know Secretaries have traditionally steered clear of budgetary issues. As the budget for foreign assistance has fallen sharply in recent years, I hope she will become more directly involved in reversing this dangerous trend. Secretary Christopher called the decline in funding for foreign assistance ``the biggest crisis we are facing in foreign policy today.'' Not Bosnia. Not the Middle East. Not the fate of democracy in Russia. Not North Korea. Not renewed violence in Northern Ireland. Not the simmering conflict between India and Pakistan--both nuclear powers. Not the danger of plutonium ending up in the hands of terrorists. Not war and hunger in Africa.  No, all of those things. Because we cannot deal with these problems unless we are willing to pay the price. Leadership costs money. Ambassador Albright knows that.  I believe she will make the foreign policy budget a high priority and keep it at the top of the agenda. There have already been a number of Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, who have said strongly and forcefully--respected voices in this Chamber--that they will work to ensure that the administration has the funding necessary to effectively carry out its foreign policy. We need her active and sustained support in this.  She is going to have her plate full. I urge her to give special attention to the needs of our own hemisphere, and I know that she will. We have seen real progress toward democracy and free markets in Latin America, but the future is far from certain.  We have a compelling interest in stopping the flow of drugs and refugees, in strengthening civilian governments and seeing human rights respected in places where they are not, and in broadening our trade relations. I know of nobody who would give a better voice to that.  So I think Madeleine Albright was a superb choice. She will make us all proud, as she already has as our representative to the United Nations. And I think the fact that we are hearing such strong voices on both sides of the aisle commending this choice bodes well for her as Secretary of State, and for all Americans. She will be confirmed overwhelmingly.  It truly is the American dream when the daughter of a Czechoslovakian escaping communism becomes America's Ambassador to the United Nations, and the Secretary of State of this great Nation.  Mr. President, again, I thank my dear friend from Iowa for his customary courtesy, and I yield the floor.  