Hollings] will be here soon, as will the distinguished Senator from Nevada [Mr. Reid]. They are involved in another discussion of the issue that is pending in the Chamber.  Again, I will say, as I said over and over again, we have to separate the difference between a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution and a balanced budget. There is nothing to stop us today, this moment, right now, from bringing about a balanced budget. It could be done. It could be done very easily. We could vote for it. The President could sign it.  A balanced budget amendment to the Constitution means that we amend the Constitution for only 18 times since the Bill of Rights. Now, thousands of amendments have been proposed to the Constitution during that time. The Senate and the House and the States have been wise enough to reject them. Otherwise, had they not, we would have a Constitution about 5 or 6 or 7 or 8 times bigger than it is today. We would not have the bulwark of the most powerful nation known in history. But we also would not have just reflected the passing fancy of the moment, and that is what this is. Not a balanced budget. We can do that. All we need is the courage for it.  After watching the Reagan administration and the Bush administration and the nearly quadrupling of our national debt as they spoke of having a balanced budget, two administrations that took all the debt of this Nation for 200 years and tripled, quadrupled it in a matter of 12 years, all the time talking about the need for a balanced budget, that was the easy way. Talk about it and increase the deficit.  What has happened under President Clinton for the first time in my lifetime is that the deficit has come down 4 years in a row. It has meant some very tough votes. Members of the House and Senate have lost their seats in these bodies because of these tough votes. But what they did was the right thing. They left a legacy for their children and their children's children.  Let us stop the sloganeering. Let us talk about the tough votes. As I recall, in the first two efforts, first two successful efforts to bring down the deficit, most of the people now talking about the need for a balanced budget amendment did not even cast a vote to bring it down. Let us go for reality, not rhetoric.  I see the distinguished Senator from Nevada and the distinguished Senator from South Carolina in the Chamber, and I will yield the floor, Madam President.  