President--I will probably speak on this again this afternoon. If we go out, it means there will not be a chance to confirm a number of judges who are pending, who have been pending for a considerable period of time; one in particular, who has been voted out of our committee twice, once last year and again this year, Margaret Morrow, one of the most qualified people, man or woman, ever to be nominated to be a district court judge.  We also have what I think is the shocking situation of Bill Lann Lee, who has been subjected to some of the most scurrilous charges--charges, unfortunately, repeated even by Members of the Senate. The charges have been refuted, but need to be refuted in a hearing. We have asked for a further hearing on Bill Lann Lee just so those charges can be refuted. We have been told that we cannot have that hearing.  I renew the request. We should have it.  We talk about civil rights in this country. The civil rights of this country are determined by having strong laws and strong people to enforce those laws. I do not believe in the better natures of our souls as Americans that all of us would support the civil rights of all others simply in a vacuum. Many of us would; others do need the requirement of a law to do that.  I would like to think that I am a person who would never break into an unlocked, unguarded warehouse in the middle of the night to steal things. But we have laws and locks to prevent others who may not feel as strongly motivated to obey the commandment: ``Thou shalt not steal.''  By the same token, we set up laws that say: ``You shall not discriminate. You shall protect the civil rights of all Americans.'' Those laws need to be enforced. We do not have a chief enforcer now. The President has nominated Bill Lann Lee, a most qualified person for that position.  Unfortunately, the debate on this fine nominee took a decidedly partisan turn when the Speaker of the House chose to intervene in this matter and urge the Senate Republican leader to kill this nomination. He waited until after the confirmation hearing to raise and mischaracterize a case about which no member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Republican or Democrat, had asked a single question. Indeed, apparently unaware of the decision of hisparty leaders to defeat this nominee, Chairman Hatch predicted on the weekend news programs following the hearing that the nomination would be reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee but might face tough going on the Senate floor.  In his unfortunate letter, Speaker Gingrich unfairly criticized Mr. Lee and accused him of unethical conduct. Since that letter Speaker Gingrich's charges have been repeated over and over again. Indeed, Senator Hatch devoted an entire section of his statement last Tuesday opposing Mr. Lee to the Tipton-Whittingham case. Because of the mischaracterizations of this case and the misstatements of Mr. Lee's record and because Republican opponents are now distorting and contorting Mr. Lee's views, testimony and work, I thought it appropriate to request an opportunity for Bill Lee to respond to the false charges and impression being espoused by his opposition. I thought it only fair.  On behalf of and along with the other minority members of the Judiciary Committee, I sent Senator Hatch a letter yesterday formally requesting such a hearing. The chairman refused our request for a hearing. That is unfortunate. He explained on a Sunday talk show morning that all the questions that would be raised at an additional hearing had already been covered and implied that questions about the Tipton-Whittingham case had been asked in the extensive written questions to Mr. Lee that followed the hearing.  In fact, no Senator asked a single question about the Tipton-Whittingham case at the October 22 hearing and, although, Mr. Lee was sent page after page of written questions following the hearing, only Senator Hatch asked about the case. Unfortunately, Senator Hatch's question and its answer have been ignored by those opposing Mr. Lee. Speaker Gingrich and others are making false charges and the nominee has been given no fair opportunity to set the record straight.  Let me explain what the Tipton-Whittingham case is about. I regret having to discuss this matter at all since it remains a pending matter in the District Court for the Central District of California. The case includes serious allegations of sexual harassment and gender and racial discrimination involving the Los Angeles Police Department arising in part from an association of officers, called ``Men Against Women,'' which was apparently organized by former Los Angeles Police detective Mark Fuhrman.  The allegations of wrongdoing carelessly lodged against Mr. Lee are contradicted by the Republican mayor of Los Angeles, Richard Riordan, as well as the vice-president of the Los Angeles Police Commission, T. Warren Jackson, the assistant city attorney, Robert Cramer, and the city attorney, James K. Hahn. I ask unanimous consent that their letters be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my statement.  