 President, I rise this morning to encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies appropriations bill for fiscal year 2017.  Before I discuss this bill, I want to take a few minutes to extend my condolences to all who lost loved ones in the horrific act of terrorism that took place over the weekend in Orlando, FL. The unthinkable act of violence underscores how critical it is for the Nation's law enforcement to have the tools they need to prevent future incidents and protect the American people.  This bill funds important functions that are vital to our Nation's security, including law enforcement, immigration enforcement, cyber security, and severe-weather forecasting. I believe this bill reflects our strong bipartisan relationship on the Committee on Appropriations, and I thank my colleagues across the aisle for working with us to move the bill out of the committee.  As chairman of the Commerce, Justice, Science Subcommittee, I worked with my colleagues to provide critical funding for the U.S. Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the National Science Foundation, among others.  The Commerce-Justice-Science bill before us meets the subcommittee's allocation of $56.3 billion in discretionary spending. This level is $563 million above the fiscal year 2016 enacted amount and is $1.6 billion above the budget request. However, when taking out scorekeeping adjustments and comparing true spending, this bill is actually $1.83 million below the President's request.  The committee has made difficult but I believe responsible decisions to craft a bill that stays within the 2-year budget agreement that was agreed to last fall. Within these budgetary boundaries, I believe the committee has achieved a careful balance between the competing priorities of law enforcement, national security, economic development, scientific research, and space exploration.  The bill also funds the Department of Commerce at $9.3 billion, which keeps our next generation of weather satellites on schedule and ensures that the National Weather Service can continue to provide timely warnings for severe weather.  To help NOAA modernize the way it manages fisheries, the bill continues to provide strong funding for NOAA to expand its adoption of electronic monitoring and reporting in order to increase coverage of our Nation's fisheries and reduce costs for our commercial fishermen.  The red snapper fishery is vital to fishermen and businesses across my State of Alabama and the rest of the Gulf Coast States. I am pleased this bill continues several provisions that will help respond to the challenges facing anyone who wants to fish for gulf red snapper.  This committee remains supportive of science and innovation by maintaining healthy funding for the National Science Foundation, while preserving a balanced space program within NASA. The budget request that NASA presented to Congress included, I believe, a disingenuous combination of discretionary spending and an unprecedented amount of funding disguised as mandatory spending. The truth is that NASA's request only totaled $18.2 billion--a cut of $1 billion from what Congress provided last year. These cuts, if they were enacted, would erode ongoing science missions, delay exploration launches, and stifle American innovation.  In contrast to the budget request, the bill now before us funds NASA at $19.3 billion, preserving the funding Congress provided in 2016. This level makes it possible for the agency to continue supporting ongoing science and exploration missions, especially the SpaceLaunch System and the Orion capsule development, which are both in critical stages of development.  The bill maintains strong funding for the Department of Justice at $29.2 billion, and the bill provides either the budget request or at least a 1.5-percent increase for all Federal law enforcement operations to support men and women on the frontlines of preserving public safety. The bill before us also includes essential cyber security funding through the Department in order to protect our Nation and to track down, arrest, and prosecute child predators to keep our communities safe.  I want to point out that this bill provides $2.96 billion for victims of violent crime from the Crime Victims Fund, or CVF, which meets the 3-year average of deposits into the fund and is a metric the Committee on the Budget requested. As a result, overall funding for victims and victim-related grant programs--which are widely supported by many members of this committee as well as Members of the Senate--remain at or above the 2016 levels.  I believe this bill strikes a balance between the competing priorities of law enforcement, terrorism prevention, research, scientific advancement, and U.S. competitiveness. I think we have basically a transparent product that accommodates the Senate's priorities and addresses the needs of our Nation. I urge my colleagues at the proper time to support the bill's swift passage.  I yield the floor.  