Mr. Speaker, here we are once again debating Medicare. Thirty-eight years ago, the Republicans did not like Medicare, and they do not like it now. In 1965, 88 percent of Republicans voted against Medicare. And here they are, once again, trying to privatize prescription drugs for seniors, just like they tried to privatize Medicare.  This is just another scheme by the Republicans to entice older voters. Notlast week, not last year, but just yesterday, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas), the Republican chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, made it crystal clear when he said, ``To those who say that the bill would end Medicare as we know it, our answer is: We hope so.'' He went on to say, ``Old-fashioned Medicare is not very good.'' Tell my mother. Tell your mother that old-fashioned Medicare is not good. Tell your grandmother, tell your grandfather that old-fashioned Medicare was not good. It was good in 1965. It was good yesterday. It was good then, and it is still good right now. We do not need to destroy Medicare. We need to save and strengthen Medicare.  Mr. Speaker, this bill is just another Republican scheme to deceive our seniors, to deceive our elderly. That is not right. That is not fair. I want my Republican colleagues to tell the American people the truth. We must tell our seniors that the Republican bill does not offer our seniors the basic right to affordable prescription drugs. We must and we will tell the American people that the Republicans want to privatize Medicare.  We must tell the American people the truth. This is no time to play partisan politics with the lives of our seniors.  The clock is running. Time is running out. My Republican colleagues, you still have time to do the right thing. Do not turn your back on our seniors, on the elderly. This is a matter of life and death.  I beg, I plead with my colleagues to vote against the Republican bill, not just for our parents, our grandparents, our children, but also for generations yet unborn. Old-fashioned Medicare was like a bridge over troubled waters. It was reliable. It was dependable then, and it is still dependable.  Ask the seniors, ask the old people who live on fixed incomes in our cities and rural areas. I say to my Republican colleagues, follow the dictates of your conscience. You have a moral obligation, a mission, and a mandate to uphold the legislation of 1965 when Lyndon Johnson signed the Medicare bill.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this unreliable bill.  