Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for those kind remarks and also for yielding to me time to speak about H.R. 1616, the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site Land Exchange Act. I also want to thank my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Saxton), for bringing this legislation before us.  Madam Speaker, H.R. 1616 is a good bill. It authorizes the exchange of land owned by the National Park Service for land of equal or greater value from the City of Atlanta. The National Park Service and the City of Atlanta have already agreed to the land swapping. However, this cannot be done without authorization from Congress, and H.R. 1616 completes the deal.  This legislation is so important because the Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site Visitor Center and Museum is landlocked and has no emergency access, making it virtually impossible for firefighting equipment to reach the facility. In fact, if there were a fire at the visitor center, the Atlanta Fire Department would have to walk at least 150 to 200 yards in order to reach the center.  Luckily, we have not been faced with such an outcome. However, we must be prepared. Furthermore, Madam Speaker, with heightened security concerns at our Nation's monuments and parks, emergency access is critical.  Passage of H.R. 1616 will allow the Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site to create an emergency access road to and from the site.  As the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands already stated, this bill is a win-win for all parties. The acquisition of city-owned property would enable the National Park Service to establish easy street access to the Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site Visitor Center and Museum and would benefit the City of Atlanta by exchanging a piece of property that the city could develop into a viable commercial center.  Madam Speaker, Atlanta is the heart of the South and home to progressive residential and business communities. The Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site is adjacent to one of Atlanta's most preserved districts. It is a gathering place where people from all over the world travel to and from to learn our Nation's history. Furthermore the Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site is central to the growth and prosperity of the surrounding community.  Madam Speaker, we must do all that we can to preserve this important tale of history. H.R. 1616 plays a small, but important, role in achieving this responsibility.  Again, I would like to thank the Committee on Resources for supporting this bill, and I urge its immediate passage.  