 President, let me talk about a few of the drugs.  Actos is a drug for diabetes. As of 2005, in the United States, the price of that drug was $116. For the same number of pills and the same milligrams, it was $50.62 in Germany. Twice the price--same product, same company, same factory, but less than half the price in Germany.  For Celexa, a drug for depression, it was $85 in the United States and $35 in Germany. Same company, same product. Clarinex was $77 in the United States and $38 in Germany. On and on it goes--sometimes more, sometimes less but often half the price in Germany, and different prices in Canada but often the same end result.  The very simple question the Members of the Senate have to ask themselves is: Why is it that in the United States we have to pay the highest prices in the world for our medicine? Why is it that at a moment in history when we are eating food products from farms in Mexico and in Latin America, produced in China, and they are coming to our kitchen tables today, why is it that anybody here can say with a straight face it is OK for products all over the world to come into this country from tens of thousands of farms, but in terms of a handful of major drug companies, somehow we cannot regulate the flow of those medicines from Canada, for goodness' sake, into the United States?  Give me a break. That argument is so totally absurd as to be almost beyond the laugh test. This debate has nothing to do with drug safety. All of us are concerned about drug safety, and the Dorgan amendment has page after page after page of regulations making sure the FDA-approved medicines that come into our country will be safe.  What saddens me very much is that in many ways the American people have given up on this issue in terms of the ability of their own government to act, and they have taken matters into their own hands. I don't know what goes on in Montana, but in the State of Vermont thousands of people in our State go over the Canadian border. They go to the Canadian drugstores and buy the products they need. It is not a big deal, and they save substantial sums of money.  There was an estimate a few years ago, and I don't know what those numbers are today, but there was an estimate several years ago that about 2 million Americans were buying their medicine in Canada. What the Dorgan amendment is about is simply saying that it is a little bit absurd for Americans to have to get in their cars and drive to Canada to get the drugs they need; that it might make more sense for our pharmacists to be able to purchase that medicine, our prescription drug distributors to be able to purchase that medicine so, in fact, Americans could take advantage of the lower prices at their own local drugstore.  That is what we want to do. We don't want all of America to have to go to Canada or Germany to buy reasonably priced medicine. We want those products sold in this country at an affordable price.  I think many Americans are wondering: Well, how does it happen that a product made by an American drugcompany--at a time when the taxpayers of this country, by the way, spend billions of dollars in research and development for drugs that go to the drug companies--that in the midst of all this, how does it happen that we pay two or three times as much as our neighbors in Canada or our friends in Germany or throughout Europe? How does that happen?  Well, the answer is pretty simple. The answer is pretty simple. The answer has everything to do with the way we do politics in this country and the enormous power of large multinational corporations and the enormous power of lobbyists who represent those corporations. Let me quote from a Washington Post article of Friday, January 12, 2007. It is a front page article. This is what it says. This is January 12, 2007:       This month alone [i.e. January] the Pharmaceutical Research      and Manufacturers of America [PhRMA] spent more than $1      million on full-page newspaper ads touting the success of the      existing Medicare drug system.       Drug companies spent more on lobbying than any other      industry between 1998 and 2005--$900 million, according to      the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics. They donated      a total of $89.9 million in the same period to Federal      candidates and party committees, nearly three-quarters of it      to Republicans.       ``You can hardly swing a cat by the tail in Washington      without hitting a pharmaceutical lobbyist,'' said Senator      Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, a key sponsor of the      2003 legislation that created the current program.  That is what we are dealing with today, and we should not kid ourselves. The pharmaceutical industry, year after year, turns out to be one of the more financially successful industries in our country. According to Fortune magazine, the top 19 pharmaceutical companies in 2005 made $42.1 billion in profit; in 2004 the profit margin was almost 16 percent, three times higher than the average Fortune 500 company.  That is what you have. We have a situation where millions of Americans are struggling to pay their prescription drug costs. We have a situation where many Americans simply cannot afford the medicine they desperately need. We have a pharmaceutical industry which, year after year, enjoys some of the highest profits of any industry in this country. We have an industry which pays its CEOs very exorbitant salaries. We have an industry which has an estimated 1,200 paid lobbyists in this country, many of them former leaders of the Republican and Democratic Parties. We have an industry that makes huge amounts of campaign contributions. We end up with a situation in which we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.  Senator Dorgan quoted a study from the CBO, I believe it was, that suggests we could save some $50 billion over a 5-year period if we move to prescription drug reimportation. In this body we have people who get up every day and tell us how wonderful they perceive unfettered free trade to be. It is not a problem when American workers are thrown out on the street because factories are moved to China where people are paid 30 cents an hour; hey, that is part of the global economy. No problem there. There is no problem when food comes into this country from China and our farmers lose money. No problem. That is part of the global economy.  But somehow, amazingly enough, when an aspect of free trade works for the average American and not for a large multinational corporation, suddenly we do not like unfettered free trade. Suddenly we cannot reimport prescription drugs from Canada--from Canada, which neighbors us, obviously--from a handful of drug companies. We cannot do that. I think that argument is very absurd.  Let me conclude. A vote for the Cochran amendment is a vote to kill prescription drug reimportation, pure and simple. The Bush administration has said they will not go forward with reimportation. Let us defeat the Cochran amendment. Let us pass the Dorgan amendment. Let us lower prescription drug costs in this country by 25 percent to 50 percent. Perhaps even more important, let us show the American people that the Congress has the courage to stand up to the most wealthy and powerful lobby on Capitol Hill.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. McCaskill). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  