 The reality is, however, a number of States today have already enrolled 90 percent of their kids into the SCHIP program, and with the passage of this bill, more States will soon be at that level.  Further, we want to provide strong incentives for States below the 90-percent enrollment to reach that level.  This amendment, in order to incentivize States to reach that level of 90 percent, would allow States to apply for multiple grants of up to $2 million each when they achieve an enrollment rate of greater than 90 percent of children below 200 percent of poverty. These grants would help assure the children we enroll in SCHIP have a place to go to receive medical care and to find the personnel they need to provide that care. These grants would come from a pool of money--the State Health Access Innovations Pool--of $250 million, about 8 percent of the $3 billion incentive pool. This money will be used to find innovative approaches to increasing the availability of health and providers and services and would result in the direct provision of health services.  The reason for this initiative is pretty clear. In Vermont and in many other parts of this country, one can, in fact, have health insurance and yet find it quite difficult to buy or to find providers of that service. So what we are saying is let us make sure that when our kids do have health insurance, there will be doctors, there will be dentists, and there will be other health care providers. This is a good amendment, and I certainly hope it will be supported.  The other amendment I have offered, amendment No. 2600, is a simple amendment to Section 111 of the Children's Health Insurance Program reauthorization. Section 111, as my colleagues know, applies to certain qualifying States that expanded their Medicaid Program to cover kids prior to the enactment of CHIP in 1997. I wish to commend the Finance Committee for working language into the current bill that will no longer penalize these ``early expansion States'' and will allow States to cover children between 133 percent and 300 percent of the Federal poverty level to be covered under the CHIP program.  My amendment simply states that payments to States to cover these children who were previously covered under Medicaid be used solely to fund health care-related activities. Specifically, the language states that payments may only be used to provide coverage or to expand access for health care infrastructure, including but not limited to the provision of school-based health services, dental care, mental health services, federally qualified health centers, and educational debt forgiveness for health care practitioners in fields experiencing local shortages.  This amendment is a simple provision that will specify that States benefiting from an increased match must use these funds for health care and will allow States to address coverage issues as well as the crucial area of expanding access to services, something that particularly affects rural and inner city communities. I urge support for this amendment.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  