 On December 23, 2006, Senator Robert Stafford passed away. This was a tremendous loss for both Vermont and the country. There is no doubt, however, that his accomplishments in many areas will continue to be felt across this great Nation for countless years to come.  A native of Rutland, VT, Senator Stafford was born in 1913. Before representing Vermont in Washington, Bob Stafford spent years serving the people of our State, including as Attorney General. In 1960 he began service as Vermont's single voice in the U.S. House of Representatives, where he remained until 1971, when he became a Member of this hallowed body. During his 17 years in the United States Senate, Senator Stafford was known for his commitment to bipartisanship and congeniality.  Senator Stafford left his mark on our country in more ways than can be mentioned here today. He had an unwavering dedication to making education within reach of all our country's citizens and today, countless Americans--maybe even some of the younger members in this Chamber--have benefited from the Stafford Student Loan program. Additionally, his commitment to the environment and public health was unshakable. Bob Stafford, from his position as Chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee from 1981 until 1986, worked tirelessly to address both air and water quality issues, even when it meant doing so against the wishes of his own leadership, at the highest levels. His courage on all of these issues, and so many others, will never be forgotten.  Leaving the Senate did not stop Robert Stafford from contributing to the common good. In fact, he remained active at the state level and continued to fight for protection of the environment. I can only hope that I will be as engaged for as long as he was.  To honor Senator Stafford, Senator Leahy and I, along with Representative Welch, introduced a bill today to re-designate the White Rocks National Recreation Area in our fine state as the ``Robert T. Stafford White Rocks National Recreation Area.'' This is a small, but fitting, tribute to his memory.  Bob Stafford was a true public servant. I am humbled to be serving the State of Vermont in the seat he once held. He dedicated his life to serving others and to creating a better world. My thoughts are with his family as they mourn his passing. And may the example he set during his many years be emulated for many to come.  