 President, the first flaw Secretary Shalala identified was the lack of any requirement that the drug manufacturers give importers permission to use the FDA-approved labeling for imported medicines.  The Dorgan amendment addresses that concern.  The second flaw identified by Secretary Shalala was the lack of any ban on drug companies discriminating against foreign companies that export medicines to the United States.  The Dorgan amendment addresses that concern.  The third flaw identified by Secretary Shalala was the 5-year sunset in that version of the bill. That sunset would limit the public benefit from the investment the public would be making to put a safe reimportation system in place. In other words, she was saying, why should we go through all this effort if we are to only have a 5-year process.  The Dorgan amendment addresses that concern.  Finally, the Secretary noted the absence of a long-term income stream to fund enforcement of the reimportation system.  The Dorgan amendment addresses that concern.  In short, to characterize Secretary Shalala's letter as one that says reimportation is unsafe is to mischaracterize the essence of that letter. What Secretary Shalala was critical of was poison pills, what she called ``flaws and loopholes'' that were put in, or allowed to remain in the bill at the bidding of the pharmaceutical industry so they could defeat reimportation.  I have been involved in this issue for a long time, and that is what the drug companies do. Every day there is another reason why we can't go forward to lower the cost of prescription drugs. Every day there is another reason why we have to pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. We have 1,200 lobbyists, no doubt many of them running around right now knocking on doors, to make sure our people continue to pay the highest prices in the world.  Secretary Shalala wrote in her letter that she, in fact, hoped Congress would fix the flaws and close the loopholes in that 2000 legislation of 7 years ago, and this is what she wrote to President Clinton:       Mr. President, the changes to the reimportation legislation      that we have proposed can and should be enacted by the      Congress next year.  In other words, in 2001. Let me repeat that. Secretary Shalala wrote to President Clinton:       Mr. President, the changes to the reimportation legislation      that we have proposed can and should be enacted by the      Congress next year.  Unfortunately, it has taken 7 years of work to bring us to where we are today. This should have been done years ago. Under the Republican leadership, there was no question we could not get to first base on reimportation. I hope things have changed now.  Let me conclude by saying that anyone who comes up here and says they are for reimportation but they are voting for the Cochran amendment is in fact not for reimportation. Anybody who comes up here and says, well, even the Clinton administration said we could not do that, I am afraid also that is not accurate and I think they are quoting Secretary Shalala, who was then Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of context.  As I have mentioned before, I have been through these battles with thedrug companies before. There is nothing the pharmaceutical industry will not do--nothing--in order to make sure they remain one of the most profitable industries in America. They will say anything, do anything, and put any kind of pressure they can on Members of the Senate or Members of the House.  Today, we have an opportunity to do something important. For many years there was growing concern in this country about a do-nothing Congress, about a Congress that was worried far more about the wealthy and the powerful than the needs of ordinary Americans. The elections in November have changed that. We have new leadership here. I hope very much that under this new leadership we will all summon up the courage to stand up to the drug companies, the most powerful, the most greedy lobby and industry right here on Capitol Hill, and that we will go forward and we will pass this legislation to lower the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Nelson of Nebraska). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  