 President, I first want to thank Chairman Harkin andRanking Member Specter for their terrific work on the Labor-HHS appropriations bill. I appreciate how well the chairman and the ranking member were able to address so many of the important issues in this bill despite the overwhelming needs of so many worthy programs that have been terribly underfunded during the Bush administration. With this in mind, I want to enter into a colloquy to clarify a key issue concerning this measure.  As a member of the HELP Committee and its Retirement and Aging Subcommittee, I am a strong supporter of the Senior Community Service Employment Program, SCSEP, which provides part-time community service opportunities at minimum wage for unemployed low-income seniors over the age of 55 with poor employment prospects. This year, approximately 100,000 seniors nationally will have access to assistance from the SCSEP program. Last year, approximately 94,000 were served and 40 million hours of community services were provided at local community-based organizations, and 33 percent of participants obtained employment as a result of participating in this program  Through SCSEP, low-income older people benefit from training, counseling, and community service assignments at nonprofit organizations and public agencies before transitioning into the workforce. Participants' community service assignments benefit schools, health facilities, homeless shelters and food banks, disaster relief agencies, and aging services. The wages participants earn makes the difference in their ability to care for basic necessities of life such as food and medicine. Many participants overcome homelessness and other obstacles such as disabilities, literacy deficiency, language, or lack of self-esteem through their participation, and are able to compete for jobs in their local communities. Each year thousands of participants transition to employment, allowing additional older workers to benefit from the SCSEP.  The SCSEP program was reauthorized last year as part of the Older Americans Act with strong bipartisan support as a result of the tremendous difference the program makes in the lives of our Nation's low-income seniors and our communities. As our population continues to grow grayer, the need for SCSEP services is anticipated to grow accordingly.  SCSEP rewards work and the important contribution our Nation's seniors can make to our society. However, program costs will rise this coming year as the increase in the minimum wage results in higher costs for the SCSEP program due to the minimum wage payments made to program participants. In order to continue current participant service levels, the House bill provided $531 million for SCSEP, which provides adequate funds to cover the 2008 minimum wage increase.  I know that Senator Harkin and Ranking Member Specter are supporters of the program but had a funding allocation $2 billion lower than their counterparts in the House.  Can the chairman provide his commitment of his intent to fund SCSEP at the House-passed level when he moves to conference with the House?  