 President, that is exactly right.  I know the Senator from North Dakota has been very strong on this issue. We are looking at two sides of the same coin, with the result that the middle class gets squeezed and workers are forced to work for lower wages. That is, on one hand, a trade policy which corporate America pushed through the House and the Senate that says we can shut down plants in America, run to China, pay people there pennies an hour, and bring those products back into America. They have laid off millions of American workers. On the other side of the economy, we still have service jobs in this country, some of which may pay a living wage. Many of them do not. American corporations and companies say: We need to be able to make more profits, so if we cannot shut down restaurants and McDonald's in America and take them to China, well then, I guess what we have to do is bring those workers back into the United States. But as the Senator from North Dakota just indicated, the end result is the same: more and more workers experiencing cuts in their wages, poverty in America increasing, and the middle class shrinking.  Let's not forget--I think a lot of people do not know this, and the media does not necessarily make this point--behind a lot of this immigration legislation stands the largest corporations in America, one of them being Microsoft, having played a very active role in this debate. Here is what the vice president of Microsoft said, as quoted in BusinessWeek in 2003:       It's definitely a cultural change to use foreign workers,      but if I can save a dollar, hallelujah.  Four years ago, Brian Valentine, Microsoft's senior vice president, urged his managers to ``pick something to move offshore today.''  The CEO of Microsoft has said--this is Steve Ballmer; this is relevant to this debate--``Lower the pay of U.S. professionals to $50,000 and it won't make sense for employers to put up with the hassle of doing business in developing countries.  Lower the pay of professionals in America.  What I find interesting about corporate America's support for this type of legislation is their arguments now distinctly contradict the arguments they made when they told us how good outsourcing is for this country and how good our trade policies such as NAFTA and permanent normal trade relations with China would be. What hypocrisy. One day they shut down plants with high-skilled, well-paid American workers and move to China. That is one day. On the next day, after having shut down a plant with highly skilled workers, they have the nerve to come to the Congress and tell us they cannot find skilled workers to do the jobs they have. Give me a break.  I think we all know what is going on here. Greed rather than love of country has become the driving force behind corporate decisions. While corporate profits are at their highest share of gross domestic product since 1960--up more than 90 percent since President Bush took office--median earnings are at their lowest share since 1947. In other words, as a result of all of these policies, people on top--corporateAmerica--are doing very well. The middle class is struggling. While millions of workers are working longer hours for lower wages, the CEOs of major corporations are now earning 400 times what their employees make.  Today, in America, the top 300,000 Americans earn nearly as much income as the bottom 150 million Americans combined. Today, in America, the richest 1 percent own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent, and we now have the most uneven distribution of wealth and income of any major nation on Earth. That is the reality, and these immigration policies, these trade policies, are directly causing this disparity of wealth and income.  We hear over and over again from large multinational corporations that there are jobs Americans just will not do and that we need foreign workers to fill those jobs. Well, that is really not quite accurate. If you pay an American or any person good wages and good benefits, they will do the work.  In June 2005, Toyota, in San Antonio, TX, announced the opening of a plant. That plant received, in a 2-week period, 63,000 applications for 2,000 jobs. That story has been repeated all over this country. If you are going to pay decent wages, they will come and they will do the work. Yes, it will be difficult to attract an American worker to work in, say, a meatpacking house if the pay is 24 percent lower today than it was in 1983--24 percent lower. But guess what. In 1980, when the wages of meatpacking workers were 17 percent higher than the average manufacturing sector wage--because they had a strong union--American workers were prepared to do that difficult and dirty job. They did it because they were paid well. They had a union. They had dignity.  I have talked about the crisis in terms of low-wage jobs. Now let me say a few words about the problems facing our country in terms of higher wage jobs.  While our corporate friends bemoan the lack of skilled professionals and want to bring hundreds of thousands of more employees into this country with a bachelor's degree, an M.A., or a Ph.D., earnings--while this process goes on--of college graduates were 5 percent lower in 2004 than they were in 2000, according to White House economists. In other words, for college graduates, their earnings are also in decline. But what this legislation does is expand the opportunity for people with M.A.s and Ph.D.s and B.A.s and B.S.s to come into this country. When it comes to the H-1B visa, our corporate friends tell us Americans cannot do it. We cannot do that work. We are either too dumb or just not willing to do the following jobs.  Let me for a moment mention some of the eligible occupations for H-1B visas that Americans are, apparently, too dumb to be able to do: information technology/computer professionals, university professors, engineers, health care workers, accountants, financial analysts, management consultants, lawyers--my God, if there is one thing in this country, one area where we have too many, it is lawyers; I am not sure there is a pressing need to bring more lawyers into this country--architects, nurses, physicians, surgeons, dentists, scientists, journalists and editors, foreign law advisers, psychologists, technical publication writers, market research analysts, fashion models--fashion models--and teachers in elementary or secondary schools. I just did not know we were incapable of providing teachers in our elementary or secondary schools.  Having said that, I do recognize we do have a serious problem in terms of labor shortages in some areas. That is true. But, in my view, our major strategy must be to educate our own students in these areas so they can benefit from these good-paying jobs. These are the jobs which are paying people good wages. Rather than bringing people from all over the world to fill them, I would rather our kids and grandchildren were able to do these kinds of jobs.  Let me give you one example. Right now, it is absolutely true that we have a major shortage of nurses in this country. That is true. But at the same time as we have a major shortage of nurses, some 50,000 Americans last year applied to nursing schools, and they could not get into those schools because we do not have the faculty to educate Americans to become nurses. How absurd is that? So it seems to me, before we deplete the Philippines and other countries of their stock of nurses--doing very serious harm to their health care systems--maybe, just maybe we might want to provide educators in this country for our nurses. The same thing is true of dentists. It is a very serious problem with regard to shortages of dentists. Yet in dental schools all over this country we lack faculty to educate people to become dentists. While there is a dispute as to whether we do have a shortage in information technology jobs, there is no doubt we should make sure that enough Americans--far more Americans--are better educated in math and computer science than we are currently doing.  The bottom line is we need to take a very hard look at our educational system and, among other things, make college education affordable to every American while we increase our focus on math and science. How absurd it is that hundreds of thousands of low-income kids no longer are able to go to college because they cannot afford it, and then we say: Well, we don't have the professionals we need in this country; we have to bring them in from abroad. So the long-term solution is making sure college is affordable and improving our public schools so our people can fill these jobs.  As this debate on this bill continues, I am going to do everything I can to make sure any immigration reform legislation passed by this body has the result of lifting wages up and expanding the middle class, rather than doing the contrary.  Mr. President, thank you very much.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  