 President, I congratulate my colleague from North Dakota for the extraordinary and comprehensive outline of this issue that he has made not only today but in the past.  Mr. President, every single day in this Congress, and throughout America, people sit down and eat their lettuce and tomato and their salads. Their tomatoes come from Mexico, Latin America, and their lettuce comes from Latin America. Other foods they eat come from as far away as China. Billions of dollars of food imports come into this country, but I don't hear anybody in this body standing up and saying, oh, we have a problem about food safety or food coming from other countries. They come in.  There is a problem--and I don't hear it too often here, but somehow the U.S. Government, with the FDA, cannot regulate a small number of drug companies so that we can safely bring in prescription drugs from Canada and other industrialized countries so that, as a result, we can substantially lower the cost of medicine for millions and millions of Americans. This is absurd. Of course, we can safely regulate the flow of medicine coming into this country.  The real issue is not the safety of medicine. The real issue is the power of the pharmaceutical industry, the most powerful industry in terms of lobbying impact in the United States of America. If you think the oil companies are powerful, take a look at the drug companies. If you think the banks are powerful, take a look at the drug companies. Today, we are living under a Medicare Part D prescription drug program that was written by the drug companies, for the drug companies. Today, billions of dollars of taxpayer money goes into research and development for new medicines that go to benefit the drug companies, while the American people do not get reasonable prices for the products they help to produce.  Mr. President, since 1998, the pharmaceutical industry has spent over $900 million on lobbying activity--$900 million. That is more than any other industry. Today, there are over 1,200 prescription drug lobbyists right here on Capitol Hill and throughout this country. Do you know what their job is? Their job is to make sure in the United States of America we continue to pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for the medicine we use.  If you have a chronic illness, there is a strong likelihood you will be paying two times as much for the same medicine as our friends in Canada or Europe pay. Why is it that the same medicine, manufactured in the same factory, costs us, in some cases two times, and in some cases three times, as much money as it costs our Canadian and European friends?  The answer is pretty simple. It has everything to do with the power of the pharmaceutical industry and the enormous amounts of money they spend on lobbying, on campaign contributions, on advertising, and the pressure they put on Members of the United States Congress.  Mr. President, I have been involved in this issue for a number of years. I have been involved in it in an emotional way because I was the first Member of Congress to take constituents over the Canadian border to purchase, in that case Tamoxifen, which is a widely prescribed breast cancer drug that ended up costing Vermont women one-tenth the price they had to pay in the United States.  In our country today, there are people struggling very hard with terrible illnesses who have no health insurance and who need their prescription drugs. Some of them simply cannot purchase their prescription drugs. Some are taking money out of their food budget to buy their prescription drugs. We are a great nation in many respects. But the time is long overdue for Members of the Senate, for Members of the House, to reclaim this institution from the powerful special interests.  Today is a day of reckoning. This is very important legislation. This can drive the price of prescription drugs down by 25 to 50 percent. Let's stand together and, for those Members who are wavering on the issue, who think they cannot vote for it, I hope at least they will support cloture to allow us to continue this debate and to finally lower the cost of prescription drugs for the American people.  