 President, this debate is not just about extending health care to our children. It is about our national priorities. It is about who we are as a nation. It is about which side we are on.  For the last 6 years, we have had a President who has insisted, as one of his major priorities, on more and more tax breaks for the very wealthiest people in our country. People who are worth millions of dollars and people who are worth billions of dollars have, collectively, received hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks. But when it comes to those people most in need, those people who are most vulnerable, including the children of our country--the kids who are 2 or 3 years of age--who have health care needs, this President, tragically and embarrassingly, has not been there. If you are wealthy and powerful, he is there. If you are a child and vulnerable, AWOL--he is not listening. In fact, he has been in opposition.  It is no secret to the American people that our current health care system is disintegrating. Today, 46 million Americans, including over 9 million children, have no health insurance whatsoever, and tens of millions more are underinsured, with high premiums and copayments. Costs are soaring every single year, and small businesses in my State of Vermont and throughout this country are no longer, in many cases, able to offer any health insurance. Throughout the country today workers are being asked to pay a higher and higher percentage of the cost of their health insurance, and many of them cannot afford to do that because health insurance premiums have been rising four times faster than workers' earnings since the year 2000.  In the midst of all of that--more and more uninsured, costs soaring--we end up spending twice as much per capitaon health care as any other country and remain--we remain--the only Nation in the industrialized world that does not guarantee health care to all our people as a right of citizenship. Today, we are debating about whether we should expand the SCHIP program to 3 million more children. But all over the industrialized world, every child in those countries has health care as a right of citizenship.  Despite the over $2 trillion--$2 trillion--we now spend on health care--money which, to a significant degree, goes to enrich the insurance companies and the drug companies--our health status measures, including infant mortality and life expectancy, rank among the lowest of developed countries. We spend twice as much as other countries per person on health care--with over 9 million children who have no health insurance--and yet health status measures are lower than many of our allies around the world.  