 The reality is that the needs facing the people of our country who are impacted by this bill are enormous. There is, unfortunately, not enough funding available to accommodate those needs, and within that context, Senator Harkin and Senator Specter have done their very best.  I wish to say a few words about one particular program which is important to me, which is important to the people of Vermont, and which is vitally important to this whole country as we try to deal with the health care crisis our country is now facing, a crisis in which 47 million Americans have no health insurance, even more are underinsured, and the cost of health care is soaring every day. What this legislation deals with and I think deals with quite well is understanding that it is important for us to grow the number of community health centers in this country.  The community health center program is a wonderful success story, and it is widely recognized as one of the most cost-effective programs in the entire Federal Government. Community health centers are community-run. They are run by the people in the community themselves. They are run on a nonprofit basis. They provide not only affordable health care to their people but affordable dental care, which is a growing crisis all over rural America and in the State of Vermont. They provide mental health counseling--another serious issue. They provide low-cost prescription drugs--in fact, the lowest cost prescription drugs available in America.  These federally qualified health centers serve people from all walks of life and all incomes. Whether you have private insurance, whether you have Medicare, whether you have Medicaid, or whether you have no health insurance, you are welcome into these community health centers. For those with no health insurance, payment is based on a sliding scale. If you don't have a whole lot of money, you don't have to pay a lot for your health or dental care.  Today, over 16 million Americans--16 million--benefit from the services health centers provide in every State and in almost every congressional district in our country. For an average Federal grant expenditure of only $124 per patient per year, these centers offer comprehensive health care, regardless of ability to pay. At a time when more and more Americans are losing their health insurance, when they are finding it hard to secure primary health care, these centers play an extraordinary role, and they deserve to be adequately funded.  This legislation provides $2.24 billion for the community health center program--a $250 million increase above the fiscal year 2007 level. I thank Senators Harkin and Specter very much for their support for this program. It is estimated that this increase will allow us to expand or create some 500 new community health centers all over this country, serving an additional 2 million Americans. That is a big deal at a time when millions and millions of people are unable to find primary health care or just don't have the funds to pay for it. Given the fact that we have 47 million uninsured, it is clear this is not enough, but it is a significant step forward.  In Vermont in recent years, we have expanded the number of federally qualified health centers from two to six, and my hope is that we can add an additional three or four more centers in the next 3 years. These centers now serve over 86,000 Vermonters and provide quality health care, quality dental care, low-cost prescription drugs, and mental health counseling in some 23 different locations around the State of Vermont. The centers are the medical home for 24 percent of Vermont's Medicaid beneficiaries and serve 19 percent of our uninsured.  Nationally, health centers are not only providing quality, efficient care in underserved communities, they are filling a major gap in our Nation's health care system where primary care is becoming a lost profession. It is no secret that in many parts of America, especially rural America, it is very, very hard for people to locate a primary health care physician. It is also imperative that these centers play a role, which allow people to go to them rather than flooding emergency rooms in hospitals, which are much more expensive.  In addition to this appropriations bill, we are also in the process of reauthorizing the community health center program in the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee on which I serve, and I thank our chairman and our ranking member for putting forth this important legislation that has the support of 68 Members from both sides of the aisle.  So I think this issue of community health centers is very much an issue and an area supported by people from different political perspectives. It is doing an enormous job in providing health care to millions of Americans. I am glad we are going to take a step forward when we pass this legislation.  