 President, let me begin by congratulating Senator Kennedy for his strong leadership on the need to raise the minimum wage--a minimum wage that has not been raised for 10 years.  Let me also congratulate my colleague from Ohio, the current Presiding Officer, for his fine remarks, which I certainly concur with.  The United States of America is the richest country in the history of the world. Unfortunately, despite our great wealth, nearly 13 percent of our citizens are living in poverty, and we have today the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country in the industrialized world. In my opinion, we have a moral responsibility to end childhood poverty in America.  Therefore, the amendment I am offering today simply expresses the sense of the Senate that, No. 1, we have a moral obligation to improve the lives of nearly 37 million Americans living in poverty, including nearly 13 million children; No. 2, we have to address the reality that in the United States today we have, by far, the most unfair distribution of wealth and income of any major industrialized country, and that we have a moral obligation to reduce that growing gap between the rich and the poor; No. 3, and most important, this amendment calls upon the President to submit a plan to Congress which eradicates childhood poverty over the next decade and reduces the growing gap between the rich and the poor.  As a nation, we are often very proud of our accomplishments. How often do we hear people say, ``U.S.A., No. 1''? I share that sentiment. Certainly, in so many areas our country is leading and has led the rest of the world, and we are all very proud of that.  Unfortunately, in terms of childhood poverty, within the industrialized world, we are also No. 1. We are No. 1 in having the highest rate of childhood poverty among any major country in the world, and that is not a No. 1 of which we should be proud.  According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the childhood poverty rate in the United States today is nearly 18 percent. According to data from the Luxembourg Income Study Group, the childhood poverty rate in the United States is even higher, almost 22 percent.  Well, let's take a look at what childhood poverty rates are in other major countries, in many of the countries that we compete against economically. In Germany, the childhood poverty rate is 9 percent. In France, it is 7.9 percent. In Austria, it is 6.7 percent. In Sweden, it is 4.2 percent. In Norway, it is 3.4 percent. In Finland, the childhood poverty rate is only 2.8 percent--2.8 percent in Finland, over 18 percent in the United States of America. There is something wrong with that equation.  Have other countries succeeded when they put their minds to reducing childhood poverty rates? The answer is yes.  In 1999, the British Government--our good friends in the United Kingdom--made a commitment to address childhood poverty. Six years later, child poverty in the United Kingdom had been cut by 20 percent. Similar progress, as I understand it, has been made in Ireland.  Unfortunately, at the same time that Britain was taking important steps to reduce childhood poverty, in the United States childhood poverty increased by about 12 percent. The situation is bad, and we are moving in the wrong direction.  When we hear our fellow Senators come to the floor and say the United States is the greatest country on Earth, I share that sentiment. But I do not share the sentiment that the greatest country on Earth should have, by far, the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world, and that rate is growing higher and higher. We have to address that issue. We cannot sweep it under the carpet.  While we continue to have the highest rate of childhood poverty, and while over 5 million more Americans have slipped into poverty since George W. Bush has been President, there is another issue that this Senate has to address, and that is the growing oligarchic nature of our society. It is not talked about too much, but I think we should place it on the table.  Today, the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent, and the CEOs of our largest corporations now earn over 800times what a minimum wage worker earns. Today in America the wealthiest 13,000 families who constitute one one-hundreeth of 1 percent of the population receive almost as much income as the bottom 20 million American families in the United States; one one-hundreth of 1 percent receive almost as much income as the bottom 20 million American families. That, in my view, is not what America is supposed to be.  