 If any Member of the Senate wanted to retire today and they wanted to run up to northern Vermont or to the Littleton, NH, area, these are the jobs which are available today, posted by the Vermont Department of Labor: If you wanted to be a flagger, you can make $10 an hour; if you want to be a dispatcher, $11 an hour; home care attendants, thousands of home care attendants taking care of the elderly and the frail make all of $7.53; store clerk, $8 an hour; construction laborer, $11 an hour; receptionist, $8 to $10 an hour; shipping, $11 an hour; machine operator, $8 to $10 an hour. On and on it goes. Those are the jobs available today in northern Vermont, what we call the Northeast Kingdom, and the Littleton, NH, area.  Over the years in Vermont and throughout this country, people have been trying to understand a very important concept: How much money does an individual and a family need in order to survive economically with dignity? That means having an adequate home, having a car that works, paying your electric bill on time, having some health insurance, having childcare for a child if that is what you need. That whole concept is called a livable wage--the means by which an American citizen can live in dignity.  For a single person living alone in the State of Vermont, that wage is $14.26 an hour. That is substantially more than the wage being paid in Vermont for a cashier, which is what more people do than anything else. If you are a single parent with one child, that livable wage is $21.40 an hour; single parent with two children, $20.59 an hour; two parents, two children, and one wage-earner, $24.89.  What is my point? My point is a simple one: Despite the Chamber of Commerce assertion that there are all these great-paying jobs out there and the major problem facing our economy is that we just can't find the workers to do them, I can tell you, in the Vermont-New Hampshire area, there are thousands and thousands of decent, hard-working people making 10 bucks an hour, 11 bucks an hour, 12 bucks an hour, less than that, and many of those workers have no health insurance. Many of those workers are having a hard time making ends meet.  Here is my concern about this legislation. At a time when millions of Americans are working longer hours for low wages and have seen real cuts in their wages and benefits, this legislation would, over a period of years, bring millions of low-wage workers from other countries into the United States. If wages are already this low inVermont and throughout the country, what happens when more and more people are forced to compete for these jobs? Sadly, in our country today--and this is a real tragedy--over 25 percent of our children drop out of high school. In some minority neighborhoods, that number is even higher. What kind of jobs will be available for those young people?  This is not legislation designed to create jobs, raise wages, and strengthen our economy. Quite the contrary. This immigration bill is legislation which will lower wages and is designed to increase corporate profits. That is wrong, and that is not an approach we should accept.  Today, corporate leaders are telling us why they want more and more foreign workers to come into this country to compete with American workers. I find it interesting that just a few years ago, during the debate over our trade policy, this is what these same people had to say. Let me quote. According to an Associated Press article of July 1, 2004, Thomas Donohue, president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, was quoted as saying that he ``urged American companies to send jobs overseas'' and that ``Americans affected by off shoring should stop whining.'' Then he told the Commonwealth Club of California that ``one job sent overseas, if it happens to be my job, is one too many. But the benefits of [outsourcing] jobs outweigh the cost.'' That was from an AP story, July 1, 2004.  Carly Fiorina, former CEO of Hewlett-Packard, said in January of 2004: ``There's no job that is America's God-given right anymore,'' as her company Hewlett-Packard has shipped over 5,000 jobs to India, outsourced almost all of their notebook PC designs, production, and logistics to Taiwan, and manufactures much of their product in China. Ms. Fiorina may have had a point. A few years ago, she lost her job as CEO due to poor performance. But unlike the thousands of jobs she was responsible for shipping overseas, Ms. Fiorina walked away with a $21 million golden parachute.  I should add that Hewlett-Packard, among many other corporate leaders in outsourcing, just coincidentally happens to be one of those corporations most active in the immigration debate. In other words, if these large corporations are not shutting down plants in the United States, throwing American workers out on the streets, moving to China, where they pay people 50 cents an hour, what they are doing is developing and pushing legislation which displaces American workers and lowers wages in this country by bringing low-wage workers from abroad into America.  