Ryan.  You know, gas prices yesterday in Kalamazoo, Michigan hit $3.99 a gallon. You know, I can remember when our imports from other countries for oil and gas crossed the 50 percent threshold. And then it was 60 percent. In a few years, it's going to be 88 percent of the oil that we consume is going to come from overseas. Sadly, I report that this country is woefully unprepared for the future for a country that's going to need 50 percent more energy by the year 2030.  Now, we've done some things on conservation. We've done some CAFE standards, but that's not overnight, it's going to take a number of years. We've done some things on building standards and appliance standards, lighting. Those things kick in a few years from now. But you know what? I think all of us here, based on last night's vote, believe in the theory of supply and demand.  Worldwide, the demand is going up dramatically. China and India, 10, 15 percent annual growth rates. Our demand has actually declined because of the price by about a percent over the last year, but the supply has stayed the same. Yes, you can talk about more wells drilled, but the old existing wells aren't producing the oil that they used to. From the nineties to now, Alaskan oil has declined by 50 percent. And yet Bill Clinton, when he vetoed the ANWR bill 10 years ago, said, that's 10 years off, we don't need that now. Well, guess what? Ten years later, we need that oil. We need greater supply.  Last night's vote, taking oil out of SPR, 60,000 barrels a day, a lot of us voted for it because that means that the supply is going to go up for consumers by 60,000 barrels a day. So we're onto that. That passed overwhelmingly here in the House. But whether it's Alaska, whether it's offshore drilling--I don't know how many of you here know that China is drilling off Cuba, 45 miles off the Florida coast. China is drilling off Florida, yet we can't do that. I think we have a limit of 100 miles. Eighty-five percent of our offshore drilling is off-bounds. We need to reverse that.  Last year in this House, we had a vote that prevailed by six votes that took land in our BLM lands, public lands out in Colorado, Utah, and Wyoming, it took it off so that we can't allow the permits to get oil shale. The oil shale reserves there are expected to exceed a trillion barrels. That's more than the Saudis. And we can't even allow the permitting for companies to go in and explore and perhaps increase the supply so that we can decrease the price with such a provision. I look forward to a revote on that same amendment perhaps this year.  The Canadians. I met with a Canadian Minister of Energy a couple of weeks ago, with a Canadian ambassador. They are now successfully extracting a million barrels a day from oil shale in Alberta. And because of a certain section that was in the energy bill offered successfully last year, we can't take that in this country. If you want to increase the supply so that the price can come down, we have to look at domestic resources, whether they be off our shores, whether they be in our own lands and we know that we can produce it safely, or in Alaska as well, ANWR.  We want the oil here. And we want to help have some decreasing pressure on that price that is costing consumers in lots of ways, not only their transportation, but food and all those different things.  So I would like to think that we can adopt this resolution, looking for more receipts for the domestic industry.  