And I am pleased to join you tonight and my colleagues from Georgia here and Texas now as well. I'd like to just make a couple of points.  First of all, I'm not on your list of 93 that signed that discharge petition, but that's because the line was too long. I hope that I can be there tomorrow when we're on the floor for votes, because you have to do that, of course--as any student knows of this Chamber--you have to sign the discharge petition in the well of the House. And when I was available to do that, the line was way too long. So hopefully tomorrow I will put you over 100 and get closer to the 218.  I want to say just a couple of things that perhaps haven't been said yet and enter into a dialogue with my good friend, Dr. Gingrey.  First of all, when we talk about Alaska, I did support drilling in Alaska multiple times over the last couple of years. It was adopted, actually, in the House and in the Senate with some bipartisan votes, and sadly, President Clinton vetoed that bill 10 years ago saying it's 10 years away. Well, here we are today.  We had a couple of very good provisions in that bill that were important; that all of the oil drilled in Alaska had to stay in the United States. It couldn't go to China, couldn't go to Korea or Japan, it had to come here. Of course that meant we would have to have the refining capability to do it as well. We also made it so that we limited it to no more than a couple thousand acres. And as the gentleman from Georgia indicated, that's about the size--for me, it's the size of Western Michigan University, not Dulles Airport--in an area that's the size of the State of South Carolina. So that's pretty small.  And of course what we know, too, is that if that oil can be drilled successfully, we can just build that tangent a little bit to the spine--you know, those of us from Michigan, you put your hand up like this. I can't quite do that with Alaska. But if this was Alaska, you only have to drill that pipeline to the spine, and then it comes down, and it's economical to do that. So that's number one.  Number two, you know, right now President Bush and other world leaders are talking to a number of the nations in Arab lands talking about what they can do to increase production. Because we all believe in supply and demand. And as the demand continues to rise, because the supply has stayed relatively stable, the price has only gone up over $4 in my district and yours, and now across the country.  Well, how can we ask the Arabs to increase their production and we won't do it ourselves? We've said no to Alaska. We've said no to the offshore drilling off our west and east coasts and even parts of the Gulf of Mexico. Eighty-five percent of our coastline is off limits, and yet we know oil is there.  Let's look at different alternatives. One of the alternatives, of course, is the development of oil shale out west, where it's anticipated that there could be as much as 1.5 trillion barrels; don't quite have the procedures down right, it's a couple years away, but you've got to begin that process, to begin the permit process. Much of it is on Federal land. No, I'm not talking about Yellowstone Park and our national parks, but in BLM land. And yet, on a vote that we had in this House last summer, by six votes we failed to allow the Department of the Interior to allow the first permits to be approved to allow the private sector to go out and explore for this oil shale--which we could develop, I would like to think, within a couple years, four to six, something along that line. But, in fact, a trillion and a half barrels are available.  We have to do more on conservation. I was one, coming from Michigan, a tough vote was increasing CAFE. You know that. We have to have the R, the research and development to help our auto companies develop the technologies that we, the consumers, want. And Joe Knollenberg from our State has a great bill that does that that he unveiled just a couple weeks ago.  We have to do more on conservation, and a number of different steps that I know can be taken along that front.  But the bottom line is this: If we want the price to come down, we have to increase the supply. That means we have to get away from where we're drilling today. We have to look at new sites, new techniques, and in fact we can do something, I think, about that $4 plus gasoline that all of us are pained to pay.  And if I could, I would like to yield to the gentleman from Georgia to talk a little bit about an issue that I know a little something about as well, and that is Section 526 up in Canada.  