 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation, and want to commend all those that were instrumental in getting its passage to the floor, particularly my good friend, Judy Biggert from Illinois.  We have made some wonderful advances in health care research over the number of years. I can remember helping to lead the charge with my colleague, Mr. Waxman, on a bipartisan bill to double the money for the National Institutes of Health back in the nineties, and we had a similar effort in the Senate between John McCain, the Republican leader there of that same issue, and Paul Wellstone, a dear colleague who is no longer with us. But, together we passed that bipartisan legislation. And with those advances, of course we have to look at other things that are pertinent, too, and that is why this Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act is so important.  I remember traveling to the University of Michigan and meeting with one of the researchers there that in fact had received an NIH grant; and he just weeks before, because of that grant, had identified the breast cancer gene that strikes one in eight women across America. He was excited. And it wouldn't have happened without that NIH money; but with that discovery, it is clear that we have to in fact protect that genetic information from being discriminated against by who knows who.  And I would say that, thanks to my colleagues, Mr. Deal, the ranking member on the Health Subcommittee who is in a hearing right now, and JoeBarton, the ranking member, that we have all made advances and worked closely with Chairman Dingell to mitigate what we believed were some significant problems with the legislation as it was introduced.  Among other items, we wanted to make sure that any use of information by certain entities regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act not also be regulated by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under title II of the bill. Such dual regulation of the use of information would have been highly disruptive and certainly inappropriate.  We also made numerous clarifications to make sure that the new regulatory scheme did not disrupt reasonable and needed activities by health plans to improve health care, coordinate benefits, process benefits, or educate beneficiaries. It is important for the Congress to be mindful that we are not writing on a blank slate each and every time that we launch one of these new regulatory and liability schemes. And I certainly join many here that are satisfied that these important improvements made by the Committee on Energy and Commerce are preserved in the bill. I want to commend the bipartisan and bicameral discussions that led to this compromise, and I would urge that we all support it when a roll call vote comes.  At this point, I would yield the balance of our time that our committee controls to my friend from Illinois (Mrs. Biggert).  