Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment, though I wish it could do a lot more. I appreciate your remarks, my friend from Oklahoma, and certainly my good friend from Texas, a member of the House Armed Services Committee, and I, in large part, echo the remarks of my good friend, the former chairman and now ranking member, Mr. Hunter.  Section 526, I'm not sure where it really came from. It was a provision that was snuck in a major energy bill this last year, and it somehow became law. And sadly, as we talk to our Canadian fronts, they're producing 1.5 million barrels of oil a day, 1.5 million barrels a day from oil shale, tar sands rather, in Alberta, and they want to send it to their good friends to the south, the United States of America. And this section 527 stops it at the border. It prevents it from coming in.  Now, I think we all know that we have a supply problem in this country which is why the price of gasoline continues to go up as it has every single day. And until we get the message out that we need more supply so that we can counter this price increase, they're going to continue to go up. It's crazy to think that our friends, the Canadians, who have all of this up there and want to send it to us down here in the Lower 48, cannot do that.  As I sat down with their ambassador a few weeks ago and their energy minister as well, they're producing at least 1.5 million barrels a day. They're anticipating within 4 or 5 years they're going to be producing as much as 4 million barrels a day. They can't consume that all perhaps, and guess what they're going to do. They're likely to build a pipeline, and they're going to send it west. It's going to end up in China or someplace else, rather than coming down and be refined in this country and used by our motorists across the country.  So, for me, I'd like to repeal the whole section, and I know the gentleman doesn't do that in this amendment. But it's a step in the right direction, and I would like to think that we can hold our nose and be able to support this amendment, make it part of going to conference and perhaps even make it better when it emerges from the House and the Senate.  I appreciate the gentleman's willingness to work with Members on both sides, and I certainly appreciate a number of my colleagues on that side of the aisle who are looking to work with me to try and repeal the whole section. But we realize that the Rules Committee was not going to say ``yes'' to us, and this is one step.  We'd like to take a giant step, which this bill does not do, but at least it is going in the right direction, increasing our supply to a degree so that maybe we can have some downward pressure on the price of gasoline at the pump for all Americans across the country.  