Speaker, by the year 2030, our country is going to need between 40 and 50 percent more energy, and that means we need more nuclear, we need more clean coal, we need more renewable, we need better technology, carbon sequestration and, yes, we do need tax incentives for wind and solar, there is no question about that.  But raising taxes on the oil and gas industry is not the answer. My State of Michigan in answer to our budget woes, in fact, did raise taxes. And a couple of things are happening: people are leaving and so are businesses.  Many of us in this body have been complaining for years that we didn't have new refineries being built and established in this country. We passed the 2005 act and we have seen some changes. What's going to happen if we take those incentives away? We are not going to see new refinery capability again come back to this country.  We need to have incentives in place to help our oil and gas industry. And to take those incentives away, well, they are going to leave. Frankly, I view that as a national security issue.  Countries overseas would love this bill to pass. Countries like India, they can hardly wait for us to raise taxes here so that they will have a better advantage as they build new refineries to send their refined oil to this country.  In fact, right now, 10 percent of the gasoline that comes to this country comes from refineries overseas. That wasn't always the case, but it is today.  So what's going to happen if we raise the taxes? Two things: number one, we will have further incentives to have those companies leave and costs are going to be passed on to the consumer. With gas prices, at least in my district, already averaging about $3.30 a gallon and reports that they are going to go to $4, what's going to happen then? Those costs are going to be passed along. Does anyone really think that this is going to help?  Now most of our renewable sources, wind, hydro, solar, those facilities are, frankly, where there are not often a lot of energy needs. They are not in our big cities. They are not in our suburbs.  I don't know if you can remember, but this last summer, we had a vote that, in fact, was somewhat regional in nature, but it took away, it took a stand on a new transmission line that impacted folks here in the Northeast. I viewed it as a test vote as to whether additional renewables, services, that we do want, would we have the transmission line to actually send that energy to our cities and to our suburbs.  I don't know if you saw yesterday's USA Today, but ``Lines Lacking to Transmit Wind Energy,'' we don't have the sources in it. It takes 5 to 10 years to build these transmission lines, and yet it only takes about 18 months to build the wind and other different devices that we have. But if you don't have the transmission, we can't get that energy to our folks that need it the best.  I'll bet that just about all those that voted to deny that transmission line last summer will be voting for this bill. You can't have it both ways. Let's have a serious discussion that's bipartisan to address the country's energy needs.  