Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5613 the Protecting the Medicaid Safety Net Act, and urge my colleagues to join me in voting for it.  Last week, my colleagues and I on the Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously approved H.R. 5613, the Protecting the Medicaid Safety Net Act. This bill places moratoria on seven regulations issued by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS. If allowed to go into effect as currently written, these regulations would seriously erode federal funding to the states for a range of Medicaid services, including rehabilitation and medical services for schoolchildren with disabilities, and would totally eliminate federal Medicaid matching funds for Graduate Medical Education at a time when my state is already in the grip of a growing physician shortage.  I am particularly concerned about the detrimental effect that these regulations would have on students and schools in my district and districts across the country. Under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, schools are required to provide medical and rehabilitation services that are necessary for children to enter and continue to attend school. If federal matching funds are reduced or eliminated, our schools will still be required pay for these services, meaning other vital services and programs would have to be significantly cut back or eliminated.  Another major concern of mine is the extent to which these regulations would reduce or eliminate federal matching payments for many of our community hospitals, seriously undermining access to care for poor and disabled women, children, and persons with disabilities. Our hospitals are already struggling under low Medicaid reimbursement rates and higher rates of uncompensated care as my State's economy has worsened. Like schools, hospitals are under a federal mandate--this one to examine and stabilize every patient who walks through their emergency room doors. These regulations could significantly increase hospitals' burden of uncompensated care.  I am also concerned about provisions in several of the regulations that could well undo the progress we have made over many years in enabling persons with mental and physicaldisabilities to live independently and participate as fully as they are able in the workforce and the life of their communities rather than being confined to institutional settings.  Because of all these factors, I again encourage my colleagues to join me in voting for this bill.  