It struck me there is something quite a bit different between a privatesale and a sale through a gun show. Again, not the law but the logic. Most private sales involve people who know each other. In fact, for a home sale you invite the person into the home to offer them the sale of a weapon. It is quite different from a gun show, as the picture indicated. These are huge events. These are supermarkets for firearms. No individual has the knowledge of the perhaps hundreds or even thousands of people who might come up to them and offer to purchase a weapon. In that case, the very particular specialized case of a gun show, the need for a background check seems obvious. That is why we insist that Federal licensed firearms dealers conduct such a check.  To argue that this is some aberration, that this gun show loophole amendment we are proposing somehow turns the law on its head, is completely wrong. Again, here is a situation where these unlicensed sellers have very little, if any, knowledge of the thousands of people who come up to them, which of those people is a terrorist or a criminal seeking to exploit the gun law. That is what has happened. These individuals I referred to have been captured and prosecuted. But there are, I am sure, many others who avoid capture and prosecution.  There are those today in this situation. Anyone could. Anyone listening today--I hope they don't take this as direction or guidance--but understanding that, they could walk up to an unlicensed dealer, find an unlicensed dealer and ask to purchase a weapon and do that.  Again, the cases seem compelling. Nigel Bostic and two accomplices were arrested for buying 239 firearms at 11 Ohio gun shows. Here is a team of people systematically using gun shows to acquire 239 weapons which they then sold to criminals in Buffalo, NY. One was recovered in a homicide. I don't know how many others were involved. That is just one example, and there are more examples than this.  It seems to me this makes obvious sense that we cannot have a situation where there are two standards, for a licensed dealer and for an unlicensed dealer at the same place, in a public setting, in a place that is advertising the sale of guns. This is not a situation where you are at home or you have a weapon in your garage that you would like to sell to someone who came by. You have a friend. You were talking at the local doughnut shop and discovered that you and your friend have an interest in common, firearms, and you decide: Come back to my place; I'll show you a weapon.  That is not a gun show, and our amendment does not reach those activities.  It is clear, it is logical, it is consistent, it is fair, and it sets a common standard.  This amendment will not disrupt gun shows. California has a statute that not only requires background checks at all sales but a 10-day waiting period for gun shows, and they still have gun shows. In fact, I am told their gun shows are quite popular and quite successful. This amendment is about common sense. It is about dealing with problems which we know exist--Columbine showed us that--and the arrest of criminals who are engaged in conspiracies to exploit the gun show loophole. We have evidence of terrorists--real terrorists--who are aware of this who have tried to use it.  I don't think we can be so sanguine as to say we know how terrorists will attack us, that they will always choose an airline or they will always choose explosives. They will choose the way that is most disruptive to our life and which will cause the most damage. That could involve in some way, shape, or form exploiting the gun show loophole.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  I yield the floor, retaining the remainder of my time.  