President, I recognize there are different legal interpretations. I recognize also the Senator from Idaho has introduced an interpretation of the Congressional Research Service. I have one, too. Theirs is dated November 3, 2003. Mine is dated October 20, 2003. We made a request. They looked at the amendment, the perfecting amendment offered by Senators Craig, Daschle, and Baucus. In the context of that correcting amendment, they opined in October:       Again, you have specifically inquired as to whether the      Amendment would alter the bill to such a degree as to allow      the pursuit of a civil action against the gun dealer from      whom the weapon used in the D.C.-area sniper shootings was      stolen. A review of federal and Washington State law      indicates that there are no statutory requirements regarding      the storage and security of firearms by licensed firearm      dealers. Accordingly, it seems evident that there would be no      basis for the application for this exception in the case at      hand, irrespective of the presence of the ``knowing and      willfully'' requirement, given that there appears to be no      violation of a relevant underlying federal or state statute.  That is an October CRS.  Obviously a second opinion was sought. That is the nature of legal opinions many times. This opinion was premised on certain facts that are not yet obvious and perhaps never to be obvious.  In fact, in reference in the report Senator Craig referred to:       Thus, in the event that it is established that Bull's Eye      was aware that the firearm was missing from its inventory      more than 48 hours prior to November 5, 2002, the Amendment      would appear to lend further support to the application of      the exception to immunity . . . of the bill.  Essentially what was done in this latest CRS was to say: We will assume hypothetically that in fact they violated the Federal statute, i.e., the requirement to report a weapon within 48 hours of its disappearance. Well, if you assume a violation of the statute, you have gotten way over the curve, because once again, Federal statute or State statute has to be violated, proximate cause.  The problem is this assumption does not have much of an evidentiary base. The footnote to the report Senator Craig referred to suggests:       These examples are pertinent to the extent--examples of potential violations--     they could be implicated in any hypothetical sale or transfer      to the D.C.-area sniper suspects. It should be noted,      however, that it does not appear that any evidence has been      produced of actual violations of these provisions by Bull's      Eye in the case at hand.  The answer to qualifying this exemption is not to assume a violation of Federal law. There has to be some evidence. But there does not appear to be any evidence of violations of Federal statutes. There are no Federal/State statutes with respect to security of firearms, the physical security. The slender reed--no pun intended--they might hang it upon is they somehow knew the weapon was missing a long time before November 5, 2002, and they failed to report it. No evidence from Malvo suggests that. I don't know if there is, frankly. The stories we have all heard from the operator were he didn't know the weapons were missing until the day they showed up, the ATF showed up and said the weapons were missing. The practical effect of this is a judge might have the opportunity for a few minutes to look at this record, but where is the evidence?  The practical effect of this legislation is these claims will be barred. That would be a great misfortune, not only for the families involved but a misfortune in terms of setting up a very bad precedent in terms of undermining the common law sense of responsibility for your actions. Senator Craig is a very articulate advocate for his position and has referred to that several times; this is just about maintaining centuries of legal precedent about individual responsibility. I disagree. I think it is about overturning centuries of legal precedent, the precedent that an individual is responsiblefor their actions, that an individual, such as the licensee at Bull's Eye, is responsible for not securing the weapons, is responsible for not knowing he has lost weapons--according to his view at this point--for days and weeks and weeks. If we immunize the individual, we will undercut that basic principle of individual responsibility.  One of the things I find amazing in this whole discussion of the security of weapons is, I commanded a paratrooper company at Fort Bragg. I worried every day about the weapons in my outfit. We had double locks on the doors, locks on the racks, individual accounting every day of weapons. One of the things that as a young airborne captain you are worried about was showing up one day and discovering a weapon or part of a weapon or even equipment associated with a weapon was missing. That was a big deal. That is a standard of the United States Army.  We are telling people who maintain large arsenals in commercial venues that the standard for them is nothing. Miss a few weapons, don't even pay attention because, frankly, knowledge will hurt you.  This goes also to the principle of why we have laws of negligence, tort laws. It is not just for individual compensation. That is an important part of giving an individual the right to make themselves whole after they have been harmed. It is something else. It is about having a system of standards that are self-enforcing, not because there are ATF agents walking around, but because in addition to that, an owner of one of these stores will simply say: You know, I better make sure all these weapons are accounted for at least every week. I better make sure they are secure. I better make sure if people walk in who might not be eligible to purchase a weapon I at least ask them what they are doing. None of that appears to be done.  In response to the specific question of the application of the exemption, I think the proponents have tried all they can to dress it up. It just doesn't work. There is a huge trapdoor when you put together violation of State or Federal statute and that violation causes proximate cause.  Someone could go in and show they didn't file the records properly. That is a violation of Federal and State regulation. They could show perhaps they were lax in some other capacity. Then you have to make the further showing that violation was directly connected. So literally in this case you are going to have to show that particular weapon that found its way into Malvo's hands was the subject or involved with a specific violation of Federal/State law. That is why this CRS report has to assume that particular weapon, of all the 248, was noted as missing more than 48 hours before November 5, 2002. That is an extra burden of proof. That is, again, why I don't think this will work for the victims of these crimes.  I yield the floor.  