 We are all in agreement that there is tremendous stress on our Army. Let me suggest this chart shows the deployments in Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom projected not just over the next several months but actually into 2007. The dark green demonstrates the actual planned deployment today, the projection of February 2004. On July 19, 2003, last year, these are the force projected, brigades equivalents.  It was projected for July of 2004 we would be roughly at about 8 brigade equivalents. Today in Iraq and Afghanistan there are 18 brigades, more than twice as many soldiers, or about 130,000-plus soldiers in these two operations.  This is not just a spike. This is, as you can see on the chart, a plateau. We are expected, under the projections today, to have 17 brigades all the way out to the end of 2005, the beginning of January of 2006. They come down a little bit if things stabilize a bit in March of 2006, to around 13 or 14 brigades.  This is a long way out to project. So far, if we look at the projections, we have ended up with more troops needed than what we thought we could entertain.  My point is that this is not a temporary spike in requirements for soldiers in the U.S. Army. This stretches out to 2007, 3 years from now. It is entirely appropriate we put this number into the Defense bill, that we do not simply give some emergency powers to the Secretary of Defense.  The challenge we have going forward--we have met the challenge this year by tapping into that emergency fund, but the challenge going forward is giving the Army the resources in succeeding budgets in their own bottom line so they can continue to field these forces. That is what we are projecting today. It is not as if in 6 months we will be fine, Iraq will be resolved, Afghanistan will be resolved, we will be back to a low level of participation.  Our planners' best thoughts today are for 17 brigades for a long time. So that is what is at the heart of the amendment I have proposed, along with Senator McCain, Senator Hagel, Senator Corzine, Senator Akaka, and Senator Biden. I believe we are taking a very important step by putting the end strength number in our authorization bill, not as an emergency but as a reality, as a near- and medium-term reality. That is what this chart says. Three years from now we are going to have to still find troops to put in about 14 or 15 brigades in these 2 operations.  But the issue that is still outstanding--not this year because we have bridged it with the emergency funding--is, how do we build up the resources within the Army budget to carry these soldiers forward 2 and 3 years hence? We will be working on that, obviously, over the next few weeks into conference and beyond.  I know there are other colleagues--Senator McCain, Senator Hagel, and others--who might want to talk. We have made arrangements prior to the vote for 10 minutes, which I would gladly offer to them for their comments.  Mr. President, may I inquire how much time I have?  