President, I was very interested in hearing about the letter from Mr. Christie. I have not seen it. I am getting a copy of it.  But as I heard my colleague from Colorado, Mr. Christie seems to be saying that this system is not ready for operational testing yet, that it was premature to operationally test it. But it is ready for deployment in September? I think the notion of deployment is this thing is ready to operate; certainly it is at least ready to begin the threshold operation for testing. So I can't think of anything else that more strongly emphasizes the need for operational testing.  We have all heard the terminology, evolutionary spiral development, new techniques, et cetera, but the basic question here is: Does it work? No evolutionary spiral jargon avoids that question. Related to the question, does it work, is: What can it do? What do we expect this system to do? And then, of course, you validate that by testing under realistic conditions.  None of this is taking place. None of this is planned. I believe my colleagues when they say they want to see this operational testing. But there is no plan to operationally test now.  I find interesting the notion that Mr. Christie says it is premature to test, yet in the amendment to my amendment offered by Senator Warner there is a specific deadline of October 1, 2005, that a test will be completed.  My amendment doesn't do that because I do recognize the fact that these are very difficult technological issues, that there is great concern about getting the system up and running. There are multiple pieces from space-based radar to ships at sea to land-based radar to booster rockets and kill vehicles. Yet interestingly enough, the Warner amendment would lock in a date of October 1, 2005, to test the ballistic missile system. Yet Mr. Christie is talking about it is too premature, et cetera.  I think the approach I have taken is simply saying at some time in the future we need operational testing. Please lay out a plan--a plan, of course, can be modified--and before these new steps in the process are put into effect, let's have the operational testing. I think it makes a great deal more sense.  Also, there is a question about limiting developmental testing and operational testing by saying, when you do operational testing, you can't do developmental testing. Actually both can be conducted in virtually the same test. I think one of the major differences between developmental testing and operational testing is that developmental testing is designed by the proponent agency and the contractors and they are supervised by the proponent agencies and contractors. Operational testing is designed by Dr. Christie's office, the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation, and supervised and conducted by those individuals from that particular office. It is quite appropriate. It is done frequently.  The Patriot was an example of a system that had both operational and developmental testing taking place. Indeed, the Patriot is another good example of the need for operational testing.  The upgrade PAC-3 missile defense system had a very good record when it was in its developmental phase. It was just doing extremely well. Then they started the operational combat, realistic test phase, and the Patriot PAC-3 failed each of these operational tests. It had four consecutive operational test failures. What did that suggest to you about this system? This system might pass all these tests, as some have argued watered down as they are, but it could pass all of them. Well, the PAC-3 system passed all the development tests and then had four consecutive failures in a row in an operational test.  If we have four consecutive failures in a real operational test of this system, I think the American people will be quite shocked, given the fact we are not planning any operational test, yet we are deploying the system.  Luckily, with the PAC-3, there was time to fix the problem.  These operational tests were not only conducted, but the problems were fixed. In Operation Iraqi Freedom, the system was deployed. It worked very well when it engaged missiles. But again, there are still some difficulties. At least one friendly aircraft was engaged and destroyed by a PAC-3 system. Two were destroyed, suggesting that all the problems with the system in terms of target identification, in terms of proper response and enemy versus friendly targets in the air have not been fully resolved. It is a complex system. This system is much more complex and complicated. But the PAC-3 is a very good example of what we should be doing here--that is, operational testing, learning from those tests, fix the system, and keep doing it continuously.  Again, I think it is an interesting notion about this spiral development and everything else. There has to be consistent, constant testing because that is how you learn so you can make the changes. Yet, again, we don't have an operational test planned for this particular system. I believe we have to have something like that. Again, the national missile system is very complex. We have to have this system.  Part of the Warner amendment to my amendment takes out the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation and lets the Secretary of Defense prescribe the criteria. Let me suggest that in the last several years, Dr. Christie has been advising and consulting. But nothing has happened in terms of operational testing. Each year, he reports to his superiors and to the public at large. In each one of those reports, he calls for more realistic testing. Apparently he is consulting and is not particularly effective. But that is exactly what the Warner amendment to my amendment would do--simply make him a consultant.  The reality is, as a consultant, his voice would be no more prominent than it is today. We don't have an operational testing plan. We have not conducted operational testing yet, and yet we are deploying the system. It seems to me that the Warner amendment waters down further the operational testing. He calls it operational testing, but then it takes out the operational testing, giving it to the Secretary of Defense.  We have seen that this Secretary of Defense is committed to getting this program into the ground by September of this year regardless. That doesn't give me and I don't think it should give the public the confidence that a rigorous realistic testing scheme will be developed. But then the amendment goes on to say within a year we are going to have that, we are going to mandate the test. It seems to be slightly schizophrenic. We don't want the normal procedures, we don't want the Director of Test and Evaluation to be doing it, we want the Secretary of Defense to do it, but he is going to do it by October 1 of 2005.  Again, I don't think the amendment really responds to the problem and the issue. The issue and the problem is developing, as we have done for every other system. PAC-3 is an excellent example of operational testing and planning, and then ensuring that the operational tests take place--not just calling for operational tests but having the independent operational testing agency within the Pentagon designing and conducting the test. That is what my amendment does. It doesn't call for any specific deadline. If the conclusion of Mr. Christie were to be that it couldn't be feasible for 18 months or 2 years, at least we have gotten an operational test plan, and we will conduct the test. That, to me, would be a vast improvement over the current situation.  I hope my colleagues will not favorably respond to Senator Warner's amendment and give me a chance to have this amendment agreed to.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  