They are doing it magnificently, performing with great skill and professionalism.  We have 126,000 soldiers in Iraq; we have 13,000 soldiers in Afghanistan; we have soldiers still in the Balkans, 2,500; we have forces in Kuwait, about 17,000; we still have our mission in the Sinai; we have 1,700 soldiers in Guantanamo maintaining the detention facilities there; we have 16,000 soldiers, Noble Eagle, which is the heart of our defense of our homeland; we have soldiers in the Philippines; 31,600 soldiers in South Korea. We have them all over the world doing an extraordinary task and job for our company. Frankly, they need more help and that is the heart of the Reed amendment.  In addition to that, we have seen troubling signs that this operational tempo is putting great stress and duress on our soldiers. Recently, there was a stop-loss order announced by the G-1 of the U.S. Army that said essentially any soldier who is scheduled to depart within 90 days for deployment cannot leave the service, even if that soldier's time in service has expired. Essentially what they have said is: You can't get out of the service. The Volunteer Army is no longer completely volunteer. That is just one example.  We are withdrawing troops from Korea at a time when there is a huge crisis on the peninsula. The North Koreans indicated they have plutonium; they are intending to process it. They may have already constructed eight nuclear devices. We don't know for sure. Yet at this time when we need maximum military force to complement our diplomacy, we are withdrawing troops, which is perhaps sending a signal to the North Koreans that they can wait us out or that we are not able or ready to match our diplomacy appropriately with military force.  That is another prime example, I believe. In fact, frankly, I think that if North Korea 2 or 3 years ago brazenly declared they had nuclear weapons, our response would not have been to withdraw troops. The calls in this Chamber would have been for more troops in Korea. But now because of Iraq that is difficult; we are pulling them out to send them to Iraq.  Then we have a situation in our training centers, the infrastructure of the Army. This is one of the major reasons why we have such extraordinarily skilled soldiers.  First, they are men and women of courage and character, but second they received the greatest, most realistic training in the world. They are individuals who can and will do any job, but they do that so well because they are the best trained.  We are taking soldiers from our training centers--those trainers who are preparing the troops to go overseas--and we are deploying them.  As a result, these are indications that we have a military force which is significantly stretched. That is why it is so important to raise the number of troops that we have entering the Army.  Today, the Army has 495,374 soldiers serving on active duty. The end strength has to increase. The Reed amendment increases it by 20,000 troops.  There are those who have predicted we would get in this predicament. General Shalikashvili's predictions and other predictions are coming true. Our responsibility is now to give the military, particularly the Army, sufficient resources and sufficient personnel to do the job which we are asking them to do.  Last December, in 2003, the Army's Strategic Studies Institute published a report which stated that the ground force requirements in Iraq have forced the U.S. Army to the breaking point.  We have to prevent that breaking point from being reached, and that means putting more troops into the force structure.  Last year, during the appropriations debate, Senator Hagel and I sponsored an amendment that would have raised the end strength by 10,000 in the supplemental appropriations. It passed the Senate. I thank my colleagues on both sides who were very supportive of that. But, unfortunately, at that point the administration thought it was unnecessary and they were able to successfully defeat that proposal in conference. At least now they recognize the need for additional troops. But what they are still adhering to is this notion that the emergency is temporary.  I hope by putting the actual number of the end strength increase in this bill we are sending a signal to everyone that we will, in fact, stay the course--not just rhetorically but with actual resources and actual troops.  Senator Warner explained the funding mechanism was one where some of us would have preferred, frankly, if we could have, to increase just the bottom line of the Army. But given these other demands on resources and this authorization bill, it was his suggestion that we, once again, use emergency funding to fund this now authorized end strength. That gets us through this year. But the concern I have and the concern others have is that we will reach a point within a year or two where the Army is going to have these troops in uniform but their baseline is not going to be sufficient if a supplemental or emergency funding is not made readily available. That is a real crisis and we have to start thinking about that now.  Senator Levin has been very thoughtful on this topic. He has language in the bill that says any increases in the next fiscal year of the end strength have to be budgeted through regular budget processes. Again, I hope that takes place. But that means giving more resources to our Army, and we will work--I think I can speak for Senator Warner--to make sure the Army has those resources.  I am very pleased we are able to make this adjustment--overdue adjustment--in the end strength of the U.S. Army.  I retain the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  