It is their job. They do it very well. They know about the damage to communities when guns fall into the hands of those who misuse them. They see it up close and personal.  Earlier this year, we were in a situation where previous to this bill there was an effort to destroy gun records, another effort launched on behalf of the gun lobby. These records are maintained for a few days, but they wanted to eliminate these records within 24 hours. Los Angeles Chief of Police William Bratton said: I just can't understand how Members of Congress can even consider this. Obviously, they haven't shown up to the scene of enough officer shootings.  This legislation is in a similar vein. It is not about destroying records of gun purchases. It is destroying the right of an individual to say: I have been harmed. I need redress.  Again, if you talk to the law enforcement community, they are opposed to this legislation. It is a free ride for the dealers, for the manufacturers, and for others.  In this discussion, we have heard a great deal about Bull's Eye Shooters Supply. There is some suggestion that we fixed that problem. They have closed it and everyone is being punished.  Here are the facts: Bull's Eye Shooters Supply is still open for business. The alcohol, tobacco, and firearms agency revoked the license of Bull's Eye prior owner, Mr. Brian Borgelt. Mr. Borgelt's friend, Kris Kindschuh, then took over operation of the store.  Mr. Borgelt is appealing his license revocation to the Federal district court, and that case is pending. Let me stop for a moment. This is an individual who allegedly was so negligent that he could not account for 238 weapons, a litany of problems in terms of following the law. His license is being revoked, but he has a right--and he should have the right--to go into court and say this revocation is not based upon the law or the facts.  The irony here, of course, is we are telling victims--perhaps his victims--that they do not have a right to go into court to seek redress. This, again, not only is unfortunate, it just defies a rough sense of justice and fairness.  I think Mr. Borgelt should have every opportunity to appeal this revocation to prevent an arbitration action by the Government, but don't the victims of gun violence have a right to claim they have lost a great deal and they need redress in the courts? We will protect his rights, as we should, but we are undermining the rights of so many others.  As far as we know, the ATF, the Department of Justice have not filed any criminal charges against Borgelt. So the idea that this situation has been resolved, that this is fine, justice has been done, frankly, is not the case at all.  Indeed, what I am told is Mr. Borgelt runs the shooting range upstairs above Bull's Eye Shooter Supply. The shooting range is not regulated. So for all intents and purposes, particularly if you are a victim of the sniper shootings in Washington, DC, it does not look as if much has changed out there at Bull's Eye Shooter Supply.  If the ATF had recommended to the Department of Justice that they file charges, it has been almost a year. I would hope the Department of Justice, in a case such as this, could move more promptly. But we have a situation, frankly, that even if the Justice Department acted, it still would not compensate and make whole the victims of this series of crimes in Washington.  Let me focus for a minute on some of the facts we know about Bull's Eye Shooter Supply because one of the key issues here is whether or not the Washington sniper victims will be able to go into court if this legislation passes.  Here are some of the things that have been established so far about this dealer in Washington State.  There are a large number of missing guns. Bull's Eye could not account for 238 guns that were missing from its inventory when the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives inspected the gun dealer in 2000 and 2002. Bull's Eye's missing gun rate was greater than at least 99.73 percent of all Federal firearms licensees.  There was no accounting for 238 weapons. A large number of guns from Bull's Eye appeared in crimes. Between 1997 and 2001, Bulls' Eye guns were involved in at least 52 crimes, including homicides, kidnappings, and assaults, placing Bull's Eye in the top 1 percent of all dealers nationwide in the supply of guns used in crimes. This appears to be a pretty good source of weapons for crime.  In addition, the time-to-crime ratio was less than 3 years for more than 70 percent of Bull's Eye guns that were used in crimes from 1997 to 2001. Quick time-to-crime--the time the gun leaves the store and shows up at a crime--suggests this store may be a highway for guns into the criminal system. And they have a high rate.  There were a large number of multiple firearm sales. Between 1997 and 2000, Bull's Eye sold 663 guns to 265 individual buyers, as many as 10 guns at a time. This is not the record of a scrupulous, sincere dealer who is looking to enforce the standards of the industry.  Then, of course, there were numerous ATF citations. ATF cited Bull's Eye for violations at least 15 times between 1997 and 2001 and, following the sniper attacks, revoked the license of Bull's Eye's former owner.  Bull's Eye was cited 15 times between 1997 and 2001. That is not an inspiring record of scrupulous enforcement of the laws of the country.  Yet what we are saying in this legislation is: Go ahead, you are fine; you might have your license revoked, but then you are upstairs in the shooting gallery. Or you might not. Maybe the Government will make an error. Maybe procedurally they have done something inappropriate, but certainly you are not going to be able to face justice in the sense of facing the victims of this negligence.  There is something else this record says. It begs the question, What about the manufacturer? Why did Bushmaster Firearms, the manufacturer of the sniper weapon used by the Washington area snipers, tolerate this? Don't they have an obligation to ensure that the dealers they entrust with their weapons are not violating ATF regulations--cited 15 times--that they are not selling multiple guns to individuals, sometimes 10 at a time? Apparently not. After this legislation passes, they won't have to worry at all.  Many people ask, Why would a manufacturer be involved in this issue? Why should we be able to sue a manufacturer? If a manufacturer, such as Bushmaster, not only keeps supplying weapons to dealers such as this, but then turns a blind eye to all this evidence, it suggests to me they are not conforming to a reasonable standard of commercial conduct. You would not exempt an automobile manufacturerfrom potential liability if it was shown that they repeatedly sold cars to dealers that violated ATF--it would not be ATF regulations, but consistently violated regulations, that persistently allowed underage sales, for example, even though you could make the argument that as long as the 15-year-old does not drive the car, it is a legal sale. But I think they would be suspicious at least to what was happening.  As a result, there is not only a strong case but there is a necessary case that manufacturers have to be subject to a standard of care also. This legislation would strip that away.  My colleague from Idaho and my colleagues on this side who support this bill say: Listen, this is narrowly crafted; this is not going to throw any suits out of the courts. You cannot have it both ways. You cannot be claiming, on one hand, that we are protecting this industry from lawsuit and then, on the other hand, say everyone can still go to court after this legislation because they all qualify for the exemptions. It is nonsense. These exemptions have been made so they do not exempt very much, if anything at all.  There is an analysis--and I made reference to it in my discussion surrounding Bull's Eye Shooter Supply--by the law firm of Boies, Schiller & Flexner. I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of my remarks this analysis be printed in the Record.  