President, let me first indicate that this legislation already includes an amendment by Senator Boxer on child safety locks, so the bill is not clean.  The question today is, Will we add additional sensible gun safety measures? One of them is the assault weapons ban. That is something that is entirely appropriate, one that has been supported by vast numbers of the American public, that we should continue.  The idea we are suddenly going to open up, once again, access to assault weapons across this country is difficult to bear, particularly by police officers. That is why they are so committed to this extension of the assault weapons ban because they are the individuals who have to face these weapons on the street.  There is another amendment which I cosponsored with Senator McCain that will close the gun show loophole. Senator McCain pointed out quite clearly the terrorists who have already been identified as exploiting this loophole or attempting to exploit it. Indeed, I suspect there are others because the nature of terrorists is that they do not go around advertising themselves too much. The loophole is there. They know it is there. They will exploit it to our detriment. It is our responsibility to do everything we can to prohibit, preempt terrorists from attacking us within the United States.  My colleague from Idaho conjured up this fear that this legislation is creeping gun control; this amendment will interfere with private sales. That is why the McCain-Reed amendment clearly specified that it does not apply to the sale, exchange, or transfer by an individual from the personal collection of that individual at the private residence of that individual. That is a private transaction unaffected by this legislation.  We know this loophole is being exploited. We know guns are going into the hands of criminal elements, perhaps terrorist elements, through the gun show, and we also know it makes no sense to anyone--forget legislative, forget advocates, the common person--to walk into a gun show and understand some people have to do background checks and others do not because those weapons are equally dangerous. The potential customers of these shows could be terrorists, could be criminals. We have to be responsible and reasonable. That is exactly what this amendment does.  This amendment does not create any new Federal bureaucracy. It does not require a gun show operator to report vendors to the Attorney General. It does not require that the Attorney General approve a gun show. It places no administrative burden practically at all on an unlicensed vendor.  Just remember, 5 years ago, two young men went into a high school and killed 13 people because they were able to exploit the gun show loophole.  