President, I yield myself such time as I may consume from my time.  I rise to support the McCain-Reed amendment and also the Feinstein amendment. I am a cosponsor, obviously, of both amendments.  I wish to talk, for a moment, about the gun show loophole. It is clear and obvious to anyone--at least I believe it is--that we should not have two different standards at a public gun show. We should not have a situation where you can approach one seller who is a licensed firearms dealer and in that transaction have to undergo a background check, and then, 5 feet away, have an unlicensed seller and be able to purchase a weapon without any type of background check.  These are public functions. Thousands of people stream through these gun shows. This is not a private sale where the seller and the buyer know each other, have an association to each other, and essentially do not need any kind of a background check. In order to prevent these gun shows from being exploited by criminals and terrorists, there has to be a common standard. Every transaction should be governed by a background check at a public gun show.  We know these unlicensed dealers and these gun shows have been exploited by criminals. I have mentioned, over the course of the last several days of debate, numerous examples. Let me return to one.  Nigel Bostic and two accomplices were arrested for buying 239 firearms at 11 Ohio gun shows and reselling them to criminals in Buffalo, NY.  It is a very obvious scheme. You go to a place, if you are a felon or a criminal, that requires no background checks, that are publicly advertised, that are easily accessible, you buy the weapons, take them to another State that has very tough laws, and you sell them to criminals.  One of these weapons was recovered in a homicide. It has been reported that Bostic purchased 45 firearms at one of these sales; his accomplices, 85 guns.  These are the examples that will continue to take place unless we close this gun show loophole. Indeed, it is obvious to gun owners it should be closed. More than 80 percent of gun owners surveyed indicated they support closing the gun show loophole. President Bush repeatedly, in the campaign of 2000, said he was for closing the gun show loophole.  The legislation that we present imposes no great burden on any participant at a gun show. Because of the National Instant Check System, 91 percent of these background checks are accomplished in less than 5 minutes; 95 percent are accomplished in less than 2 hours. The remaining checks reveal, in many cases, prohibitive purchases. That is the purpose of the check.  I think we can do something logical that is supported by the broad majority of Americans, including gun owners, by closing this gun show loophole. I hope we can do it today.  But let me, before I conclude, make a general comment on the underlying bill. We have heard the proponents of the bill talk a lot about responsibility, that we have all been taught as children that if we misuse a gun, we should be responsible for that.  Well, the underlying legislation is a license for irresponsibility. The most salient example is Bull's Eye Shooter Supply gun store up in Washington State, the source of the weapons for the snipers who were plaguing this Washington metropolitan area.  There, the individual gun dealer apparently let weapons lay around. He could not account for over 238 weapons. He did not inventory his weapons. That is what I call a misuse of a weapon. People were harmed by that misuse, but we are insulating that individual from any serious liability because there is no Federal law--and my colleagues on the other side are not likely to propose it--for strict control of the security of weapons.  I am amazed about the statistics my colleague from Idaho cited about the military support for no new weapons, et cetera. I tell you what. I served for 12 years in the U.S. Army. If you told an Army officer there was someone with hundreds of weapons, unsecured, lying around, subject to being shoplifted by teenagers, they would be appalled. Because the first thing you learn in the military is that you better secure those weapons, you better lock them up, you better inventory them, and do all the things you have to do, not only to protect yourself but to ensure those weapons do not fall into the wrong hands. This legislation, if passed, will be a license for irresponsible behavior, unconstrained by any civil suit that could not only compensate the victims but suggest a higher level of care. So I hope that not only we support these amendments but look seriously at the underlying bill.  I yield the floor and retain the remainder of my time.  