President, I rise to discuss the nomination of Porter Goss to be Director of Central Intelligence. I served with Porter Goss in the House of Representatives and I respect him. However, I do not believe he is the best choice for the position in these times.  On September 11, 2001, our country suffered a devastating attack. Now our country is in the midst of a war on terror and a war in Iraq. There have been many examinations of our intelligence leading up to September 11, leading up to the war in Iraq, and as we continue to wage the war on terror. There are many unanswered questions about whether the intelligence was accurate, whether it was manipulated, whether our soldiers and leaders can rely on it each and every day as they make difficult decisions.  I recognize that members of the President's Cabinet, like the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State, must weigh political considerations as they develop policy. However, the Director of Central Intelligence is a unique position. It should stand above politics. The citizens of the United States have the right to assume that the Director of Central Intelligence is providing objective information and analysis to allow the President to make the best possible decisions.  When Director Tenet resigned, the President had an opportunity to appoint a nominee who was nonpartisan, nonpolitical. He did not do so. Instead he chose Mr. Goss, who clearly knows the intelligence community well, but is also clearly partisan and political.  The CIA is in turmoil. The hardworking men and women of the Agency need a strong leader who will reform the system to make sure that the information they offer is used in a proper and timely fashion. The people of this country need to know that the U.S. intelligence community is doing its best to protect and serve U.S. national interests.  I do not believe that Mr. Goss is the best candidate to lead the intelligence community through a difficult task of reform and restoring confidence in the midst of a war.  It is important that our intelligence not be partisan, yet Mr. Goss has been partisan in his comments over the past year. He has been fiercely critical of former President Clinton, our colleague Senator Kerry, and the Democratic Party. His comments do not lead me to believe that he will now abandon his partisanship or his political approach as the Director of CIA.  No greater task lies before us today than to reform the intelligence community so that it is effective as the leading weapon in the war on terrorism. Mr. Goss certainly knows the CIA and the intelligence community, but in these times, experience is simply not enough. A leader committed to reform without regard to politics is also critical. Those attributes, I fear, Mr. Goss does not have, and therefore I oppose his nomination.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I rise to express my support for the swift confirmation of Congressman Porter Goss as Director of Central Intelligence. I have been privileged to know Mr. Goss for a number of years, and I can attest that he is a leader, a man of personal intelligence and integrity, and a true patriot. He is also extremely well qualified for the position to which he has been nominated.  I do not believe I am divulging any state secrets when I mention that Porter Goss knows the intelligence community from the ground up--beginning with his service as a young case officer and most recently as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. His 10-year career with the Central Intelligence Agency gave him a thorough understanding of how that large organization operates--invaluable background as the Congress and the executive branch proceed with various plans for reorganizing the intelligence community. His experience on the CIA staff, combined with his oversight responsibilities in the House, makes him perhaps uniquely qualified to understand the challenges and opportunities facing the community today. Congressman Goss has demonstrated time and again his commitment to the needs and goals of the intelligence community in its service to our Nation and the American people. He is not merely qualified. He was meant for this position.  When he takes up his duties, he will do so at a time of great change in the intelligence community. Reeling from the intelligence failures of 9/11 andIraq, and faced with comprehensive reorganization, the community's leadership has rarely been so important. I am confident that Mr. Goss will lead the CIA in an independent and nonpolitical manner as he has committed to do, ensuring that policymakers receive the best intelligence and analysis that our government can provide. I am also confident that he will be helpful as the Congress reorganizes itself in order to better conduct oversight over the intelligence community. We in the Congress sometimes forget that intelligence failures the Nation has experienced are not limited to the agencies alone. Congressional oversight has been, as the9/11 Commission put it, ``dysfunctional,'' and must be changed.  As we face the national security challenges that are so evident to all of us, the Nation will be privileged to have Porter Goss at the helm of the CIA. America needs an individual who will help lead our intelligence agencies into a new era. I wholeheartedly support his confirmation.  