President, let me make two or three quick points and then yield to Senator Lautenberg and then to Senator Corzine.  First, a neutral assessment of this legislation suggests strongly that it is not just frivolous lawsuits that are going to be barred by this legislation; there are going to be many meritorious lawsuits. We already know about these suits. We know about Officer McGuire; we know about the victims of the Washington snipers. Those individuals will be barred from courts. Those are not frivolous suits.  Again, there has been discussion about junk cases. I believe there will be a lot of junk guns on the streets because essentially what this legislation does is this. When a Federal firearms dealer gets his license, he also gets a license to be negligent. He can follow the rules but he can be negligent. There is no Federal legislation or State legislation, in many cases, that requires the storage at a facility of weapons, so you can leave them lying around. That is what they apparently did at Bull's Eye.  That is negligence, and that negligence harmed several individuals. And this particular law, if adopted, will prevent people from exercising their rights for compensation based upon that activity.  All this discussion leads to the inescapable belief on my part that the proponents want it both ways. They stand here and decry the attack on the industry, the gun industry besieged by lawsuits, and then turn and say: Of course, Officer Lemongello will get to court and Officer McGuire will get to court and the sniper victims will get to court. They cannot have it both ways.  The law is not impartial. The law is what we make it. We are making a law today that favors, in an unprecedented fashion, the gun industry, gun dealers, and the National Rifle Association. That is our making. It is not some cosmic event taking place and suddenly we have the law. We are telling them, be negligent, be irresponsible, be reckless, do not worry about it, we have taken care of you.  What do we say to the victims of the crimes? Tough luck. You were in the wrong place, officer. You were in the wrong place, Conrad Johnson, starting your bus up early in the morning. Your family will never get a nickel from the companies or individuals who were negligent.  I yield 3 minutes to the Senator from New Jersey.  