Ninety-one percent of background checks take less than 5 minutes, so 91 percent of the checks involved in the sale under our amendment, by an unlicensed dealer, would be expedited in a matter of minutes--less than 5 minutes. And 95 percent of these checks take less than 2 hours. This is not a burden that is going to undermine the ability of a licensed or unlicensed dealer to operate at a gun show, or for a gun show to operate at all.  The evidence before us suggests that in States which have not only instant checks on all sales but also background checks, and sometimes even waiting periods, gun shows continue to operate. Again, this is not going to cause an undue burden on individuals who want to acquire a weapon.  The other factor I think has to be pointed out again is surveys of gun owners overwhelmingly support the idea of a background check applying to all sales at these shows. In a recent survey, 83 percent of gun owners said it makes sense. Again, the public nature of a gun show--the inability for an individual to screen his customers is quite different than a private sale or a transfer of a weapon between family members, and quite different than the transfer of weapons among people in a hunt club.  That is all protected in our amendment, because there is knowledge who you are dealing with. Here, you could have literally hundreds of thousands of people come to your booth, look at a weapon, and say I would like to buy. If there is no background check, how does that conscientious seller know if he is dealing with a criminal?  That is why I think the overwhelming number of gun owners and attendees at gun shows suggests this amendment would be helpful, not hurtful. And I agree. I urge my colleagues, when we lay the amendment down tomorrow and when we vote, to support this amendment. It provides a commonsense approach to ensuring there is an even and level playing field so everybody who is participating in a gun show on both sides of the transaction knows there will be a background check. I think it is particularly important because we already have evidence of individuals who are criminals who have exploited this loophole, and terrorists--three we know by name--and, frankly, they are not in the business of broadcasting their names. They understood the loophole, sought to exploit it and indeed, in some cases, they were successful--momentarily successful.  We owe it to the safety of the public to ensure this gun show loophole is closed. The McCain-Reed amendment will do that. I urge my colleagues to support it tomorrow.  I yield the floor.  