One is the suggestion that the Federal study of the felons indicates a very low number of people who have used gun shows to get weapons.  I would be very curious to study State prisons because it is in the State prisons you find more people who are convicted of crimes such as homicides and armed robberies and burglaries. Federal laws usually encompass more white-collar criminals, although there are a significant number of criminals in jail under Federal drug trafficking charges.  But I think the studies we have seen suggest, very strongly--and the ATF has suggested very strongly--that gun shows are a source of a significant number of weapons.  I also point out, in response to the Senator from Idaho, the suggestion that this is going to disrupt gun shows, create very difficult matters of interpretation so that individuals will be so confused that gun shows will wither on the vine, I think that could not be further from the truth.  Let me point out that States have already stepped up and passed legislation to close this loophole, to require everyone who is selling weapons at a gun show--regardless of their license status--to involve a background check on a potential purchaser.  In North Carolina, in 2003, there were 76 gun shows. I am told, actually, North Carolina is ahead of the rest of the country in developing their datasystem for instant checks. So there is one example where a State has closed a gun show loophole, but gun shows continue to thrive. In fact, North Carolina has the distinction of having the most gun shows in the year 2003, from our records. I am sorry, Wisconsin had 88. So they eclipsed them. And Florida had 111. But North Carolina is among the top 10, at least.  I think that is an example to demonstrate this will not undermine gun shows. It will not impose undue burdens on individuals, people who wish to sell weapons and people who wish, honestly and legally, to acquire them. So I believe this amendment is compelled by the evidence we have seen.  Now, the Senator from Idaho has indicated the law has worked. It certainly did not work for that police officer in Garland, TX, who was killed by a weapon that apparently flowed through people exploiting the gun show loophole. And it certainly did not work for the 13 children at Columbine High School.  I think we can make it work. I think we can make it work if we adopt the Reed-McCain amendment.  I yield the floor.  