It can't be an effective barrier against litigation to protect the gun industry and yet a way to protect the legitimate rights of citizens who have been harmed by guns.  In fact, it is not both; it is one of them. It is carefully, cleverly worded legislation to immunize the gun industry--dealers, manufacturers, and the National Rifle Association--from any type of liability with respect to guns, virtually.  There are perhaps minor exceptions, but the cases we see before us today--the case of the DC snipers, the case of two police officers in New Jersey--would be barred. These cases have already been filed. In fact, one of the sweeping aspects of this legislation is, it doesn't attempt to set the rules prospectively, to say as we go forward these cases would not be heard by the courts. It literally walks in and tells people who have filed cases, cases that have survived summary judgment motions already by State court judges: You are out of court.  This is sweeping, and it is unprecedented. It deals a serious blow to citizens throughout this country while enhancing dramatically the legal protections for the gun industry.  Consistently the proponents say: You can't hold someone responsible for the criminal actions of another. That is not what these cases are about. These cases suggest, declare, allege that an individual failed in his or her duties, his or her responsibility to do what is necessary, responsibility in the conduct of their activity--in the case of gun dealers, to take sensible, reasonable precautions, the standard of care that a business person would use, the standard of care that any business person must use in the United States.  The allegation is they fail to do that. The evidence is overwhelming there was no standard of adequate care. Here is a gun dealer who could not account for 238 weapons, who claims a teenager--he didn't realize it at the time--must have walked in and shoplifted an automatic weapon, a sniper weapon, and carried it away undetected. In fact, this weapon was missing without his knowledge for weeks and months, undetermined.  Is that the standard of care we would expect a businessperson to exercise, particularly one who deals in products that can kill? I don't think so. That is what this is about. This is not about punishing people for the criminal activity of others. It is about holding individuals up to a standard of conduct we expect from anyone. There are various examples. Some say, my God, if the hardware store sells a knife to somebody and it is used in a crime, they are not responsible. If you have a car dealer who leaves the keys in the cars and has no security, and a teenager takes that car and gets into an accident and harms someone, certainly I think the parents of the individuals harmed or that individual could legitimately go to court and say this dealer didn't meet the rational standard of care of anybody in the automobile industry. They have to secure these cars. You cannot make them available to people and teenagers who might steal them. That is common sense.  That would apply to the automobile dealer, but if this legislation passes, common sense doesn't apply to the gun industry in this country. In fact, this is really a license for irresponsibility we are considering today. As I said before, when they get the Federal firearms license, if this bill passes, you can get another license. You are being irresponsible. That is not to suggest all dealers are irresponsible, but many are.  We talk about junk lawsuits. It is not a junk lawsuit when your husband has been shot while sitting in the bus waiting to go to work. I don't think the Johnson family volunteered to be part of this social experiment. I think any suggestion to that effect is offensive. They have been harmed grievously. A wife has lost her husband; children have lost their father. Their livelihoods are in question. They seek redress, as anyone would. That is not a junk suit. That is someone who says I have been harmed by the negligence of someone and that person should pay.  The suggestion that this suit is in response to some avalanche of lawsuits that is devastating the firearm manufacturers is without any foundation. The industry is so stressed they have raised $100 million to protect themselves, not just legally, but also in terms of controlling the documents and communications between themselves and their attorneys. This is not an industry that seems to be without resources. But I can tell you many of the families of victims of the Washington snipers are looking forward to a lifetime where they might have the resources to send children to college and do the things they would have been able to do if their spouse was still alive. The industry, it has been suggested, is being pushed into bankruptcy because of these frivolous junk lawsuits.  Well, Savage Arms was mentioned. It is a company that was founded in 1894. It has provided firearms for now over a century. It went bankrupt in 1988 because, according to the CEO, RonCoburn: ``We had too many products, each of them in dire need of re-engineering.''  There is no suggestion they were being intimidated by these fancy political science lawsuits. Under the bankruptcy plan, Coburn reduced the product line and fired 400 employees. There has been contraction in this industry, as in every manufacturing industry, but it is not as a result of these suits.  Since that time, Savage has done remarkably well. They have taken the lead in many different aspects. They are a responsible company. They were honored as manufacturer of the year and in many other aspects. It has been suggested this company, in effect, is overwhelmed by these lawsuits. I don't think that is the case. I think they make business judgments as any business--based upon products, demand, and all these things.  We are not facing a situation where we would be without the benefit of gun manufacturers in the United States because of these lawsuits. The suggestion that this somehow would interfere with our national security is outlandish. The suggestion we would then have to turn to foreign suppliers for our military is rather odd. Indeed, today, many of the suppliers for our national defense are the subsidiaries of foreign companies. Browning, Winchester and Fabrique Nationale, which supplies M-16 A-4 assault rifles and the M-2 49G squad automatic weapon, are subsidiaries of Herstal, a Belgium firm. The Pentagon contracted with Heckler and Koch, a German firm, to help develop the next generation of industry weapons.  Clearly, the Pentagon doesn't feel American manufacturers are so distressed that they have to go overseas. They are going overseas because they are looking for superior weapons. They are dealing with American subsidiaries of foreign companies. This is not about preserving the defense and the ability to access weapons. This is about protecting one industry from the legal responsibility to exercise caution any individual must exercise--one industry, when all industries must do that, or indeed the vast majority. This is not about protecting the integrity of the courts. What does it say to the integrity of the courts of West Virginia when a judge already found that a suit involving these two New Jersey police officers should proceed, when we say, no, you are wrong, this case is out the door? This is not about protecting courts. It is about protecting an industry.  We have been asked to look closely at the law. We have to look closely at the law in terms of the cases we know are pending because, frankly, we could hypothesize about cases in the future. This is the law:       A qualified civil liability action may not be brought in      any Federal or State court.  That is not a particularly narrow excerpt. It is not a listing of those exemptions the gun industry made available themselves. This is broad and sweeping, barring the doors of these types of suits. In addition to that--talking about overreaching, dismissal of pending actions--it is rare indeed that this Congress could go in and tell plaintiffs who have a case in progress you are out the door, you cannot proceed. This is extraordinary, to me.       A qualified civil liability action that is pending on the      date of enactment of this act shall be immediately dismissed      by the court.  Not reviewed but dismissed. I think, again, that is extraordinarily broad and sweeping. The real aspect of this legislation goes to the definition on the next chart.       A qualified civil liability action means a civil action      brought by any person against a manufacturer or a seller of a      qualified product or trade association, for damages resulting      from the criminal or unlawful misuse of the qualified product      by the person or a third party, but shall not include--  So it is any action, again not narrowly constrained, carefully worded legislation.  Then there are several exemptions. Let me point out, if this were a narrowly crafted piece of legislation, the exemption I think should apply to the gun industry, not to the litigants. It should be those safe harbors where if they do certain things, they are protected, if they exercise due care. That is the way we want to draft narrowly worded legislation. And this is quite to the contrary.  The burden is now on the individual to show that they qualify to bring their case to court, not on the companies to show that their case is somehow outside the normal range of negligent actions.  The key provision, in terms of the sniper case--and I will talk about the sniper case in a moment--is sections ii and iii. Madam President, ii is ``actions brought against a seller for ``negligent entrustment'' or ``negligence per se.''  Negligent entrustment is a defined term in the legislation. It means:       . . . the supplying of a qualified product by a seller for      use by another person when the seller knows, or should know,      the person to whom the product is supplied to is likely to,      and does, use the product in a manner involving unreasonable      risk of physical injury to the person or others.  The key element is ``know.'' For example, in the sniper case, the dealer claims he did not know that the weapon was missing. It has been acknowledged by the sniper that the weapon was shoplifted. This theory will not provide that case to go forward.  ``Negligence per se,'' again, is an element of knowledge which does not seem to exist within the facts as we know them about the Bull's Eye situation. By the way, it has been abrogated as a theory of law in Washington State which would be an appropriate forum for the trial, or at least for consideration. That doesn't work.  The next section is actions in which a manufacturer or seller of a qualified product who violated a State or Federal statute and, quite importantly, that violation was a proximate cause of the harm.  In the case of the sniper shootings, literally it would have to be shown that the individual gun dealer at Bull's Eye knew the particular weapon was missing more than 48 hours before he was confronted by the ATF and that he failed to report it and, as a result, the sniper using that weapon inflicted the harm. But, of course, the facts suggest otherwise. The weapon was shoplifted. The individual claimed he did not know it was missing at all.  All of these carefully worded exceptions do not provide relief for individual plaintiffs. They do not provide it for the plaintiffs in the case of the snipers. They do not provide relief in the case of the two police officers in New Jersey. Yesterday, we had an opportunity to correct that, just a small correction that would allow for these situations, and we failed to do that.  This legislation is designed with one purpose: to immunize the gun industry. I think it is unfortunate, it is unprecedented, and it leads to the conclusion that we are essentially encouraging the kind of reckless behavior, the kind of irresponsible behavior which is not the norm, but it is certainly present and, indeed, it is present in the context that firearms pose a particular danger to the community.  We talked about Bull's Eye Shooter Supply in Tacoma, WA, over 238 weapons missing. You are not supposed to have any weapons missing.  Then there are the situations, for example, of Buckner Enterprises, Pro Guns and Sporting Goods, D Discount, Hock Shop, Julie's Pawn, Kent Arms, Northwest Shooters, Woodstove Supply, and Steve's Guns and Archery, all in Michigan.  Over a 4-month period, an undercover State trooper and a 20-year-old convicted felon traveled to 14 firearms retailers and attempted to make a straw purchase. The eight stores I mentioned above agreed to make the straw deal--irresponsible and reckless and, under this legislation, perhaps invulnerable to a suit by someone who might have been hurt as a result of the potential straw sales.  Bob's Gunshop, Bristol, PA, repeatedly sold firearms to convicted felons and out-of-State residents, including a 9 mm Taurus sold to a New Jersey convicted felon. The owners of the store counseled criminals and out-of-State residents to find a local resident to complete the background check.  Is that irresponsible? Yes. Is that against the law? Perhaps not.  It goes on and on. One gun store with which I am intrigued is Illinois Gun Works in Chicago, IL. John ``No Nose'' DiFronzo, a reputed mobster, owns the property where Illinois Gun works is located. Illinois Gun Works is one of the leading suppliers of crime guns to local criminals. This is from the Chicago Sun Times.  There are gun dealers out there who are acting irresponsibly and negligently. They will escape liability if this legislation passes. There are manufacturers that are not policing theranks of their dealers effectively enough who continue to sell to dealers such as these, who continue to report, as Bushmaster, the company that manufactured the sniper weapon, reported in regard to Bull's Eye. They are a good company. Even after all of this, they will escape liability.  We are in an extraordinarily important moment. Will we extend this unprecedented protection to an industry, will we signal to an industry that they can be irresponsible, they can be negligent? That is what we are talking about today.  I know my colleague, Senator Levin, is here to offer an amendment. Let me ask that he be allowed to do that. I retain my time for additional comments later.  