President, I initially want to respond to some of the comments made by the Senator from Utah. I believe he read a legislative proposal that Senator McCain and I submitted last fall, not the amendment that is before us today because we specifically removed from the amendment today any requirement for the turning in of lists of vendors at gun shows to the Attorney General of the United States. That is not in this amendment.  There is no requirement for unlicensed sellers to execute any paperwork. That requirement will be undertaken by a special licensee, presumably the gun show sponsor and operator, not the unlicensed gun dealer. Furthermore, there is no requirement to seek permission from the Attorney General or any Federal authority to conduct a gun show. So I think the comments of the Senator from Utah reflect not this amendment but previous proposals. This amendment has been specifically modified to make it as easy, as efficient, and as effective as possible to conduct these background checks.  The Federal authorities have a 3-day period of time in which to execute a gun show background check, but, frankly, with the National Instant Criminal Background System, we all know the facts are clear. Ninety-one percent of these checks are accomplished in less than 5 minutes; 95 percent in less than 2 hours. If the check is not completed in 3 days, then the transaction goes through. That is just a backstop in case there is information that these Federal authorities cannot obtain.  So, frankly, the suggestion that gun shows will be put out of business is quite wrong. Those places which have even tougher standards than those suggested by the McCain-Reed bill still have gun shows, and they are still highly popular and highly successful.  I thank the Senator from Idaho for his comments about North Carolina. My comments generally talked about closing the gun show loophole. As he points out, North Carolina requires everyone who is buying a firearm at a gun show to have a North Carolina firearm permit, which is probably a more demanding standard than we are suggesting in our amendment, and we would not suggest that. That is a State prerogative. Technically, they do not require all the background checks on licensees and unlicensees, but they do in fact require any purchaser to have a permit. That is a very stringent standard.  Now, there has also been some discussion today about the fact that this is going to cause tremendous chaos because what if someone saw a weapon at a gun show and then later called a private dealer. Well, that is why the amendment clearly defines activities that are not part of a gun show subject to this amendment.  The language states:     does not include an offer or exhibit of firearms for sale,      exchange, or transfer by an individual from the personal      collection of that individual, at the private residence of      that individual, if the individual is not required to be      licensed under section 923 or 932.  For example, if someone is a private collector, if they have some guns in their home and they are selling those weapons from their home, then they are not subject to this provision.  It is as clear as we can make it to exempt the many people who are private collectors and the many people who, indeed, should not be subject to this license requirement.  