President, on February 1, 2004, the New England Patriots defeated the Carolina Panthers, 32-29 in what has been already called one of the most exciting Super Bowls of all time. I commend the Patriots players, coaches and management for a thrilling victory. These Patriots have been a testament to successful teamwork, setting a wonderful example of self-sacrifice and unity, and showing us all what is possible when we work together, believe in each other, and collaborate for the greater good. The Patriots' embodiment of the team concept was needed to overcome the tenacious Carolina Panthers, who came back again and again in a spectacular effort.   The hard-earned victory in Super Bowl XXXVIII, the second in 3 years for the Patriots, was also their 15th consecutive win, putting the team in elite company as one of the greatest teams in NFL history. Amazingly, once again the New England region, and indeed, the entire country, were held on the edge of their seats as the Patriots kicker, Adam Vinatieri, won the game on a last second field goal. Indeed, Vinatieri has been a friend to my home State of Rhode Island, active in the Rhode Island Coalition Against Domestic Violence, D.A.R.E., and as a spokesperson for the Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island's Teen Anti-Smoking Contest.   This Patriots team was led all season by their coach, Bill Belichick, who has masterminded victory after victory by stressing preparation, team work and adaptation. In the championship game the Patriots defense, arguably the team's best asset, was led by Ty Law,Mike Vrabel, Tedy Bruschi and the veteran Willie McGinest. Vrabel was particularly impressive as an ``Ironman'' playing on the offense and scoring a touchdown.   The Patriots offense was led by the Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady who time after time led his team back until finally placing them in position to win. Brady was helped on offense by clutch performances from Troy Brown, Deion Branch, Kevin Faulk and Antowain Smith. Ultimately it was the Patriots offense, cool under the pressure, that brought them a hard earned victory.   Let me also acknowledge a Rhode Island native on the New England team. A former Boston College standout, running back Mike Cloud, was an important part of the Patriots' winning season, scoring five touchdown and making critical plays. Cloud is a former Rhode Island Player of the Year and long before he helped the Patriots win their second Super Bowl, he helped lead Portsmouth High School to three consecutive Rhode Island Class A Championships. I am proud that he has had the opportunity to represent our State and play an important role in this victory.   Once again, my congratulations to the New England Patriots and their fans on their Super Bowl victory.   