He recognizes, as I recognize, along with my colleagues and principal cosponsors Senators Hagel, McCain, Corzine, Akaka, and Biden, that our Army is stretched very thin across the globe with numerous missions, and in order to fulfill these missions we have to raise the end strength of the Army.  The amendment before us today would put within the authorized end strength a 20,000 increase in the number of soldiers in the U.S. Army. These are the number of troops the Army has indicated that they can absorb this year, and that they can train and utilize this year. It represents the recognition that we cannot simply depend upon emergency powers through supplementals to increase the end strength of the Army. We have to, as we do in this amendment, put in the actual end strength number to reflect a larger Army and also to reflect the fact that this is not a temporary occurrence.  Our commitments in Iraq, Afghanistan, and around the globe are going to require a substantially larger Army for an indefinite period of time.  As a result, working together with the chairman, we have placed in the Defense authorization bill the precise number of soldiers, this precise increase of 20,000 troops.  What the chairman has added, though, is the fact that these troops have to be paid for. There is a strong argument that we should pay for them in terms of regular budget authority, but he has suggested that we again go the emergency supplemental route to pay for these troops, which are now fully authorized in law. What I wanted to accomplish in the amendment first is to make sure we do incorporate a suitable end strength number. That has been accomplished.  Second, I wanted to avoid a situation where the Army had to go within its existing programs to search high and low for dollars to pay for these extra troops. That has been accomplished by the chairman's suggestion that we move some funds already identified in the emergency supplemental and designate those to pay for these additional troops.  So we have avoided a situation where the Army this year is going to be forced to come up with funds by going through and ransacking their existing programs, and we have set it in the authorization bill, the appropriate forum for such a decision. We have set in the precise number of end strength that is appropriate this year for the U.S. Army.  The question still arises, What happens in succeeding years? The argument myself, Senator McCain, Senator Hagel, and others have made is we cannot continue to depend upon supplemental and emergency funding. This is not an emergency. This is a fact of life in the world today. We need a larger Army.  We are accomplishing our objectives today for this fiscal year in this authorization, but I think the chairman and we all recognize we will eventually confront a situation where we have to raise the bottom line of the Army in terms of the funds they have. We do not want to see a situation a year from now or 2 years from now when the supplementals are inadequate but the needs of these troops are still persistent.  Senator Levin has language in this authorization bill that indicates in succeeding years, after this fiscal year and after this authorization bill, any increase in end strength will have to be put in the Army budget. I think that is an appropriate response. I think the Reed amendment as modified by Senator Warner will, in effect, accomplish that.  This is the thrust of the amendment. I have had an opportunity to explain it. At this point I reserve the remainder of my time to allow the Senator from Virginia to comment.  