President, my colleague from Idaho has invited me to look at the theory of negligent entrustment and negligence per se. I will try to do that.  Again, this is not an attempt to dispose of a case before a court. But we all have an obligation to understand what we are voting on, what these provisions will do based on the plain language of the provisions and based upon the facts as we know them in certain cases. That is why I think this is a positive exercise. It is insufficient to say that we pass laws, but we do not have to know what they mean because some judge will figure out what they mean. No, no, I think we have to know what they mean because that should drive our decision about whether this legislation will pass or fail.  Let me turn for a moment to these two theories of negligent entrustment/negligence per se.  Negligent entrustment is generally understood as ``the supplying of a qualified product by a seller for use by another person when the seller knows, or should know, the person to whom the product is supplied is likely to, and does, use the product in a manner involving unreasonable risk of physical injury to the person or others.''  Again, the seller has to know, or is likely to know, that the person they transfer the weapon to or supplied it to is likely to harm himself or harm someone else.  The problem we have with respect to the sniper case is that the evidence the snipers' weapon was shoplifted from Bull's Eye would appear to preclude the plaintiffs from making the requisite showing under the statute that the gunshop knew or should have known that the recipient of the gun, Malvo, was likely to use the product in a criminal or otherwise unreasonably dangerous manner.  Malvo indicated he shoplifted the weapon. The owner said he must have taken it. He didn't know it was missing until ATF showed up.  The theory of negligent entrustment is fancy-sounding terminology, but it is another trapdoor from which the exception falls out.  Negligence per se, under most--I am a lawyer, but I am hesitant to say I am a lawyer who is familiar in every detail with Federal practice, but my assumption is since we are talking about Federal and State laws, this negligence per se is a State common law concept that would apply to the laws of Washington State because that is where the Bull's Eye shooting gallery is located.  In any event, with respect to negligence per se, it would not preserve the sniper case because even where that doctrine is recognized, it requires a violation of statute that is a proximate cause of the plaintiff's injury. Once again, you have to show not only the violation but that violation of that particular law was a proximate cause of injury. As discussed above--again I am borrowing from one of these legal analyses--that would be very difficult to show. In fact, also I think there is another problem in Washington State about the doctrine of negligence per se.  The negligence per se doctrine has been abrogated by statute in Washington State. It doesn't apply.  Once again, I think we have an exception that does not provide relief for these individuals.  I conclude by joining my colleague in hoping we have some resolution soon on the procedural process for this evening and tomorrow. I yield the floor.  