 The other issue which has to be clarified is the applicability of this legislation to that original owner-operator who had been accused of a laundry list of inappropriate actions. I had the opportunity to review some of them today.  With respect to the owner of the Bull's Eye Shooting Gallery at the time the Malvo gun was obtained, under his ownership and under his license, 238 guns were missing. Many guns between 1997 and 2001 found their way into crime scenes. A remarkable record of guns found their way from a licensed dealer to crime scenes. Many found themselves to crime scenes in a rapid period of time. The nomenclature is ``time to crime.'' Time to crime was remarkably narrow. The time to crime was less than 3 years in more than 70 percent of Bull's Eye cases between 1997 and 2001, suggesting this organization was a conduit for obtaining weapons for crimes.  There were large numbers of multiple firearms sales. Sometimes he would sell as many as 10 guns at a time. There were numerous ATF citations, at least 15 times between 1997 and 2001. That is the record of the individual whose license was suspended, finally, by the ATF.  But the issue is, with respect to this individual, if we pass this legislation, will he be immunized after this record of negligence, recklessness, irrational responsibility? Most people would say that is the record. The exemption provided by paragraph (5)(A)(iii) says, in effect, the action would be preserved in which a manufacturer or seller of a qualified product violated a State or Federal statute applicable to the sale or marketing of the product and the violation was a proximate cause of harm for which relief is sought.  Two elements: You have to violate Federal and State statutes; and that violation was the proximate cause of the damage to the individual. According to the well-settled tort law principle, proximate cause requires that the defendant's conduct was a substantial factor in bringing about the harm suffered by the plaintiff.  Remember, two elements: State and Federal statutes violated, and that violation being a proximate cause.  Here is the difficulty with respect to the situation at the Bull's Eye Shooting Gallery. Despite the evidence we have that there were certain violations, many of them record keeping, it is going to be virtually impossible that the plaintiffs in the sniper case will be able to show that Bull's Eye violated any State or Federal statute with respect to the particular gun that was used by the snipers or that any such statutory violation was a proximate cause of the sniper attacks.  The evidence concerning the acquisition of the snipers' weapon supports Bull's Eye's claim that Lee Boyd Malvo shoplifted the gun. That is not in dispute. Indeed, after his arrest, I believe Malvo admitted he shoplifted the gun from Bull's Eye. Although the plaintiffs or the family of the plaintiffs claim that Bull's Eye's lax security practice permitted Malvo to get the weapon, that would not establish a violation of any Federal or State statute.  Again, a reading of this exception would say that you have to show, first, a Federal or State statute was violated, and the violation of that statute was the proximate cause was reading to injury. It is virtually impossible in this case.  What is happening in all of these exceptions that are built into the bill is, this is a trapdoor, if you will. We have a general prohibition against any type of suit against these individuals, these dealers, these manufacturers, or trade associations; and then we have exceptions. And they point out within the exceptions, artfully constructed by very good lawyers, provisions for an escape clause for the potential defendants. Here it is, the combination of proximate cause and violation of Federal-State statute.  Again, close analysis of the evidence--and I don't think any of this evidence is in dispute; Malvo admitted he shoplifted the weapon--suggests strongly this exception would not apply in the case of the Bull's Eye shooter. These sniper victims will be without relief. That is not just my view but the view of attorneys who have looked at it very carefully.  Now, this is a very detailed legal analysis. But, again, we so often--all of us--appeal to rather common, homely--in a literal sense--illustrations, something with which we are comfortable. I was struck when the Senator from Idaho talked about, Goodness gracious, if someone stole a car off a lot and drove into another car and caused damage, that you could not hold that dealer responsible.  Well, I can conceive of a situation. For example, if a dealer ordinarily left the keys in all of the cars on his lot, and they were cited 15 or 20 times before for doing that, and people knew that the dealer's cars were available, and young kids came in and jumped into a car and drove off at 60 miles an hour careening into another car and killing someone, I will tell you what I think. You have a pretty good suit against that automobile dealer for negligence, for abandoning the care that any other dealer in the country would adopt. They would not be protected from a suit as we propose to protect the gun industry.  Again, this legislation is very troubling to me. I do not think it provides adequate protections for people who have legitimate claims, the most graphic example of which is the sniper victims in the Washington, DC, area. But they are not alone. Danny Guzman was killed in Worcester, MA, as a result of what I think is gross negligence. A gun manufacturer employed, without background checks, ex-convicts, drug addicts, allowing them to steal weapons from the production inventory of the company, and to sell them to criminals in exchange for cash and drugs. This involved a multiple of weapons. They got the weapons out of the factory before they could stamp the serial numbers on them. Again, common sense would say: My goodness gracious, somebody has to be able to go in and require that employer to be conscious of their weapons, their security procedures.  I also understand--and again it is an understanding that is not shaped by a footnote at the moment--there are really no effective State or Federal laws about the security of weapons. I do not think there is any requirement specifying you have to have triple locks or double locks, et cetera. I think that is left to the reasonable business standards of an individual dealer. Again, if we do not have those rules and regulations or they are not effective, how do we then insist we cannot have a negligence action, as this legislation proposes?  For these reasons and many others I reiterate my opposition to the legislation.  I yield the floor.  