President, I am just a bit taken aback by the claim of flexibility. The Warner amendment actually sets out a date certain when the tests will be conducted. Particularly, since it is a year away, particularly Mr. Christie is talking about it is premature because it is in the developmental stage. I thought his letter was quite specific. The ground-based midcourse defense element is currently at a material level which requires continued developmental testing with oversight and assistance from operational testing personnel conducting realistic testing in the near term. I guess the question is, What is ``in the near term''? I suggest it would be a year or more. It would be premature and not beneficial to the program.  Let me reiterate that this is an extraordinary letter. It says basically this system is not mature enough to test, but we are going to deploy it. I think that is very unusual, particularly given the history of having other systems where, even though they had not completed their operational testing--like the Predator and JSTARS--the plan for operational testing had already been sketched out--not by the Secretary of Defense but by the Office of the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation.  I think the flexibility is in my central amendment. It talks about before you deploy a block or a spiral--the new terminology might be ``spiral,'' but what they are going to do essentially is what we do so often: build the system to a certain capability; then, through tests or experience or through actual field trials, develop new software, new technology, and new complements that can make it better. At a certain point, rather than just simply tweaking here and there, you go back in and you develop a new block. That is roughly to me what the spiral development is, minus the catchphrase. Before you do that, we should have operational testing.  I think this is a very critical aspect. My amendment does not intend to stifle flexibility. It has no correlation with deployment. That is an issue that is going to be determined--and has been determined. We had votes on that, but somewhere along the line we need to do operational testing.  I must say I would be much more impressed with the degree of commitment to this operational testing if at least we had a plan for operational tests, a plan prepared by Mr. Christie. We do not have that. At least that would signal that we are serious about operational testing. In fact, that should have been done. It says this system is so immature that we cannot even get to the point of developing a plan to test.  Once again, the amendment is not only reasonable but it is compelling. This is what we do when we develop systems. Again, I suggest it is something we should do.  There is another aspect of my amendment which is very important and that is the baseline. Again, we have to know how much is being spent, what are the cost goals, what are the capability goals with respect to the system.  The GAO discovered--we did not discover this because of the way the books are kept--a $1 billion cost overrun. Rather than reporting it, making it obvious or tracking it, they simply changed the cost goals. In conjunction with that, we find that rather than having 10 interceptors, as they originally talked about in terms of cost goals, they now have 5 interceptors. The situation is that the costs have gone up by $1 billion and capability has gone down by half. Now we have a situation where we were unaware of it until the GAO discovered this.  Call it spiral development, call it evolutionary development, that should not be. One would hope this sophisticated development process, this new form of development, would mean that costs are more transparent, more accurate, and the capability is more obvious. That does not seem to be the case.  Along with the notion of developing operational testing is developing the baseline. None of that is in the Warner substitute to my amendment. I cannot see any discussion of establishing baselines, of making sure the costs are appropriate, of alerting Congress to overruns, rather than just changing goals.  I hope my amendment would be adopted and could be adopted.  I yield the floor, and ask at the conclusion we might think about whether it is appropriate to continue debating or to yield back time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Alexander). The Senator from Colorado.  