President, the Senator from Idaho points to every exception because he can't point to one exception that will clearly establish the right of these plaintiffs to go forward to make their case. The way this legislation is structured, first, the qualified civil liability action may not be brought in any Federal or State court. You are thrown out of court unless you can get yourself back in by an exemption. In these cases, you are dismissed. You are already in court but you are out the door. The intent is very clear. It is to stop individuals from suing dealers, manufacturers, and trade associations.  What about these exemptions? The first exemption deals with the transferor or convicted. There have been no charges in Bull's Eye, no conviction. What happens? The case is already dismissed. Is there language the Senator from Idaho will apply reinstating the case automatically?  The second is a possibility that is negligent entrustment or negligence per se. All of these require knowledge on the part of the defendant. The facts of Bull's Eye clearly suggest there is no evidence or none so far proven that the owner knew the gun was shoplifted and, in fact, he alleges he was not aware of any missing weapons until he was confronted by the ATF after the crime. This does not apply.  Finally, there is the violation of a Federal or State statute. The Senator from Idaho often talks about, well, if there is a violation of Federal and State statute, that, of course, allows a person to go forward with this case.  But there are two parts of this test. State or Federal statute violated, and that violation causes proximately, substantially the injury. In effect, what would have to be shown for any type of liability to adhere to the Bull's Eye case under this arrangement is that he was aware of the missing weapons more than 48 hours before he was confronted by the ATF, and he consciously disregarded his obligation to report not just a missing weapon but the particular weapon that was taken by Malvo. None of these exceptions apply to Bull's Eye or, if they apply, it is a very tortured reach to make the application.  Then this amendment simply says: Well, if you fall under the statute, you get to use the statute. This is a circular, is a kind way to describe what this is. You could substitute anybody's name in the United States. It doesn't have to be John Allen Muhammad or John Lee Malvo. It could be the victim of any criminal today walking around the streets of America with a handgun. Because if you are injured by that individual with a handgun and you fall into these categories, you get to go to court.  But this is an easy amendment because very few people, if any, will qualify under these criteria. That is the whole point of this carefully worded, excruciatingly arcane approach to shutting people out of court. That is what this is about.  Essentially you can't have it both ways. You can't stand up here and claim you are protecting the industry from frivolous suits but every suit we bring up is a possible worthy and meritorious suit. Well, of course, that will get into court. Of course, it is one of the exceptions. You don't get it both ways.  You get it one way in this bill. Innocent people injured by the negligence of dealers, of manufacturers lose. And they win.  We are not just giving out Federal firearms licenses, if this legislation passes. We are giving a license to be negligent and reckless--grossly negligent and grossly reckless. That is what a Federal firearms license means, if this legislation passes.  I yield the floor and retain the remainder of my time.  