President, first, I want to emphasize, again, that this amendment does not affect the deployment decisions that have been made with respect to the missile system. Again, also, we have all talked about operational testing, its importance, and that you have to do it. I would be much more confident if, in fact, there was at least a plan today for operational testing. Mr. Christie and the Department of Defense could have developed that over the last year or two. His letter said this system is so immature that I cannot even begin to think about operational testing.  Once again, let me raise the obvious. If it is that immature, then what do we have up in Alaska? Is it going to be a deployed missile system or a test bed? Or is it going to be both? That is the real core of my amendment. The real core is that sometimes, unrelated to deployment, we have to have operational testing.  I argue that my amendment provides even more flexibility to the Department of Defense because it doesn't set a date certain of October 1, 2005, when this test must be conducted. I don't think we can make that date, frankly. I think we will find ourselves back here on the next Defense authorization bill striking that, extending it, or pushing it out because, to me, that is an unrealistic, inflexible deadline.  For that reason alone, I urge my colleagues to think particularly about the Warner amendment. There is a suggestion I would unduly hobble development. As I read Senator Warner's language, he directs the Secretary of Defense to ensure that each block configuration of the ballistic missile system is consistent with the operational scheme, which is precisely what I am saying. But I am not dictating a specific time to do that. The real key difference between Senator Warner's proposal and mine is that he is reversing the customary and prudent way to do independent operational testing. He is taking away the independence.  The independence, institutionally, is found in Mr. Christie's office, the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation, not in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Everybody here has to recognize that there is no more political, ideological issue than missile defense in terms of the national security debate. It has been that way for 20 years.  To suggest that the Secretary of Defense and members of the Cabinet are going to be as independent as someone whose job and career it has been to render objective judgments about weapons systems and deployability and effectiveness is, I think, defying logic. This is not rocket science, it is human behavior. Why are we going to build into the system all those objective judgments and objective pressures that any Secretary, regardless of party, regardless of administration, must feel when something this big is before him to decide?  That is why we created a system 20 years ago where there is an independent Office of Operational Test and Evaluation, with a director appointed by the President and who is not directly subject to political whims, the whims of contractors, or the needs of contractors to make sure the funds keep flowing. That is the big distinction between our amendments. We want operational testing, but we want it to be independent. That is the GAO recommendation--independent, realistic operational testing.  We are not specifying to do it next week. We are not saying you cannot deploy until you test. In fact, I am removing myself from the timing. As I said before, I think it is unrealistic to assume that there can be an accurate operational test by October 1 of next year. It is not going to slow down the deployment or development; I don't think so. It is going to make sure we learn from each step, each mistake, and each achievement. That is what good operational testing does.  I feel very strongly that the Warner amendment is trying to talk about operational testing, but the heart of it is not. It is subjective evaluation that has been going on now for years with respect to this missile program. I think we have to get back to independent evaluation. We can do it with my amendment, and we can also ensure that we get baseline information about how much is being spent, and the MDA cannot, in 1 year, decide that they are a billion dollars off in the cost estimate so they change the cost estimate.That is another example documented by GAO of the temptation to funding programs when you are the tester and the testee. That is what the Warner amendment would do.  So I hope, sincerely, that the Warner amendment can be defeated and that we can move on and adopt the Reed amendment. In the spirit of our prior comments, I will yield back my time.  