President, I thank Chairman Warner for his consideration in arranging this opportunity to discuss the nomination of Dr. Harvey to be the Secretary of the Army. First, let me say it is obvious Dr. Harvey is an admirable person with experience and skill. In my view, this debate is less about Dr. Harvey and more about the United States Army; whether he is prepared to take the necessary steps to respond to severe crises that affect the Army today. The Army is extended across the globe. The Army is engaged in Iraq and Afghanistan.  I just returned from a trip to both Iraq and Afghanistan. I have seen these magnificent soldiers serve us with distinction and courage, but it is a very stressful and demanding responsibility that each day they discharge, and, indeed, for the Army the stresses are beginning to build.  I think we have to recognize affirmatively that the Army must be bigger, not on a temporary basis but on a permanent basis. I think we also need to recognize the Army needs additional resources. Senator Levin, in his comments, pointed out the shortfall between the money the Army has estimated is necessary to recoup and repair their equipment and the actual funds they have available. If we do not address these issues, I believe we will begin to expose the Army to irreversible damage which certainly no one here in this body wants to see happen.  One inescapable conclusion of my trip to Afghanistan and Iraq is that we will be in these countries for years; not months but for years. The cost, the human cost and the financial cost to the country and to the Army particularly, will be substantial.  I have no doubt Dr. Harvey is a consummate professional. He is very skilled in managing organizations. I know he is committed to doing his best as Secretary of the Army, but I believe the Army needs a leader, not necessarily a manager. Also, I think we need an aggressive advocate for the Army. I hope that perhaps the result of this debate, if Dr. Harvey is confirmed, is that he will become that aggressive advocate for the Army. I know advocacy has to be appropriate. He has to be loyal to his civilian superiors. But he has to be someone who will take the case of the Army to the Secretary and, if necessary, beyond. Also, I believe any Secretary of the Army has to be cooperative with this Congress. He has to respond candidly and directly to our questions and our comments.  One of the issues we all have as leaders is the necessity to speak truth to power on occasion. One of the observations I would make is that we have seen, in the experiences of General Shinseki and Secretary Tommy White, occasions where they gave us their best opinion and they effectively were punished for those views.  I think that is wrong. I think that attitude has to be corrected. That is another responsibility of the Secretary of the Army, to ensure that uniformed officers have the opportunity to express themselves appropriately and not fear retribution. All of us will benefit from the advice the uniformed officers of this country can so wisely give to us.  Secretary White was discharged many months ago as Secretary of the Army. It took a very long time for the Secretary of Defense and the President to nominate Dr. Harvey. In the interim we were extremely well served by Acting Secretary Les Brownlee. I don't have to add more than what the chairman and the ranking member have said about the qualities of that individual. I just had the privilege about 10 days ago to be with Secretary Brownlee up in West Point where he represented the Army at the Board of Visitors meeting. He is a consummate professional, someone who has rendered extraordinary service to the Army and to the Nation. But one of the issues I find somewhat disturbing is that even though we were well represented by Secretary Brownlee, it took so long for the Secretary of Defense to nominate a permanent Secretary. I think that I can put it this way: I find that doesn't suggest the importance the job must bear. That is another reason I found it somewhat unusual, at the very end of our session, before the election, there was a sudden rush to confirm Dr. Harvey.  I had the occasion to speak with Dr. Harvey.  