President, I commend Chairman Inhofe for his great effort to move the highway provisions forward. I very much would like to speak about the public transit issue.  Let me begin by commending Chairman Shelby and Ranking Member Sarbanes for their extraordinary efforts on a bipartisan basis to ensure that we continue the success that we have enjoyed since TEA-21 with our public transit programs throughout the country. I also thank Senators Daschle, Jeffords, Santorum, and Baucus for their efforts to convince the Finance Committee to provide us with the adequate resources that were necessary to bring this transit bill to the floor.  The bill before us today is a strong step forward toward meeting our Nation's significant transit needs. Over the course of the last 2 years, I had the opportunity, first, to serve as chairman of the Subcommittee on Housing and Transportation of the Banking Committee, and then as ranking member to my colleague, Senator Wayne Allard of Colorado. Our joint tenure as chair and ranking member, respectively, allowed us to look deeply at the issues confronting transit throughout the United States. We had a number of hearings and we were able to get a broad-based spectrum of witnesses to talk about the successes and the challenges that face transit throughout the United States.  We heard from each region of the country--northern and southern, rural and urban. Mass transit is not exclusive to one region. In fact, what we are finding throughout the country, particularly as metropolitan areas grow and transit needs increase and commuting increases, every community is looking for ways to incorporate transit in their overall transportation plan--not simply to move people but also to meet environmental standards, which are increasingly difficult to achieve without some type of transit system. We heard from businesspeople, environmentalists, senior citizens, the disabled, and those making the transition from welfare to work. We heard from the administration and from academics who are experts in the field of transit.  Now, while these witnesses did not agree about every detail, they sharedone central message: TEA-21 works. The current Federal program for transit support works very well, but preserving that success is jeopardized by one simple thing: resources. We have to reinforce success. If we do not provide the resources and continued commitment, we will lose that success; we will disadvantage communities throughout this country.  Mr. President, I am very pleased today that the bill we have before us in the Senate makes some changes to current law, but it takes that central message to heart and provides increased resources to meet the demands of all of our communities for more effective public transportation.  When we passed TEA-21 years ago, transit funding doubled and ridership rose by 28 percent--faster than any other mode of transportation. Mass transit is increasing faster in terms of its use by the American public than any other form of transportation. Another example is how this program is being successfully greeted enthusiastically by people throughout this country. It is my hope the bill before us, which would provide $56.5 billion for transit of all types, can help achieve the same levels of return on our investment, and that we see a continued increase in ridership and use. That has a positive effect in terms of moving people throughout metropolitan areas and rural areas to get to their jobs. It has a positive effect in terms of making the cost of transportation lower for most people. Also, as I mentioned, it has beneficial environmental effects.  This bill would increase our transit formula programs by 56 percent, on average, and no State sees a rate of increase below 37 percent for its apportionment, and the vast majority of States are at or above the national average.  The bill is not just an urban transit bill. Indeed, rural transit programs would grow from $1 billion under TEA-21 to almost $3 billion under this legislation.  The committee also responded to the needs of States experiencing the highest rates of population growth and those States with high levels of population density by creating a new program to address the traffic congestion so commonly experienced in these areas.  The bill also increases funding for the Elderly and Disabled Transit Program from $90 million in the current fiscal year to $187 million in fiscal year 2005 and would continue to increase this essential program to a total of $248 million in fiscal year 2009.  This legislation will also provide significantly greater discretionary funding to improve our Nation's bus fleets and expand or construct new transit projects.  One of the areas that was of great concern to Senator Allard and I in our deliberations was the impact of 9/11 on our transit system. This legislation recognizes that after 9/11, we can't assume that transit is just business as usual. We all recognize the vital role that transit played in mitigating the damages, both in New York City and in Washington, DC.  The transit system in Washington, DC, was remarkable in terms of moving and evacuating the city. The transit system in New York City was critical in literally saving thousands of lives as alert and experienced transit operators were able to close stations, move people out of stations, reroute trains, and save thousands of lives. We have to learn from that example. We have to incorporate in this legislation--and I am proud to say we do--the responsibility and also the flexibility so that local communities can use transit funds to prepare their workforce for these types of dangers. It is something that is necessary and something, indeed, I am proud to see.  We held two hearings in the subcommittee with respect to transit safety issues. In addition to that, Senator Sarbanes and I commissioned a GAO study to look at the security needs for transit systems. Those needs are significant. This bill at least attempts to provide the resources to begin dealing seriously with those transit security needs.  Indeed, I am glad recommendations by the GAO have been incorporated in the bill before us. I am particularly pleased that urban grant recipients will be able to use their Federal funds to better train their personnel in security needs, as well as conduct emergency response drills to prepare for a potential terrorist incident. Such training is one of the single most important things that transit agencies can do to improve their passenger security.  This is an important step forward toward improved transit security. But there are two other issues that Congress and the administration must address.  First, the Department of Homeland Security must formally accept its responsibility for protecting the millions of Americans who ride our bus and rail systems every day. I hope to offer an amendment, when appropriate, to this legislation to ensure the Department of Homeland Security does take these responsibilities seriously. And second, improved transit security will require more resources than we are able to provide within the context of this reauthorization bill. I hope I can count on all of my colleagues to support increased funding for the Department of Homeland Security appropriations so that it can use those funds to enhance the security of transit systems throughout this country.  One of the unfortunate aspects of the world in which we live is that our foes seek the weakest links when they choose to attack us. Unfortunately, we have not invested in transit security to the degree we have in aviation and port security. It is, unfortunately, the weakest link, and we have to improve it.  Transit is an essential part of our Nation's economy in every region of the country. The investments in this legislation will help to ease congestion on our highways, reduce pollution, and provide for a smoother functioning and more efficient economy. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important measure.  Once again, I commend Chairman Shelby and Ranking Member Sarbanes for their great efforts, and also Senator Inhofe and Senator Jeffords for their leadership on the highway bill.  I yield the floor.  