President, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise to offer an amendment which would implement the recommendations of the General Accounting Office for missile defense testing and base alignment. Last month the GAO issued a report on missile defense entitled ``Missile Defense Actions Are Needed To Enhance Testing And Accountability.'' In its report, the GAO makes some commonsense recommendations to improve the testing of missile defense and to increase accountability of Congress for missile defense programming.  The principal recommendation is that at some point there is developed and executed a plan for operational testing. That is a very critical point. As the GAO pointed out, they would recommend to the Missile Defense Agency that they prepare for and conduct, on an independent basis, not within the purview of the Missile Defense Agency but on an independent basis, operationally realistic tests of those missile defenses. This is the way we develop and deploy major weapons systems in the United States. We do initial testing. We prove out the technologies. But before we field them, we go ahead and do a test on their operational capacities. That is the basic approach. It is a good approach, a sound approach. The GAO recommendations would make the missile defense programs consistent in this regard with all other programs.  The second aspect of the proposed amendment would be to require the Missile Defense Agency to require course baselines so that we know how much we are spending with respect to missile defense. We know what the course goals are. We know when they are exceeded or when they are constrained by good planning and good management. These are two fundamental aspects of any sound military procurement program.  Missile defense is one of the most complicated programs we will ever attempt to field in the history of this country.  I believe it is appropriate at this juncture to take a look at this missile defense system as it exists today. I think you will hopefully concur withme that we do need some realistic operational testing.  First, this is the basic architecture of the system. The system we are deploying in Alaska is designed principally, if not exclusively, to counter one potential threat--the threat of a missile coming from North Korea. Now, the system is composed of several major elements. I will review them.  First is the DSP early warning satellite. This is a defense system that has been flying since the 1970s. It is well proven, but essentially all this system does is spot the lift-off of an enemy missile, or potential adversary missile, coming out of North Korea or anyplace else. It was put up in the 1970s as part of the cold war to identify a Russian missile or Chinese missile being ignited. That is a rather established technology. It provides just the cue that an enemy missile has been launched.  The next part of the proposed system is the Aegis ships. They have radar, but it was designed not to track ICBMs. Rather, it is to track cruise missiles and close-in aircraft. They are being essentially pushed into the role of trying to acquire the target after it lifts off and track it as far as it can. It really cannot track that far because of built-in limitations. Again, this version was not designed to track long-range ICBMs. Their radar doesn't seem to be powerful enough to protect and track accurately to places such as Hawaii. Also, these Aegis ships have never guided an interceptor to its target in a single intercept test. They have done preliminary activities but have not guided an interceptor to a target in a test. The operational tracking software of Aegis has never been tested in an integrated test. So you have one element that is still not quite up to the speed we would like it to be in terms of the Aegis system.  The next part is the Cobra Dane radar system in Alaska. Cobra Dane is another 1970s version. It has been updated, but it has no real discrimination capability in terms of determining what a missile warhead would be or what a decoy would be. It is incapable of tracking a North Korean missile bound for Hawaii. So, again, we have a problem in terms of providing coverage. It has never been used in an intercept test, and there are no plans to do so because we do not have an ICBM target that can fly in Cobra Dane's field of view. Then we were going to have to replace Cobra Dane and x-band radar on Shemya Island. We don't have the x-based, land-based system. We are working on a sea-based x-band radar, not primarily for operational use but for test use, to be ready in fiscal year 2005.  The final one is the interceptor with the kill vehicle on top. Both the interceptor and kill vehicle are brand-new, and neither have been tested together in an intercept test. The new version of the kill vehicle hasn't been flight tested at all. It is coming off of production. There are new systems within the kill vehicle. It is an improvement, we hope, over the previous prototypes but has not yet been flight tested. Problems with the kill vehicle are seen as delaying the next scheduled test. That is the IFT-13c. That test is being touted by the Missile Defense Agency as a fly-by. So the next test--the one before this system is declared deployable and deployed--is not designed to knock the missile down but to simply fly by it. If it does knock it down, I am sure the Missile Defense Agency will take great pleasure in it, with great claim. By declaring it just a fly-by, they will have wiggle room for saying the test succeeded and saying we didn't intend to knock it down either. Ask yourself, if we are deploying a missile system in a most recent test to fly by the missile, is that going to protect the U.S.? I don't think that is the case.  My amendment would require that we do operational testing, which is something done on every major system. It is under the purview of Dr. Tom Christie in the Office of Test and Evaluation at the Department of Defense. He is charged by Congress with independently evaluating these systems on behalf of the Defense Department.  Some argue that we need to go ahead and deploy this system right away, that we have done it before, and that is fine. It turns out that we have deployed systems before in emergencies, such as the Predator in Kosovo in 1999. That system had already on the books operational testing plans. Indeed, when this emergency deployment was completed, that operational test was carried out the following year, 2000. This system is a rudimentary system with huge gaps in technology, which has never been fully tested on an integrated basis. None of these parts have been put together in one intercept test yet. This system has no plans for operational testing, which denies the obvious point of the custom and practice and the law in many cases.  The JSTAR surveillance system is another one which individuals will say was put into the fray before it was operationally tested. That is also true. In 1991, JSTARs were deployed in Desert Storm. Following the deployment, even though the Senate Armed Services Committee was so impressed that they wanted to deploy it without testing, the Air Force insisted upon operational testing. They found defects because of the testing. They completed the operational testing in 1995, and this testing revealed problems with respect to the inability to operate at the right altitude and inadequate mission reliability. These were corrected, so the JSTAR system is much more reliable today than it would have been without operational testing.  Once again, this system is untested in a systematic way, and it is not even scheduled for operational testing. The point of my amendment is not to delay or defer this deployment; it is simply to say at some point in time--some point when the Missile Defense Agency feels they are ready for operational testing--we should at least have operational testing. I believe that is absolutely critical.  There are examples now, too, of the tests that have been conducted. These suggest that the tests are not up to the level of operational testing. For example, for the tests conducted so far on this system, all of the targets have had beacons on them, telling the National Missile Defense Agency and the shooters, if you will, the exact location of the missiles coming in. I don't think anybody believes that an adversary would put a beacon on the missile to warn us. Those are the types of rudimentary tests taking place today. They are important tests but not operational tests. Indeed, I asked the Director of the MDA in March when we would stop using beacons on our target vehicles. He simply said he didn't know. That is not exactly the kind of realistic testing the General Accounting Office called for.  I mentioned Cobra Dane, which is the radar that is a critical piece. It will track this target for a long way, and it would hopefully be able to discriminate between decoys and the actual warheads. But we have, as I mentioned before, no plans to test this radar because we lack an appropriate testing vehicle, ICBM.  The other point, which is very important--and it goes to the heart of realistic testing--is that every intelligence analyst who looks at this problem has suggested that if a nation is capable of putting a nuclear device on a long-range missile, and particularly if they are so motivated to use it against us, they are likely to be just as capable of having sophisticated decoys or even rudimentary decoys on the missile.  We have never conducted tests against very sophisticated or even realistic decoys. As a result, we are prepared to deploy a system that has not been adequately tested. But more importantly, there are no plans to adequately test it.  My amendment would simply ask the Department of Defense, through the normal procedures, through the Office of Test and Evaluation, to prepare such plans and conduct those tests when appropriate.  These are just some of the examples I have given with respect to this particular system. There is a whole laundry list of what should be done to ensure that this system, when deployed, is appropriately ready for the challenge. This chart shows yes and no in terms of obvious parameters for a system that is about to be fielded. Most of the parameters have not been accomplished. In fact, the vast majority have not been accomplished.  There is no full system operational test. There are no tests, to my mind, that have integrated every part of this system, from Cobra Dane, the Aegis warships, to the interceptor with the new-kill vehicle with the new boosterattached and flying out and engaging a target.  There is no full system operational test scheduled. We are not talking about a situation where we have to wait a few months or a year and there is an operational test planned for. By the way, these operational tests are not something that can be done on 2 or 3 days' notice. These takes months and months to prepare and plan and are extremely costly.  I do not really know, because it is hard to figure out the budget for MDA, whether they have put aside money for operational testing. It is hard to tell. We are not even scheduling these tests.  It has not been tested in bad weather. It has not been tested at night. Experts in the field indicate that is a very important aspect of ensuring the system will work.  Again, I do not think there is any American who does not want to see a workable system in place, but we have to raise questions when we have not done the testing to assure the American public that this system will work and will work as it is designed to work.  Tested three-stage booster and intercept test: This new package of the booster and kill vehicle has not been tested yet.  Tested without interceptor knowing in advance warheads infrared and radar signature, I mentioned that before. All of the data of the enemy warhead is essentially given to the forces that are trying to engage it. That is not a realistic test.  It has not been tested against a tumbling warhead, when the warhead detaches from the boost vehicle and spinning. That has not been tested.  Tested against realistic decoys and countermeasures: Realistic decoys would be something that looked like a warhead; just one other body that looks like a warhead. We have not done that. The decoys that have been used to date have been large spheres that look completely unlike the warhead.  It has not been tested against complex decoys. These are much more sophisticated decoys. We certainly have not done that. We have not reached the realistic level, let alone the complex level.  It has not been tested against more than one warhead on a missile. Again, if there is a nation out there that is capable of producing a nuclear warhead and putting it on a missile, they are probably capable--it may take a little longer--of producing multiple warheads and putting them on a missile.  It has not been tested against more than one incoming missile. If North Korea is going to attack us, why would they do something that would spell doom, first because of our overwhelming power to deter them, but second, what makes us think they will fire just one missile at us? I would assume they would fire multiple missiles, and we have not tested against that.  Again I mention this, we have not tested this without a GPS system, a beacon on the adversary missile and warhead.  Tests have been conducted by the contractors and managers. That is the first ``yes'' accomplished.  Tests overseen by Pentagon's independent test office: No, and that is the core of our debate today, because looking at the chairman's amendment to my amendment, what they are essentially saying is: Listen, we do not want the independent tester to look at this; we want the Secretary of Defense to prescribe this. That is not the way to do this because it just invites all of the problems with individuals testing themselves.  This is not as much a technical problem as a problem of human nature. You tend to pass every test you give yourself, particularly if it is important you pass the test. That is why we set up, in the eighties, this Office of Test and Evaluation with an individual who is appointed by the President, not the Secretary of Defense, to conduct these tests.  SBIRS high early warning satellites: This will be the follow-on to the DSP satellites. SBIRS is not yet flying. The original plan was to have SBIRS in this system instead of the old DSP system.  SSTS space tracking and surveillance system: This is another system not in place.  Cobra Dane radar upgraded: Yes, it has been upgraded, but not the x-band radar contemplated for this system. It does not have the power of the x-band. Even with this upgrade, it is still not capable of the discrimination that you need to separate decoys from the warheads.  The ground-based x-band radar I mentioned is not deployed. It has been essentially canceled.  Sea-based x-band radar is being developed. It is not yet deployed.  Question: Will it protect Hawaii? It is a question because of the coverage of the Cobra Dane, because the fact the Aegis system is providing an important part of the tracking system.  Fly before you buy: We are certainly violating that. We are buying the system without flying. That is the fundamental problem we are facing today. Yet we are going to declare the system operational. We can argue about that, and we have. Senator Boxer had an amendment which talked to that specifically.  My amendment is not about deploying the system. My amendment is about conducting operational tests at some juncture. I believe this operational testing scheme has hit a nerve because, as I saw the chairman's substitute to my amendment, he basically said yes, we will do operational--in fact, he specifies a date. I believe it is October of 2005. That is pretty ambitious since we are not planning for any tests yet. It is also pretty ambitious since we do not have a suitable missile target vehicle that could fly from the vicinity of North Korea and go through the space in which Cobra Dane operates.  As a result, in a very short time, we would have to build a target missile, we would have to plan for the test, and we would have to integrate all these other pieces. Yet that is what the amendment offered by my colleague from Virginia would say.  The problem with the amendment is that it takes out of the loop the one person who is there to guarantee the independence, the rigor, and the accuracy of this test, and that is the Director of the Office of Test and Evaluation at the Pentagon. That is something I think is critical.  Again, given this list of items to be accomplished, it seems stunning to me that we are actually debating about whether we should just authorize and require at some point--and at this point, after deployment--operational testing, or at least to plan it. But that is the substance of the debate, and just as importantly, not just the operational testing, but the fact it is going to be conducted by an independent agency within the Pentagon, not by the people who are graded by whether they pass or fail. Again, not high tech but human nature. I think more people are comfortable with having someone objectively design the test and supervise the test than having the people who have everything to lose and everything to gain do that.  There is one other aspect of my amendment I want to mention, which is important, and that is the notion of baselines. The GAO came back to us and said: No one seems to know how much the system is costing because there are no baselines.  They pointed out, for example, that there was a $1 billion overrun of the cost goal of missile defense to be fielded starting in September, but the Department of Defense never explained to Congress this overrun. Instead, they simply changed the cost goal.  How can we evaluate this system? How can we make difficult choices between investing in missile defense and increasing the end strength of our Army, if MDA suddenly says, well, our objective was X, but we found it cost us a billion dollars more, so now it is X plus one billion? We have to have a baseline. This is all designed to have appropriate control and appropriate notification to the Congress about the status of this very complex system.  Additionally, this cost goal change was surprising because the GAO also noted that originally the system in Alaska to be deployed in September was to have 10 interceptors, and now it is 5. So not only did they change the cost goal by increasing the amount of money they are spending, but they lowered the number of interceptors and also, I think by fair inference, the capability of the system. High cost, lower capability, but yet it was not communicated to us.  My amendment would ask them to prepare the baseline, to communicate to us when those baselines are exceeded. If we do not have that, then we willnot have the ability to do our job, which is to supervise appropriately and oversee the activities of the Missile Defense Agency in the development of this very complicated system.  There has been a great debate about whether we should deploy this system. I found it interesting to note that President Reagan was approached years ago by some Congressmen and Congresswomen who wanted to deploy then the existing system. This was in August of 1986. According to the Frances Fitzgerald's book about President Reagan ``Way Out There in the Blue,'' here is what he told those Congressmen:       I know there are those who are getting a bit antsy [to      deploy a missile defense] but to deploy systems of limited      effectiveness now would divert limited funds and delay our      main research. It could well erode support for the program      before it's permitted to reach its potential.  Once again, we are not debating today the deployment in this amendment. We have had that debate previously with Senator Boxer. We are not debating deployment. We are simply debating let us plan to do the operational testing. Let us get that operational testing done at some point because otherwise we are literally getting a system that is untried. No one wants the first time this system is fully operationally tested to be in the deplorable and horrific situation of a missile heading toward us.  So I would hope that we could, in fact, adopt the Reed amendment, have operational testing planned for it, have baselines established to be able to monitor this system as we should and be able, I hope, to assure the American public that when we say it is in service, it will work. There is a difference between telling them it works and proving it in operational and realistic testing. I hope we can do that.  I reserve the remainder of my time in response to my colleagues.  