I believe it is incumbent that we formally increase the end strength of the Army and we incorporate within the Army budget the requirements for these additional soldiers.  At this juncture, the Army is being increased on an emergency basis through supplemental appropriations. I think that is not the appropriate way to do it. I think we have to recognize that the struggles we are engaged in are long term; they are not temporary. We have to have an end strength within the authorization bill that reflects that long-term effort we are engaged in.  I also believe we have to have within the Army budget the baseline established so that if a supplemental is delayed or is not sufficient to cover these additional troops, the Army does not have to go among its own programs and root about and find moneys to pay for these troops.  These troops are necessary. It is expedient that we should in fact engage and correct this discrepancy between the missions and the men and women who are serving our Army so well.  This is a quick glimpse of our soldiers who are committed throughout the world: 310,000 soldiers in 120 countries. The most significant, of course, are operations in Afghanistan and in Iraq. There are 13,000 in Afghanistan and 126,000 in Iraq. There are soldiers all across the globe and I think we all understand the stresses of these operations are wearing our Army down rapidly.  Some of the indications that we have too few troops can be cited very quickly. First, literally a few days ago the Army announced a stop-loss policy that would prevent soldiers from leaving the Army 90 days before their unit deploys into Iraq. We are essentially telling volunteers that they cannot leave at the end of their enlistment. That is an obvious indication we have too few troops.  Second, we are withdrawing troops from Korea. There might be strategic reasons to pull troops out of Korea. There might be logistical reasons. Technology might be aiding them. But, frankly, this is an indication of, again, the shortage of troops within the Army, because we have huge risks in North Korea. This is a regime that has announced they have nuclear weapons. This is a regime that has been involved in on-and-off negotiations with us for a matter of many months to see if we can resolve the situation peacefully.  The signal we are sending to the North Koreans, albeit unwittingly, is this is not a major priority; we are actually taking troops away.  When troops are taken away, we may still have the ability to deter the North Koreans from attacking South Korea but, frankly, our mission over there is no longer just deterrence, it is disarmament, and that requires diplomacy backed up by force. We hope diplomacy works, but we are weakening our hand.  One of the most interesting and insightful indications of the shortage oftroops is we are actually beginning to take apart the training infrastructure of the U.S. Army. Recently it was announced that troops from our training centers, the 11th Army Cavalry Regiment, which serves as the op force, the enemy force, in training our units, is being notified for deployment overseas. In addition to that, the 1st Battalion of the 509th Infantry, which acts as the opposition force to train our troops at Fort Polk, LA, is also on notice.  What can be more demonstrative of the shortage of troops than the fact we are, in a sense, dismantling our training structure? That in the long term is going to do great harm to the service. We need more troops.  I am sure those who are opposed to the amendment will say we have authorized in this bill again access to emergency authorization and supplemental funding, but that is not doing it the right way, doing it up front, doing it in a straightforward manner, increasing end strength statutorily, and putting this into the regular budget process.  I hope tomorrow we can debate this bill. I am unaware of the second-degree amendment. I will get with the chairman to see what his language is. I feel very strongly that this is the way to do it, and I am joined in that by my colleagues Senators McCain, Hagel, Corzine, Akaka, Biden, and many others who feel very strongly this is the way to do it and it should be done. I hope it will be done tomorrow.  With the expectation and the understanding that we will have at least an hour tomorrow on my side to engage in debate on this issue, at this point I yield the floor.  