President, I rise in support of Staci Yandle, who has been nominated to serve as a Federal district court judge in the Southern District of Illinois. She is going to replace a fine Federal judge, J. Philip Gilbert, who took senior status in March. It is a judicial emergency, so I am glad we are moving to it today.  Staci Yandle has the experience, integrity, and the judgment to be an excellent Federal judge. Born in Centreville, IL--incidentally, the hometown of my wife--she currently lives in Carlyle, IL, downstate. She received her undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois and her law degree from Vanderbilt.  Over the course of her career, Staci Yandle has gained extensive experience in the courtroom. She has her own solo practice based in O'Fallon, IL, which she has operated now for 7 years. She has worked for several outstanding law firms in southern Illinois and handled a wide range of litigation matters, including employment, education, medical injury, civil rights, and nursing home abuse cases. She also worked as an arbitrator for the Twentieth Judicial Circuit Court in Illinois.  Ms. Yandle currently serves on the board of the Illinois Bar Foundation. She has taught as an adjunct law professor at the St. Louis University School of Law.  Additionally, she has a distinguished record of pro bono service in southern Illinois, representing indigent clients and nonprofit corporations, including the Delta Economic Development Corporation, which operates a childcare center in St. Clair County.  Ms. Yandle's nomination is historic in several respects. Never before in the course of the history of our State has there been an Article III Federal judge who was openly a member of the LGBT community. Upon confirmation, Staci Yandle will be the first. Upon confirmation, she will also be the first African-American Federal judge ever to serve in the Southern District of Illinois. She will be only the second woman to serve, as she is joining Nancy Rosenstengel, who was approved by the Senate just a few weeks ago.  In short, Staci Yandle's confirmation marks another important milestone in America's journey toward equality of opportunity.  Ms. Yandle was recommended to me by a bipartisan screening committee which I established to take a look at all of the judicial candidates, and I was pleased to recommend her to President Obama. He forwarded her nomination for consideration by the Senate Judiciary Committee where it passed with a strong vote. I hope there will be an equally strong vote today in support of her nomination.  In conclusion, Ms. Yandle is an excellent nominee and I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to confirm her.  I yield the floor.  