They have in common the fact that they both voted against comprehensive immigration reform.  When we had a chance in committee--which the Senator from Alabama and the Senator from Texas serve on--and on the floor to offer amendments and change the bill accordingly, both of them at the end of the day voted against comprehensive immigration reform. Now, over a year later, they come and complain about the state of law when it comes to immigration in America. They can't have it both ways.  They could have participated with us in changing the law in a positive fashion. They chose not to. They wanted to wait until a year later and complain about President Obama not meeting his obligation.  When it comes to comprehensive immigration reform, the Senate met its obligation, and those who voted for it did as well. It was the House of Representatives that failed to call the bill.  Now the Senator from Alabama says, well, the reason these children are coming to our border is because President Obama signed an Executive order which said that if you were a child brought to the United States by August 15, 2007, you could qualify to be benefited by this order and not deported, under DACA on a temporary basis.  Now, that has nothing to do with any child that comes after that date. They are not covered by that order. They are not protected by that order. To blame President Obama for the children coming to the border is to ignore the obvious. The law that brings these children to the border was a law signed by President George W. Bush in 2008. That is the law that governs the treatment of these children. Everything has to be blamed on President Obama from that side of the aisle. In this case, the law was signed by President George W. Bush.  I happen to believe that this DACA Executive order by the President was thoughtful and humane. Here is what it said: If you were brought to the United States before the age of 16, as a child, you lived in the United States and finished high school, with no criminal record of any magnitude, you would be allowed to stay in the United States on a temporary basis and not deported.  I have met these children. There are many of them who are growing into magnificent contributors to America--doctors, engineers, teachers. They beg to join our military. They are not what they are characterized to be. These are young people who believe this is their homeland, this is their country, and all they are asking for is a chance.  President Obama gave them that chance, and the Republicans time and again--Senator Sessions now, later Senator Cruz--can't wait to deport all these children who have gone through high school, gone through college, and only aspire to be contributors to the future of America. That is the Republican party position for some: Deport these children; we don't want them in our country any longer. That is their position. That is not the position of a majority of Americans. They deserve a chance to prove themselves and earn their way to legal status. And to blame them for this border crisis is unfair.  