 I went back to Illinois this last weekend, traveling around, as I have over the last several months. After a person has been in this world of politics for a while, it doesn't take long to sit down with most gatherings and crowds and kind of test out ideas. People either fold their arms and look at the ceiling and pray you stop talking or they start getting on the edge of their chair and listening. What I have found over the last several weeks is that everywhere I go, everywhere in the State--downstate small towns, medium-sized cities, and the city of Chicago--there is one issue that has everybody sitting up and listening. The issue is student loans.  We wonder why that issue would have so many people interested. It is because 34 million Americans are paying back student loans now. In the State of Illinois, there are 1.7 million people paying back student loans--1.7 million. Fifteen percent of our population is paying back student loans. There is more student loan debt in America today than credit card debt.  Some of the loans these students are taking out to go to school are outrageous. There is no other way to describe it. These young people, 19 or 20 years old, are sitting there at the desk at the college as someone is shoving a piece of paper toward them for them to sign saying: Well, if you sign up here for your loans, you can start classes on Monday. That young man or woman, who has been told since they were just a little kid to go to college, go to college, go to college, signs on and heads to class. At the end of the day those students end up $20,000 in debt, $30,000 in debt, and more--dramatically more. Many of them don't have a clue about the indebtedness they are getting into to go to school. Some of them don't know they are being lured into these for-profit colleges and universities. Sadly, too many of them are worthless. Students are signing up for these for-profit colleges and universities thinking they are real schools, thinking it is just like the University of Wisconsin, just like the University of Illinois. No, it isn't. It is a business, and it is a business that makes its money off of kiting the cost of tuition for students and, if they can stick around to finish, handing them a worthless diploma. How does a student know this? Well, the honest answer is they don't until it is too late.  Hannah Moore has been at my press conferences twice. She went to one of these awful for-profit schools and ended up with $120,000 in debt for a bachelor's degree and a worthless diploma. She couldn't get a job. Her debt is now closer to $150,000. She can't pay it. Here she is barely 30 years old with over $100,000 in debt for a worthless diploma. That is the extreme, but for 10 percent of the students graduating from high school in America today,those are the schools they go to--for-profit colleges and universities.  Which are the biggies? The University of Phoenix, No. 1; DeVry University from Illinois, No. 2; and Kaplan University, which used to own the Washington Post. These are the big ones.  Remember three numbers when you think about the for-profit colleges and universities: 10 percent of high school students go to these schools. These schools get 20 percent of the Federal aid to education because their tuition is so outrageously high--20 percent--over $30 billion a year going to this industry. And here is the kicker: 46 percent of all student loan defaults are students at for-profit colleges and universities. What does that tell us? They charge too much, the educations are not worth it, and the students can't get a job.  That is the most extreme example, but let's talk about the rest of the world: 97 percent of students going to other colleges and universities. They are running up debt at record numbers, at a record pace. Unfortunately, many of those student loan debts lure in their parents and sometimes grandparents to help them along, and the student debt grows and grows. Sadly, if they make the big mistake of going not to a for-profit school but one of the regular schools and sign up for private loans, they are in for a beating, and they don't know it. They are young students. How could they possibly know what they are signing up for--a school that would lure them into a private loan to go to college and then subject them to the harshest, toughest, meanest, most unrelenting collection agency you have ever seen coming after these students on their student loans. That is the world we live in, and that is a world that needs to change.  When I go home and talk to people about it, they are either directly personally affected by it, their family is affected by student debt, or they worry that their sons and daughters who may want to have a chance at higher education will get sucked into this same scam. Well, help can be on the way.  I have joined with two of my colleagues, Jack Reed of Rhode Island and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. We have a package of three bills that would give students from middle-income families, working families across America, a fair shot at an affordable higher education. My bill, the student borrower bill of rights, says the school has an obligation to tell students to stick with the government loan because it is a lower interest rate and not lure students into a private loan. Jack Reed has a bill which stipulates that if schools keep sinking students deeper in debt and they can't get out of it, eventually the school has to accept financial responsibility. That will get their attention. But the big bill of the three comes from Elizabeth Warren--and we are joining her--to refinance college debt at lower interest rates, bring them down from 7, 8, 9, 10 percent to 3.8 percent. Does it make a difference? Anybody who has ever had a home mortgage will say it does. Lowering that interest rate to 3.8 percent will finally allow some of these families and students to start paying off the principal on the student loan and put it behind them. Consolidate the loans at lower interest rates is what our bill says.  Oh, Senator, great idea. Who is going to pay for this?  I will tell my colleagues exactly how we pay for it--exactly. Does the name Warren Buffett ring a bell? He is one of the richest men in America. He has done very well for himself, the ``Seer of Omaha,'' Berkshire Hathaway. He came to Congress a few years ago and said: Something is wrong with the Tax Code.  Do we know what is wrong with it? Warren Buffett is paying a lower income tax rate than his secretary.  Why, he said, is my secretary, who makes dramatically less money than I do, paying a higher income tax rate than I am?  The reason is pretty clear: Most of his income comes from capital gains, and that is lower than the regular income tax rate.  So Warren Buffett said: We ought to have a rule that says if you are a millionaire in America, you are going to pay at least as much as the people who work for you pay in taxes--the Buffett rule. The Buffett rule generates enough money in the Tax Code by imposing that tax burden on millionaires to refinance college loans across America. Is it worth it? You bet it is, and I will tell my colleagues why. I don't begrudge millionaires their wealth if they have come by it legally, and I believe Mr. Buffett has. But they have an obligation to this great country that set the stage for their success, and that obligation is to be a good citizen, pay their taxes. That is what Mr. Buffett has suggested. He is willing to accept that responsibility.  And if we can refinance student loans, it doesn't just bring relief to these families, it does something else. Hannah Moore is living in her parents' basement with $148,000 in student loan debt and she is barely 30 years old. The thought of borrowing more money to go to a real college is out of the question. The thought of living in her own apartment is out of the question. The thought of buying a car? No way. For some young couples even having children is out of the question because of student debt. Do we see that when we bring this debt under control, we unleash a positive growing force in our economy where these young people can get back and participate--buy homes, buy cars, become full-fledged members of the economy again. So it not only brings relief to families and gives them a fair shot at a college education they can afford, it also can help our economy overall.  We don't have a single cosponsor from the other side of the aisle yet on this--not one. They are scared of the Buffett rule. The idea that millionaires might have to pay higher taxes scares them away. If they have a different pay-for, come on down. Let's hear the ideas. Let's actually have a dialogue on the Senate floor. How about that. That would be historic. And we could talk about solving a problem in America such as this runaway college debt and these awful for-profit colleges and universities.  We need to work together. What we have before us is the tax extender bill and a bill which involves a lot of different sections of the Tax Code. This bill is not paid for--by and large not paid for. Some of us believe that unemployment compensation, which was cut off for millions of Americans over the last several months, should be there to help them get back on their feet. When we suggest it to our Republican friends, they say: No, no, you have to either raise taxes, which we will oppose, or cut spending to pay for unemployment.  But when it comes to tax cuts for businesses, good or bad, they look the other way. They do not think that has to be paid for. I think helping unemployed Americans get back on their feet, find a job, take care of their families, is central to putting this economy on a glidepath to the future.  I hope as we measure the issues we can debate here on the floor of the Senate, we will start with those issues that interest the people we represent and that affect their lives and give working families a fighting chance.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Manchin). The Senator from New Mexico.  