 He said he wants to wait until tomorrow to hear some success stories about the Affordable Care Act. I am going to give him a preview tonight.  Ray Romanowski--62 years old, city of Chicago, musician, part-time employee, barrel-chested Polish guy who belongs in the city of Chicago--sat next to me at a clinic, patted his wallet and said: Guess what, Senator. I have health insurance for the first time in my life, and it feels good.  Judy takes care of hotel rooms down in southern Illinois, a place that I stay. She is over there in the hospitality room. Same story: 62 years old, worked every day she could and never had health insurance one day in her life. She was diagnosed with diabetes and, thank God, she now has, because of the Affordable Care Act, health insurance.  Those are just a couple of stories.  What the Senator from Wyoming did not tell you is that there are aspects of this Affordable Care Act which American families value. Do you have a child in your family who is sick with maybe asthma, diabetes? Is your wife a cancer survivor? In the old days before the Affordable Care Act, that meant it would be hard to get health insurance and, if you could, it would be very expensive.  So we changed it. We said: You cannot discriminate against families because somebody happens to be sick. Those of us who have raised families know that happens pretty regularly. So that protection is in the law, and it is a protection which some of the absolutists want to repeal. Get rid of it. Let's get back to the good old days when a sick child would basically disqualify a family from health insurance.  It used to be that insurance companies had odd ways of basically rating people when it came to premiums. One of the disabilities they identified was if the person seeking health insurance was a woman. They would discriminate against women seeking health insurance because it is possible they would become pregnant and more expensive. We did away with that discrimination as well.  Then there were lifetime limits. Madam President, $100,000 in health insurance coverage may sound great, but if you go into the hospital or see the doctor the next day and you are told you have cancer and have to face radiation, chemotherapy, and more, $100,000 will not last very long, and pretty soon you are into life savings and pretty soon after that you are into bankruptcy, something the Presiding Officer knows very well.  So we eliminated the lifetime limits on health insurance policies as part of the Affordable Care Act. I do not hear the Senator from Wyoming and others suggesting they want to go back to those days. Do they?  The bottom line is this: The Affordable Care Act is a good law. We wrote it and passed it without the help of any Republicans. Not a single one of them would step up and join us in this effort. Now they have done nothing for the last 4 years but criticize it.  I will say this. It is not perfect. It can be improved. I will invite the Senator from Wyoming, who is a medical doctor and a man I respect, to join us in improving it. Let's find a way to make it better. Let's fix it. There are things that can be fixed into law. That is what people sent us here to do. We can give speeches about how good or bad it is, but most Americans want it to work. They want health insurance that is affordable and available and accessible, and they want to make sure they are going to be treated fairly once they buy it.  I think the marketplaces we will tell you about are working for a lot of families, and we are going to come to the floor to tell those stories. I know the other side spent a long time talking about what they consider to be shortcomings, and there are some obvious shortcomings with the Affordable Care Act. The rollout was a disaster. Anybody who says otherwise was not paying attention. For 60 days we worked to get our Web sites up and running, and some of them still leave room to be desired, leave room for improvement.  But I talked to a businessman in Chicago last week, and he said: It is a good thing my business failures are not on the front page of the paper every day because I have made a lot of mistakes, but I keep going until I get it right. That is what we ought to do, keep going until we get it absolutely right.  We have a good start, trying to bring 60 million uninsured Americans under protection of health insurance, to allow people to shop for the best policy for their family. That is realistic.  I also want to add one thing. The critics of the Affordable Care Act assume that before we passed it, health insurance premiums did not increase. We know better. Particularly for those who had small businesses and individuals, their policies were canceled on average once every 24 months, and their health insurance premiums went up 12 to 20 percent.  A friend of mine has a small trucking company. He tried to cover his employees who worked for him and their families until one of the employees had a sick baby, and then the health insurance premiums went through the roof and they all were out on their own. With the help from the employer--what he used to pay each month--they had a helping hand looking for health insurance.  He went to buy health insurance for himself--himself, the owner of the company--and his wife. It turned out that if you turned in a claim this year for a problem you had with your foot, next year that company health insurance plan--the one he bought--would not cover anything related to your feet. So you slowly exclude all the possible claims that can be made for profitability. Then, in the end, you have a worthless health insurance policy.  Those were the old days. I would say to the Senator from Wyoming and his friends, we are not going back to the old days. We can improve this law. Let's work together to do it. But we are not going back to the days of discrimination based on preexisting conditions, lifetime limits on policies, discrimination against women, excluding children from the health insurance of their families--the things that really were wrong with the system.  Help us make it better, but do not just come here and complain. I think people expect us to be more positive and constructive.  Madam President, I rise in strong support of the Comprehensive Veterans Health and Benefits Act of 2014. Chairman Bernie Sanders of Vermont has put together a comprehensive improvement, which I support. He is new as chairman, but he is off to a flying start.  The bill reminds us of our obligations to veterans. I especially appreciate that he worked with me on a few priorities. It authorizes a new $10 million initiative in prosthetics and orthotics. Limb loss is one of the signature wounds of Iraq and Afghanistan. There are not enough medical professionals with the expertise needed to fit veterans with the best orthotic or prosthetic for their injuries.  Now the Department of Veterans Affairs can partner with universities to expand the number of master's degree programs so our wounded warriors continue to receive the best care.  This veterans package also addresses a problem I have been working to fix that allows veterans to consolidate student loans or participate in student loan forgiveness without penalty.  Congress capped the interest rate for servicemembers at 6 percent several years ago, but a loophole has prevented servicemembers from keeping that protection if they consolidate their student debt or enroll in the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program. This bill closes that loophole.  The bill makes sure veterans using their GI bill education benefits will pay instate tuition rates. Senator Sanders has a good bill when it comes to student loans.  There is one provision in it of special interest and importance to me. Several years ago one of our colleagues, a Senator from New York by the name of Hillary Clinton, came up with a great idea. Senator Clinton said: We ought to help the caregivers for disabled vets. I liked the idea a lot and was kind of envious that she came up with it first. Then she moved on to be Secretary of State. So I called her at the State Department and asked: Hillary, is it OK if I take up your bill on caregivers? She said: Be my guest. And I did. I introduced the Hillary Clinton caregivers bill, and ultimately, with the help of Senator Akaka and others, we passed it.  Here is what it says. If you had someone who was injured after 9/11 and disabled and you were prepared to give them care, we are going to help you. For that wife who stands by her husband, a husband who stands by his wife, a mother or father helping the disabledvet, here is what we will offer to you: first, the very best in skilled nursing training so you know how to take care of your veteran and do it the right way; secondly, a respite. Two weeks out of the year you get a vacation. We are going to send in some skilled nurses so you can go off and relax. You deserve it after spending 50 weeks caring for this veteran. Third, if you are in a bind economically, financially, we want to make sure you are going to have enough money to survive. So we offered a monthly stipend to those caregivers who are helping.  Let me tell you some stories that I think illustrate this so well, why it is important and why it is working.  In 2005, Eric Edmundson was a 26-year-old Army sergeant when he survived a roadside blast in Iraq. He went into cardiac arrest while waiting for a transport to a military hospital. His brain was deprived of oxygen for almost 30 minutes. He became a quadriplegic as a result of the injuries.  The VA basically told Eric's parents Ed and Beth that there was no hope and no place to turn. The doctors said Eric would spend the rest of his life in a vegetative state and he should be sent to a nursing home. His dad said not only no, but hell no, this is my 26-year-old son, and I am not giving up on him.  So Eric was transferred to the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago, which is where I first met him. His recovery was incredible. His mom and dad stayed by their son's side until the day when we proudly watched Eric, with a helping hand, literally walk out of the hospital in his dress uniform--a sign of dramatic progress in just a few months.  Today, he is living in North Carolina with his wife and two children--beautiful kids. His parents are his full-time caregivers, and they share their home with Eric and his wife.  But even these family caregivers like Ed and Beth need a helping hand. They told me about Hillary Clinton's bill, and they got me started. I am glad they did. Because now that it has become the law, 12,000 families just like theirs across America are getting the helping hand of the caregiver program. It helps the veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan, with their families, be where they want to be: at home with their families. If you want to get down to the bottom line, it saves the government money. It costs a lot more money to put people in VA facilities than to help these families keep the veterans at home where they want to be.  Let me show you one other one, which I think is a great story. This is the story of Yuriy Zmysly, who was a marine serving in Afghanistan and Iraq. He returned to the United States for what was going to be a routine surgery at a military hospital, but because of complications from the surgery, from an appendix procedure, he was left with a severe brain injury.  Aimee--who is shown right here in this picture--was his fiance at the time. When Yuriy reached the point where he came out in a state where he was in a wheelchair and struggling, Aimee said: I promised you I loved you and I was going to marry you and we are going through with it. And she did. She married Yuriy and stood by his side. They have a beautiful daughter Adelina, whom I met just a couple weeks ago in Chicago. She is 4 months old. It is for caregivers such as Aimee, who dropped everything and even dropped out of school to help care for this disabled vet Yuriy that this program is designed.  I am proud of this program. I think the 256--I think that is the right number--caregiver families in Illinois have a special helping hand as they help our disabled vets. We need to expand it. Bernie Sanders does just that. He expands this program beyond those veterans who were afflicted after 9/11 to those who were afflicted before, from previous conflicts, from previous service to our country.  This caregivers program is the right thing to do. These men and women who care for our disabled vets are truly saints and angels, and we ought to stand by them. Giving them a helping hand through this expansion of the caregivers program is right for America, it is right for our vets, and it is right for us to do for the men and women who risked their lives for our country.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  