The shooting claimed the lives of three innocent people. One was a son of Illinois, and 16 others were wounded.  As chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I often begin subcommittee hearings by quoting the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey. At his speech at the National Press Club 2 years ago, General Dempsey spoke about the number of challenges facing the military, from Afghanistan to sequestration, and the need to take care of our troops when they transition to civilian status. General Dempsey said: ``No matter how well we address the other challenges''--and I quote him--``if we don't get the people right, the rest of it doesn't matter.''  His words reflect a basic truth. More than weapons systems or stockpiles of ammunition, the strength of our military and the security of America depend on the men and women who volunteer to risk their lives for us.  Investigators are still trying to understand what happened as an Army specialist went on a shooting rampage at Fort Hood. Press reports speculated on a host of possible motives, from mental health difficulties following a recent deployment, grief over the death of his mother, and even financial pressure. As we wait for the answers to this tragedy, we are grateful for the discipline and bravery of the military policewoman who confronted the shooter and cut short what could have been an even worse tragedy. We are grateful for the military chaplain who shielded bystanders and helped them reach safety.  In my State of Illinois, we are mourning Army SGT Timothy Owens. He is from downstate, my neck of the woods, born in Effingham, IL, and dreamed of being a soldier since he was a little boy. He used to wear camouflage and bomber jackets with sunglasses to look like a soldier, in hopes that someday that would come true.  He went to high school in Rolla, MO, where he met Billy, the young woman who would later become his wife. They were married just last August.  After high school Tim and his family moved back to Effingham where Tim worked and taught tae kwon do in the local gym. In 2003 Tim Owens decided to pursue his life long dream. He enlisted in the U.S. Army. Sergeant Owens served proudly in Iraq and Afghanistan, and he recently signed up for 6 more years. His tours in Iraq and Afghanistan gave him special understanding and empathy for other soldiers who faced difficulties when they returned home. He used his skill and compassion in his work as a counselor at Fort Hood helping veterans deal with post traumatic stress disorder and other mental health challenges. It was a heartbreaking irony that Sergeant Owens was killed when he tried to persuade the shooter at Fort Hood to lay down his weapon. Sergeant Owens was 37 years old.  I offer my deepest condolences to Sergeant Owens' friends and family, especially his wife and his parents. Tim Owens served America honorably, and I know they are proud of him.  We also pray for the families of the other soldiers who lost their lives last week at Fort Hood and all those who were injured. Losing soldiers on friendly soil seems almost incomprehensible. Yet this is not the first time we have seen this sort of senseless death at a U.S. military facility. It is not even the first time we have seen it at Fort Hood.  Tomorrow at Fort Hood President Obama will lead a memorial service to honor those who died last week. As we remember the soldiers who were lost and pray for those who were wounded, we also need to ask ourselves if there is more that we can do to protect the members of our military and their families.  In the speech 2 years ago, General Dempsey said the vast majority of servicemembers end up stronger from the experience that they served. He said: ``They are disciplined, they are courageous . . . they have a sense of purpose.'' They are men and women we should be very proud of, and we are.  There are also a few who for some reason or another need help. Some may bear invisible wounds from war. As we wind down our involvement in Afghanistan, our task as a Nation is to get all of the people right, as General Dempsey reminded us. Servicemembers and veterans who are struggling with health issues, including mental health issues, need to get the care that is necessary to bring them back to a full participation in life.  Military families shouldn't have to struggle to put food on their table or a roof over their heads. A grateful Nation can do a lot better than that. No member of the military who risked his or her life overseas should have to worry about losing his or her life on a military base in America. In the midst of the tragedy last week many people at Fort Hood acted nobly and courageously, but something went terribly wrong.  We owe it to our servicemembers and their families to understand how this terrible loss happened so we can work to make sure it does not happen again.  Madam President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  