General McClellan was in charge of the Union troops, but he wouldn't use them. He sat encamped, intense, preparing for battle, and never going forward.  Lincoln, in his frustration, understood as he waited that the Confederate forces were getting stronger and the opportunities were slipping away. Lincoln sent a message to General McClellan. His message was this: If you are not going to use your Army, would you send it my way so I can use it?  I am reminded of that story when I address this issue on the floor of the Senate this morning because the issue I am going to address is the issue of immigration.  I come to this issue with personal and family experience, as so many Members of Congress do when it comes to an issue. In this circumstance, my mother was an immigrant to this country, and she was brought here at the age of 2 from Lithuania. Somehow my grandmother, with my aunt and uncle, made it across the ocean to Baltimore, landing in 1911, and then catching a train heading for the land of opportunity--East St. Louis, IL, which is where many Lithuanian families gathered and where my grandfather was waiting.  That was the city of my birth. My mother grew up there speaking Lithuanian and English--an immigrant family who worked hard and struggled. From family stories, I know they had little or nothing in their lives but the hope that the next generation, their children, would have a better life.  That is my story. That is my family's story, but that is America's story, too.  If we chart immigration as an issue in the course of America, we will find something very interesting. Political parties that become anti-immigrant parties eventually wither and disappear. Why? Because they are denying the fundamentals of America. They are saying that we are going to close the doors and pull up the ladder, and we don't need any more of those people.  We do need more of those people because the immigrant families who come to this country bring more than just determination and strength and a work ethic. They bring a level of courage that many families can't muster. These are families in different parts of the world who say at some point we are going to America. We may not speak the language, we may not even know what will happen to us once we arrive, but we are going to America--and they do. The vast majority of them who come to this country stay and make a difference. They sacrifice. They work night and day, but their moment comes when they become part of America. They are proud of where they came from but even more proud of the fact that they are part of the United States of America.  When any political party in history has decided to make anti-immigration their standard and their value, they have withered and disappeared as they should. They are ignoring and turning their back on who we are--what America is all about.  I was part of a group 2 years ago. We sat down--four Democratic Senators and four Republican Senators--and we worked for months to write a comprehensive immigration reform bill. I will tell you the names of the Senators so you know there was no secret deal here. John McCain led the Republicans, the former Republican candidate for President of the United States. By his side was Lindsey Graham, Republican from South Carolina--it was not exactly viewed as a liberal State but a very conservative one--and Marco Rubio of Florida, whose father and mother were immigrants to this country, refugees from Cuba; and Jeff Flake of Arizona, a conservative Republican by every measure. That was the team on the Republican side of the table.  On our side of the table we were led by Chuck Schumer, from the State of New York, chairman of the immigration subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee. I joined him as a member of the Judiciary Committee and someone that has been involved in some of these issues for a long time. There was Bob Menendez, the head of the Democratic Hispanic Caucus, which is a caucus of one at this point, by himself, the son of Cuban refugees who came to the United States; and Michael Bennet of Colorado. The eight of us sat down for months, literally for months, hours at a time, sometimes angry and ready to walk out of the room.  We wrote a bill, a 200-page bill to rewrite the immigration laws in America, to fix the broken immigration system. Then we took it to committee, and the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Patrick Leahy, had open hearings and allowed any amendment to be offered that anyone wished.  Then we brought it to the floor after it was reported from the committee. We again gave an opportunity for amendments to be offered. Significant amendments were offered. Senator Corker of Tennessee offered an amendment to even strengthen what was a very strong border security section of this bill. The net result of that of course was we brought it to a vote.  I will tell you, it was an incredible day, because on June 27 of 2013 we passed, on the floor of the Senate, comprehensive immigration reform by a vote of 68 to 32. Fourteen Republicans joined the Democrats in a bipartisan effort to fix our broken immigration system. It was a proud moment. We had the support of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. We had the support of organized labor. We had every major religious group in America supporting our efforts. We had the ultraconservative Grover Norquist supporting this and liberals as well came together and said: Finally, we are going to do something about our broken immigration system.  But under the law of the land, passing in the Senate is not enough. The measure was then sent over to the House of Representatives on June 27, 2013. Today, November 19, 2014, the Republican-led House of Representatives has not only failed to have a hearing on this bill, it has refused to bring this bill to the floor, it has refused to bring any immigration bill to the floor. They refuse to address the obvious. We have a broken immigration system. We need to come up with a fair solution to it.  They refuse to act. It is within their power to call that bill today, as it has been every day since June 27, 2013, but for a year and a half the House Republican leadership has refused to act. Oh, they tempted us. They teased us time and again: We are thinking about it. We are going to put out a list of principles that we Republicans believe in, in the House of Representatives. We are going to tell you that maybe we would support something like the DREAM Act--maybe. We are going to tell you we want strong border enforcement, which of course the bill already has.  They have said all of those things and have done nothing. I am reminded of President Lincoln saying to General McClellan: If you are not going to use your Army, may I borrow it? The House Republicans have refused to address the immigration issue almost entirely, with one exception. They did call one immigration matter to the floor. It was one of the most hateful pieces of legislation which I have seen.  Here is what it said. Before they adjourned in August, the Republicans in the House of Representatives passed a measure with only four of their Members refusing to vote for it. Here is what it said. We have created an opportunity for about 2 million children brought to this country who have lived good lives, finished school, have no problems with the law and want to become part of America. The President has created an Executive order giving these children a chance to come forward, register with the government, pay their filing fee, and not be deported.  Madam President, 600,000 of them have taken advantage of that. This is called DACA. The President's Executive order gives them a chance to live in America, to go to school in America, to get a job in America, to make this a better nation. So 600,000 have done it. We believe 1.4 million more are eligible. They have not signed up yet.  So the Republican House of Representatives, in August, before they adjourned, passed a measure which said: The remaining 1.6 million who may be eligible for this protection cannot be allowed to be part of the DACA Program. Those 1.6 million young people should be subject to deportation--deportation.  Think about that for a moment; brought here at the age of 2 or 3 as infants, living in the United States their entire lives, standing in classrooms across America every morning pledging allegiance to the only flag they have ever known, and the Republicans voted, with an overwhelming majority, to deport them--to deport them.  That is not bad enough. That overwhelming vote that they cast, that hateful vote that they cast--they were so proud of themselves, that after voting they stood and applauded themselves. What a great moment in their minds for the House of Representatives.  