President, I wish to take a moment to thank a longtime member of my staff who is leaving the Senate after 27 years of service to Congress. Alan Bruce is not technically from Illinois, but he is from Indiana--in this case, close enough. The fact is that he served the people of Illinois in an extraordinary way during his time on Capitol Hill.  For the last 22 years Alan has been my systems administrator. He joined my staff in 1992 when I was a Member of the House and moved with me to the Senate in 1997. He is the person most responsible for keeping my offices in Illinois and Washington connected electronically to each other and to the world outside the Senate. He oversees our network of desktop and laptop computers, BlackBerrys, cell phones, and all the rest.  Over the years, he taught me a lot of things, and there was a lot to learn, everything from how to make my computer work, dealing with email, saving a digital photo, and how to Skype. He has been a good teacher and a hard-working, loyal member of my staff.  In an age when most people change employers and even careers repeatedly, Alan is unusual. The U.S. Congress is the only employer he has had since he graduated from Cumberlands College--now the University of the Cumberlands--in Williamsburg, KY, in 1986. He didn't plan to come to work on Capitol Hill. Six weeks after he graduated from college, he was getting ready for an interview to become a manager of a Radio Shack in Fort Wayne, IN.  On the morning of the interview, his mom said: You don't really want to do this, do you?  Alan said: No, I really don't. My heart is not in it.  Well, that day happened to be Saturday. It was also the day of the annual Circus City Days parade in Alan's hometown of Peru, IN. Alan canceled his interview at Radio Shack, and he and his mom instead went to the parade. Working the parade line that day was a new candidate for the House of Representatives--a man who would later become a friend of mine when we served together. His name was Jim Jontz. Jim introduced himself to Alan and Alan's mother and learned that Alan just graduated from college and, in fact, was looking for a job. Radio Shack's loss was Congressman Jontz's gain--and my gain as well. A few days after that parade Alan was working as a volunteer driver for Jim's campaign.  When Jim won his election, he hired Alan to work in his Kokomo, IN, office helping constituents on matters related to military and veterans affairs. It was a good fit. Alan grew up in a military family. His dad, Phillip ``Bud'' Bruce, was a career Air Force man. In 1989 Alan moved to Washington to work in Congressman Jontz's DC office as system administrator. Managing a congressional computer network in those days was a lot different. The Internet was still an obscure tool used mostly by elite researchers. People didn't have email. Back then, high-tech communications meant fax machines. Computers were used mainly for keeping lists--data entry. Cell phones were a perk of just the wealthy few. Almost no one had ever heard of Web sites, and smart phones, YouTube, Twitter, and Flickr--nobody even imagined what that meant.  Alan joined my staff as systems administrator in 1992. To give a sense of how dramatically his world changed, consider this: In 1997, my first year in the Senate, I received 30,000 pieces of mail--that is real mail--through the U.S. Postal Service. Last year my office received 600,000 pieces of mail, and only about 2 to 3 percent went through the post office; the rest were emails. However constituents reach out--whether by the postal service or email--Alan works with the rest of my staff to make sure their letters are answered.  The technological revolution is only one of the big societal changes Alan has taken part in in the last 25 years on Capitol Hill. Alan was an early leader in Congress among staff to end workplace discrimination against lesbian and gay congressional staffers. In the early- to mid-1990s, he was an early board member of what was then called Lesbian and Gay Congressional Staffers Association. The association held frequent brown-bag lunches to brief other staffers on issues of importance to lesbian and gay Americans, including the don't ask, don't tell policy and the Federal Defense of Marriage Act. Today, both don't ask, don't tell and DOMA are history. Federal employees who are legally married to same-sex spouses receive the same Federal privileges and responsibilities as other married Federal workers.  As Alan prepares to start the next phase of his life in sunny Tampa, FL, I want to thank him again both for keeping my office connected to the larger world and, of course, to the State of Illinois and for keeping the U.S. Congress as an employer, moving toward the American ideal of equality and justice for all.  I yield the floor.  