President, this week, the Senate confirmed Bob McDonald as the new Secretary of the VA and today we passed a compromise veterans bill that will help repair the overwhelmed Veterans Health Administration. These are two steps in the right direction to help the men and women who serve in our military receive the care they need when they come home.  Bob McDonald is an excellent choice to head the VA. I met with McDonald soon after he was nominated for this position and there is no doubt he is eager to take on the task of seeing that the VA honors its promise to the men and women of our armed services. McDonald ran Proctor and Gamble for several years and knows what it means to put the customer first. At the VA, veterans are the customers and we have to provide them with the best service possible. McDonald is a veteran, a West Point grad, and best of all, he is from Arlington Heights, IL. I am confident he is the right person for this difficult job.  After an internal audit, the VA confirmed whistleblower assertions that many VA employees manipulated waitlists to make wait times look better than they really were. The agency found that in some cases, staff intimidated schedulers into falsifying data. This is unacceptable.  I visited the Hines VA Hospital near Chicago last Friday where I met with Joan Ricard, director of the facility, and Rob Nabors, President Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff, who is overseeing the investigation into problems at the VA. We discussed some problems identified by whistleblowers at Hines pertaining to waitlists and other issues.  I am pleased that the Senate adopted the Veterans bill conference report. The House passed the bill 420-to-5 yesterday. VA Committee Chairman Sanders worked very hard both with Members across the aisle and in the House to put this bill together. It will begin to fix some of the problems identified by the various investigations into misconduct at VA medical facilities.  This bill will allow the Secretary to fire senior staff who are not doing their job or who lied about secret waitlists. It will create 27 new VA health facilities to expand capacity, including a new research lab at Hines in Chicago. That research lab is 100-years-old and in dire need of repair. The new lease will help make it usable again.  This legislation will make it easier for veterans to get the care they need outside the VA system if necessary. Now, any enrolled veteran who lives more than 40-miles from the nearest VA facility or who would have to wait too long for an appointment will be able to go to a private doctor. We need to get those waitlists down, and this is one way to make sure veterans are seen.  The IG investigation has cited a shortage of doctors, nurses, and other staff as being partly to blame for the waitlist problem. There simply is not enough staff to see all the veterans who need treatment. The bill also provides $5 billion to hire new staff.  These are improvements we can all agree on.  Some have expressed concern about the cost of this bill but caring for veterans is part of the cost of going to war. We spent $1.7 trillion in the Iraq War alone. We can spend $12 billion to honor the promise we made to our servicemembers.  When we talk about war, we are not just talking about the thousands of people who died in Iraq and Afghanistan. We're talking about 200,000 men and women who came home with major injuries, both those we can see and some we cannot. We are talking about people with post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury, people missing limbs and those who lost hearing or eyesight. Veterans who are entitled to healthcare services should get the best healthcare they can, and they should get it in a timely manner.  There is no question that we need to fix this health care system. Where misconduct has been identified, those responsible should face the consequences, criminal or otherwise. The Sanders-Miller compromise is a good step in that direction. Secret waitlists and failures to provide care do not reflect the promise we made to the men and women who serve this country. Wars create veterans and veterans need medical care. Caring for servicemembers is part of the cost of going to war.  