President, a generation ago, an AIDS diagnosis meant a sure and agonizing death. It was 23 years ago, when I was in the House of Representatives, when I was walking to the Chamber for a vote when I saw a colleague and friend, Tom McMillen, a Congressman from Maryland, coming my way. You would not miss Tom McMillen. He played in the NBA. He was tall. As he passed by on the sidewalk, he stopped and said: Magic has AIDS. It was a stunning announcement that Magic Johnson had been diagnosed with AIDS. The reality is that was 23 years ago. At the time we felt this was a death verdict, there was no way to escape it.  Last month American researchers revealed that a second American baby born with HIV has apparently been cured of the virus with drugs delivered just minutes after birth.  How far we have come in 23 years--from an AIDS diagnosis meaning certain death to being able to cure for the second time a baby born with HIV with drugs delivered minutes after birth.  These babies were treated as part of a research program at the National Institutes of Health. Their apparent cures offer real hope for a quarter of a million babies who were born into the world this year with HIV--many of them in desperately poor nations.  It is not the only happening when it comes to medical research, by a long shot. In my home State of Illinois, Dr. Jose Oberholzer from the University of Illinois-Chicago and Dr. Xunrong Luo from Northwestern University are among scores of researchers throughout the country on an NIH-sponsored project to find a cure for Type 1 diabetes.  Do you know anyone with type 1 diabetes? I do. To think that we are close enough to even consider the possibility of a cure should spur us all on to want more research in this area done as quickly as possible.  These two doctors are part of an effort called the Clinical Islet Transplantation Consortium. Islets are a group of beta cells in the pancreas that produce insulin. Type 1 diabetes destroys these cells. Transplanting healthy beta cells into the liver of someone with type 1 diabetes can enable the person's body to start producing insulin on its own--a functional cure for type 1 diabetes.  This is not just a theory; it is starting to show results when it comes to this clinical research.  Why do I raise these amazing medical research stories on the floor of the Senate? Because the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives each year vote on how much money we are going to put into the National Institutes of Health, and we have had some sad outcomes in recent years.  Did you know that over the last 10 years we have been unwilling to give the National Institutes of Health even a cost-of-living adjustment? So each year they have fallen behind in medical research just because of inflation. They have fallen behind 22 percent in awarding research grants such as the ones I just described because we have failed to provide a cost-of-living adjustment for them.  Does anyone believe we are saving money by cutting back on medical research? If they do, they are just plain wrong.  They had a program announced about a month ago at NIH called the AMP Program. It is a new undertaking. The 10 largest pharmaceutical companies have put up $150 million--not a great amount of money for successful pharmaceutical companies but an investment--to be matched by NIH, and they are setting out to use human genomic mapping and cell information to find cures for Alzheimer's, type 1 diabetes, and rheumatoid arthritis.  Can we afford this? Can we afford this research? Do you know what we paid last year in Medicare and Medicaid just for Alzheimer's patients? It was $203 billion--1 year. If we can, through our research, find a way to at least delay, if not cure, Alzheimer's, think of the misery that will be spared these poor families who suffer from Alzheimer's and think of the money we will save.  Are we so shortsighted as a nation that we have forgotten that medical research not only finds cures but saves us money that would otherwise be spent for medical care?  That is why I introduced, 2 weeks ago, the American Cures Act. It is different. There are not a lot of proposals like it before Congress. What I am doing with this proposal is trying to get Congress, on both sides of the aisle, in both Chambers, to make a commitment to American medical research, American cures.  Here is the commitment: Over the next 10 years, I want a commitment that we will increase the funding in medical research beyond inflation 5 percent a year--5 percent--for the National Institutes of Health, for the Centers for Disease Control, the Department of Defense medical research, and the Veterans' Administration medical research.  What is the cost of that? The cost of that is $150 billion over 10 years--to make a commitment to go forward on medical research. It is a lot of money. It is a lot of money until you consider what the cost is each year of Alzheimer's--$200 billion--not to mention the cost of diabetes, arthritis, and so many other illnesses and diseases that call for huge investments when it comes to medical care.  Where in the world can we get $150 billion over 10 years? Where could we possibly find it? Let me give you a starting place. Increase the Federal tax on tobacco products by 95 cents. I am for that. I will tell you why I am for it. I have been fighting tobacco as long as I have been in Congress--the House and Senate--and what I have discovered is, if you want to discourage young people from smoking, taking up tobacco addictions that will ultimately cost them their lives, raise the price of the product. They stop buying it.  In my lifetime, we have seen the percentage of Americans smoking cut inhalf. So raising that tobacco tax gives us money for medical research and reduces the likelihood that people will become addicted to nicotine and tobacco.  Mr. President, 700,000 Americans will not take up the tobacco habit if we raise that tax 95 cents. It is money well spent on medical research.  If we do not do this, what happens? We fail to find the cures for diseases, we continue to make massive expenditures in Medicare and Medicaid and other health programs, and we watch the world pass us by.  If the United States decides to retreat when it comes to biomedical research, other countries are ready to step in. Now, today, China is investing 12 to 20 percent more each year in government research and medical research--each year. In 8 years China will surpass the United States in dollars spent on government research and medical research. Are we ready to let that happen? I hope not.  For the sake of the people who live in this country who need cures for these diseases, and help, for the sake of the cost to our health care system that all of this medical challenge presents, and if we want to maintain a lead when it comes to researchers and doctors and hospitals, it is time for us on a bipartisan basis to make a commitment to medical research.  I hope others will join in cosponsoring this American Cures Act. A number have done this already, and I thank them for joining me. One of them is on the floor, my colleague from California Mrs. Boxer. She is always by my side. We have fought a lot of these battles together. And the list goes on: Senators Reed, Brown, Hirono, Feinstein, Gillibrand, Cardin, Hagen, Casey, Markey, and Mikulski, and we are just getting started. I might also say that Congresswoman Anna Eshoo is cosponsoring this measure in the House.  I cannot think of a more important thing that we can do to make this a better, safer nation, to reward research, to find cures for diseases, and to make sure our country continues to lead the world when it comes to biomedical research.  I hope my colleagues will join me in cosponsoring this legislation.  I yield the floor.  