Sister Simone Campbell is executive director of NETWORK, a national Catholic social justice lobby. She is also one of the organizers of Nuns on the Bus, Catholic nuns who have traveled all over the United States speaking out on issues of social justice.  She has sent us a statement opposing the Ayotte amendment. It is a lengthy statement. I will not read it all, but I do want to read several parts that I think are important. Sister Simone Campbell says:       To set the record straight, children targeted by [the      Ayotte amendment] do exist and they do live in the U.S. Four      million of them are U.S. citizens and others are ``little      DREAMers,'' young children brought to this country by their      families. Under existing tax laws, their families may apply      for the child tax credit if they qualify financially. If      fraud is suspected, the solution is not to deny all eligible      children access to this critical antipoverty program. That is      cruel and ineffective.  Those are the words of Sister Simone Campbell in reference to this proposed amendment. She concludes by saying:       Responsible leaders in Congress should look into their      hearts and reject proposals like this one pushed by [Senator]      Ayotte. This political tactic is not good for our economy or      the wellbeing of our entire nation--especially children who      are the future of our country. We are better than this.  I agree with Sister Campbell. Why is it, week after week, from the other side of the aisle, from the other side of the Rotunda, we hear proposal after proposal to make it harder for working families, and particularly lower income families, to get by in America?  When we talked about unemployment benefits for those who have lost their jobs so they can find additional work, only four Republicans Senators would step up and join us in that effort. When we talk about extending the minimum wage so that those who get up and go to work every single day have a fighting chance, the opposition consistently comes from the other side of the aisle.  Now we have before us this proposal to change the Tax Code to the disadvantage of the poorest workers and the poorest families and the poorest children in America. We are better than this. Sister Campbell is right. I would say to my colleagues, if you believe in the DREAM Act--and many of you have said you do--you cannot vote for the Ayotte amendment without realizing what it does to these children. To impoverish these children on 1 day in the Senate, and before that say that we think they should be citizens some day--we have to have a consistent moral ethic when it comes to the way we treat children in America.  Denying children the most basics in life, whether it is food stamps or assistance on the tax returns of their parents, is just not what America should be about. This Ayotte amendment will really call into question our dedication to these kids and their families. 