President, I wish to thank the majority leader for his comments, and I will be very brief because I know the Senator from Iowa has a statement he wants to make.  Let me just say that the statement made on the floor earlier this afternoon by the Republican leader never once addressed the issue pending before the Senate. Pending before the Senate is an emergency unemployment insurance bill that will provide benefits to 1.3 million Americans who are out of work and for 8 days now have been receiving no assistance whatsoever. Imagine the struggles they are facing.  That is why we called this bill first when we returned from our holiday recess. We consider it a priority. We were heartened yesterday when six Republicans joined us to move this bill forward. It gave us hope that we were going to do something to get this done in a timely way to help a lot of deserving people all across the United States.  We hoped today, when the Republican leader from Kentucky came to the floor, that he would address the urgency and necessity of this bill. He did not. As Senator Reid has said, he wanted to talk about the Senate rules.  The Senate rules are important, make no mistake. But they are certainly not as important as providing essential benefits, essential relief and help to 1.3 million unemployed Americans--people who are trying to pay their utility bills, avoid eviction, put gas in the car, and go out and find a job. That is a higher priority, and I had hoped the Republican leader would address it. Instead, he wants to talk about the rules.  What the Senator from Nevada, our majority leader, has said is a matter of record. It is still amazing to consider this: Nearly half of all the filibusters waged on nominations in the history of the United States of America have been waged under the leadership of Republican Senator McConnell during the Obama Presidency--nearly half. In the history of the United States, 168 nominees have been filibustered; 82 occurred under the leadership of the Republican Senator from Kentucky during the Obama administration.  In the history of the United States, 23 district court nominees have been filibustered--in our entire history. Twenty have been filibustered under the leadership of the Republican Senator from Kentucky during the Obama administration--20 out of 23. Nearly half of all the nominations that have been filibustered: under this Senate Republican leadership. Is there any wonder why the rules needed to be changed?  We look at the wait time of those who finally get out of committee and sit on the calendar waiting indefinitely. It breaks my heart to think of the fine women and men who are willing to offer their lives in public service, go through extensive background checks, make the necessary personal sacrifices, and languish on our calendar for no earthly reason.  In the end many of them have been approved with overwhelming votes, and yet they have been subjected to these incessant Republican filibusters. The case involving our colleague, Congressman Mel Watt of North Carolina, is one of the most egregious. It is the first time, I believe, since 1843 that a sitting Member of Congress has faced a filibuster in the Senate when appointed to a Presidential nomination. Finally, we broke that after the rules change. I was heartened to see that Congressman Watt was sworn in yesterday to this position dealing with America's housing challenges.  But that was an example of an outrageous filibuster against a colleague, a fellow Member of Congress, a Member of the House of Representatives. The coup de grace, of course, was the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, where we offered three well-qualified nominees to fill obvious vacancies on that Court, and they were stopped by the Republican filibusters, one after the other without any complaint about their qualifications, well qualified for this position to serve on the DC Circuit Court.  It was not until Senator Reid lead us in changing the Senate rules that we finally found this necessary relief. It is time for us to return to the issue at hand. Pending before the Senate is emergency unemployment benefits for 1.3 million Americans. As important as a rules debate may be to some in this Chamber, there is nothing more important than to deal with this in a timely way. I hope the Republicans will take the advice of the leader that he gave at the end of his remarks, produce for us their pay-for, if that is the course that they want to follow, for us to pay for those unemployment benefits for the coming year. We are waiting for their response. In the meantime, I hope that some will come forward and join us in what has traditionally been a bipartisan effort to help those in America seeking work.  I yield the floor.  