 Ms. Rosenstengel has the experience, integrity and judgment to be an outstanding member of the Federal bench. She has been nominated to fill the judgeship in the East St. Louis courthouse that was left vacant by the retirement of Judge G. Patrick Murphy last December. This vacancy has been designated as a judicial emergency, and I am glad that the Senate is moving forward to fill it.  Ms. Rostenstengel knows the East St. Louis Federal courthouse well. She currently serves as the Clerk of Court for the Southern District, a position she has held for the last 5 years. In this capacity, she serves as the chief administrative officer for the court and handles the day-to-day management of its functions. She has received widespread praise for her skillful handling of the court's operations and policies.  Previously, Ms. Rosenstengel worked in private practice at the law firm Sandberg, Phoenix and von Gontard, and she served for 11 years as a judicial law clerk to Judge Murphy, the judge she has been nominated to replace. As Judge Murphy's career law clerk, Ms. Rosenstengel assisted him in hundreds of civil and criminal proceedings. It is hard to imagine better training for a judgeship than the work Ms. Rosenstengel performed for over a decade at Judge Murphy's side.  Ms. Rosenstengel was born in Alton and currently lives in Belleville. She received her B.A. from the University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign and her J.D. from Southern Illinois University School of Law.  Ms. Rosenstengel's nomination is historic. No woman has ever before served as an Article III Federal judge in the Southern District of Illinois. Upon confirmation, Nancy Rosenstengel will be the first. And she will do an outstanding job serving the people of the Southern District. She was recommended to me by a bipartisan screening committee that I established to review judicial candidates for the Southern District. I was proud to recommend her name to the President, and I appreciate the support of my colleague Senator Kirk for her nomination.  Ms. Rosenstengel had her hearing before the Judiciary Committee in January. In February, she was reported out of committee by a unanimous voice vote. In short, she is an outstanding nominee and I urge my colleagues to support her confirmation.  