 We heard compelling testimony from our colleagues, including Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, and Congressman Keith Ellison of Minnesota. We also heard from civil rights leaders Wade Henderson and Laura Murphy, and from Dr. Cedric Alexander of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives.  It was a powerful hearing. We talked about Michael Brown of Ferguson Missouri, Eric Garner of Staten Island, and the growing sentiment across our Nation that the criminal justice system needs to be improved.  In particular, we talked about challenges that our Nation faces when it comes to restoring the trust of the minority communities in our government. Every witness, every Senator at the hearing agreed. We need to do more--not just wring our hands but to hold hands together and find solutions.  One issue we discussed at the hearing was the need for law enforcement to be more transparent. We discussed important legislation--called the Death in Custody Reporting Act--that would mark a significant step forward when it comes to transparency. The Death in Custody Reporting Act would take the simple step of requiring States and Federal law enforcement agencies to report to the Department of Justice basic statistical information regarding deaths that occur in law enforcement custody. This would include information about the name of the deceased, when the death occurred, how it occurred, and which agency was involved. It would apply when a person is being arrested or detained by local, State, or Federal law enforcement and when a person is incarcerated. The bill also directs the Attorney General to study this information and provide recommendations on how these deaths can be reduced.  It seems like such a simple matter to require accurate information to be collected. In fact, Congress used to require that information, but it expired in 2006. As a result, we have not had accurate national statistics regarding deaths in incarceration and custody.  Last week the Wall Street Journal reported that it surveyed police departments about deaths that occurred in police custody between 2007 and 2012 and found that more than 550 deaths occurred during that time and were not included in national statistics.  As we engage in a national conversation about reforming police tactics, we need accurate data in order to make the right reforms. At our hearing, our witnesses from the civil rights and law enforcement community agreed it was time to start gathering this information.  I am pleased that last night at the end of the session, the Senate passed the Death in Custody Reporting Act by unanimous consent. It is an important step forward toward transparency, accountability, and restoring confidence.  Let me give credit where it is due. For years this legislation has been championed by my friend Congressman Bobby Scott of Virginia. I commend him for his dedicated efforts. I also commend my colleague Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, who has strongly advocated for this bill in the Senate, including in our hearing on Tuesday.  Let me also give thanks to Patrick Leahy, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and House Judiciary Committee ranking member John Conyers for their support of this legislation.  This is not a partisan bill. It passed the House last year by a voice vote. Now it has cleared the Senate and is on its way to the President. The passage of this legislation shows that we can work together across the aisle and make progress. Make no mistake--we have a lot of work to do to improve the state of civil rights in America. There are many more steps we must take to restore the confidence of all Americans in our criminal justice system. The passage of this legislation by Congress is an important step in the right direction.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  