. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. I was proud to chair Justice White's nomination hearing before the Judiciary Committee in May.  Justice White has the experience, the integrity, and the qualifications to be an outstanding district court judge.  He came from humble beginnings. He was born in St. Louis to teenage parents and grew up poor in a segregated neighborhood. He has worked since age 11 to help make ends meet and to put himself through college at St. Louis University and law school at the University of Missouri-Kansas City.  Justice White went on to accomplish great things in his legal career--most notably, becoming the first African-American Supreme Court Justice and Chief Justice in Missouri's history. It was a powerful moment when Justice White was sworn in to the Missouri Supreme Court. The ceremony took place at a courthouse where slaves were once sold on the steps.  I am pleased that the Senate is voting today on Justice White's nomination to the Federal bench.  It is not often that the Senate gets the chance to correct a historic mistake, But by confirming Ronnie White to the Federal bench, we will be able to do so.  Justice White's previous nomination to the district court was defeated on the Senate floor in 1999 on a partyline vote. At the time, the claim was made that Justice White was ``pro-criminal.'' This was a grossly inaccurate claim, both then and now.  Over his long career as an attorney and a judge, Justice White has been widely recognized as fair, unbiased, and committed to the rule of law. Just read the letter from the Missouri State Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police in support of Justice White's nomination. The Missouri FOP said:       As front line law enforcement officers, we recognize the      important need to have jurists such as Ronnie White, who have      shown themselves to be tough on crime, yet fair and      impartial. As a former justice on the Missouri Court of      Appeals and as the Chief Justice of the Missouri Supreme      Court, Ronnie White has proven that he has the experience and      requisite attributes to be a quality addition to the U.S.      District Court. We can think of no finer or more worthy      nominee.  This is a compelling endorsement from the Missouri FOP.  In 2001 I had the opportunity to ask Justice White in a hearing before the Judiciary Committee about the allegation that he was somehow hostile to law enforcement. Here was his response. He said:       That is not true that I was opposed to law enforcement.      Senator Durbin, I have a brother-in-law who is a police      officer in St. Louis. I have a cousin who is a police officer      in St. Louis. I have served on boards and commissions with      police officers in the St. Louis community, and I also, when      I was city counselor for the city of St. Louis, was the      lawyer for the St. Louis City Police Department and we      defended police officers. As a judge, all I have tried to do      is to apply the law as best I could and the way I saw it.  Overall, Justice White's track record shows that his judicial decisions were well within the legal mainstream and were supported by precedent and legal authority. His decisions showed respect for the rule of law, even in hard cases that involved difficult or emotional facts.  The bottom line is that Justice White is a man with integrity, a wealth of judicial experience, and a real respect for the law. He is going to be an outstanding Federal judge.  I urge my colleagues to support this nomination and to put this good man on the Federal bench.  