President, the great Cesar Chavez once said: ``If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him . . . the people who give you their food give you their heart.''  That is true. Sometimes they give you more than that. Sometimes they give you an adventure in eating that you will never forget.  That is what happened to me when, in January, I was invited by Mark Pryor to be his guest at a legendary Arkansas political event. I am talking about the historic, well-known, annual Gillett, AR, coon supper.  Never heard of the Gillet coon supper in Arkansas? It is to Arkansas what Tom Harkin's steak fry is to Iowa, only it is nonpartisan, it draws about 1,200, and unfortunately they don't serve steak.  Coon is raccoon served in large buckets. Folks just reach inside and pull out a chunk of coon, as they say in Gillett.  I was there that night with Mark Pryor. I wanted to make sure I had my best manners as a visiting guest. I was certainly appreciative of the invitation to a packed room with the Governor and every walking politician in Arkansas. Bill Clinton had been there over and over again in his terms as Governor. He never missed that supper, and we weren't about to miss it that evening.  I watched as they put these bowls of coon and other meats on the table, and I noticed something interesting. All of the visitors like myself had bowls of coon put in front of them. All the folksfrom Arkansas were eating out of the beef platter. It struck me that perhaps this was a delicacy they were saving just for guests. We asked for advice from Mark Pryor about the proper selection of the cooked coon, and he said: Get one with a big bone because they have the least amount of meat on them.  So we followed his advice, nibbled at the corners, smiled, and said what a great dinner it was. We looked around and saw that only a handful of the local people from Arkansas were actually eating the delicacy of the evening, including one old fellow whom I went up to afterwards to introduce myself to who was wearing a real coonskin cap. He told me he shot the raccoon and this cap had been in his family for a long time. He passed it on to his daughter first, of course, and then to his grandson.  Mark Twain, another Mark, it turns out, loved roasted raccoon as well, but he always kept an open mind when it came to the issues of the day, including the issue of the afterlife.  Mark Twain once said: ``I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell--you see, I have friends in both places.'' One reason Mark Pryor has been such a good Senator is that he has friends on both sides of the aisle. We just heard this warm tribute to Mark Pryor from my friend Susan Collins of Maine, and I am sure others will join the chorus on both sides.  Mark Pryor is a man of deep faith who takes seriously the admonition from the book of the prophet Isaiah: ``Come now, let us reason together.''  Like Kay Hagan and Mark Udall in our caucus, Mark Pryor has politics and public service in his bloodstream. Mark Lunsford Pryor is the fifth generation of Pryors to serve in politics in his State. The first three generations served as sheriffs.  Mark Pryor served 4 years in the Arkansas House of Representatives and 4 years as Arkansas attorney general. In 2002, the people of Arkansas elected him to the Senate, the same seat his father David held in the Senate for 18 years. Mark Pryor placed on his desk the same motto that his father placed on his. It read, simply: ``Arkansas Comes First.''  But he made his own decisions, and he left a considerable mark in the Senate. Halfway through his freshman term, a new Member himself, Mark Pryor was called on to join forces with the lions of the Senate--John Warner, Robert C. Byrd, and Danny Inouye--to forge a compromise over judicial nominations that averted a threat to a bigger confrontation. That compromise, Mark said, was the result of perspiration, not inspiration.  I disagree. It involved the inspiration of a young Senator from Arkansas who realized that public service often meant trying to work together and to reason together and to try to break down in your own individual fashion the dysfunction of Washington.  I worked with Mark on so many things over the years. As a whip I went to him many times, and we talked about difficult votes. I always found him to be honest, straightforward, and highly principled. We didn't always come to the same conclusion on the vote, but I respected him every time because I knew he gave thoughtful consideration to both sides. When it came to his vote, he was going to do what was right in his own heart and especially what was right for Arkansas. I knew that would make the final decision when it came to the vote.  I also want to put in a word of thanks to Mark as a grandfather of two 3-year-olds who are anxiously awaiting for the arrival of Santa Claus in just a few weeks. You see, Mark had the responsibility of reforming the Consumer Product Safety Commission. It was an assignment long overdue. That commission was grinding to a halt. It was not exercising its authority, and it wasn't keeping Americans safe, as it should. Mark stepped up, in a bipartisan fashion. He stepped up, and he ended up strengthening the Consumer Product Safety Commission through his efforts on the Senate commerce committee. That will keep toxic toys and harmful products out of stores.  Many people recognize what Mark Pryor contributed in that effort. Parents magazine applauded Mark Pryor as one of the three movers and shakers in Washington in the year 2005 for his work on the Consumer Product Safety Commission--work that continues to this day to keep America safer. Consumer protection has always been a hallmark of Mark's service, dating back to his days in Arkansas as attorney general and certainly as a Senator.  Fewer than 2,000 men and women have ever had the privilege of serving in the Senate. In our entire history, with hundreds of millions of people in our population, fewer than 2,000 have been sworn in to represent their States in the Senate. In Mark Pryor we have a person who did an extraordinary job as a Senator for Arkansas and for America. He has been a great friend of mine--someone I am going to miss very, very much, but I hope he will keep in touch. We say that somewhat loosely when people leave here, but I mean it, because Mark Pryor always brought a smile to my day. I recognize that his work in public service aspired to the highest levels and always will  I yield the floor.  