President, I rise today to pay tribute to Hadiya Pendleton, lost to gunfire 1 year ago today, January 29, 2013. She was 15 years old. She was gunned down while she was standing with friends at a park in Chicago's South Side.  She was a very talented, caring girl with a bright future. She was a sophomore at King College Prep, an honor student, and a majorette in the school band. This is her photograph. Those who knew her talk about her warm heart, her big smile, and what a great friend she was to all of those around her.  A week before her death, Hadiya was in Washington, DC, performing with her school band for President Barack Obama's inaugural celebration. She was absolutely thrilled that as a high school student she could come out and perform for the President she loved.  Days afterwards she was gunned down, murdered by men who allegedly mistook Hadiya and her friends for members of a rival street gang. I join with those in Chicago and across America who mourn this grim anniversary and I extend my condolences to her family.  This last week or two--even longer now--it has been pretty cold in Chicago, bitter cold: snow, ice, with people not going outside much. But I wanted to make a trip Saturday morning to visit Hadiya's mom and dad on the occasion of this sad anniversary. Her mom Cleo, her father Nate, and her 11-year-old brother Nate, Jr., as well as the extended family, are mourning her loss.  We sat in their apartment Saturday morning and talked a little about her. We talked about what it meant, what the reaction had been. The parents were heartened that King College Prep had not forgotten their daughter, that today they were having a special observance and ceremony to remember her. It meant a lot to her mom and dad.  They have been here before my judiciary subcommittee when we discussed issues involving gun violence. They have been on television. They have made the rounds. But when you are there with them in their apartment, you know that after the cameras are gone and all the visitors are gone, it is still a sad remembrance of a beautiful young girl whose life was cut short.  No family should have to experience what they went through, but like so many families who have lost loved ones to sudden violence, the Pendletons have decided to dedicate themselves to turning their pain into purpose. They are working to reduce the scourge of gun violence so that other families can be spared. They have established the Hadiya Pendleton Foundation in Chicago to create a safe space for city youth and provide afterschool enrichment programs to help kids avoid the violence on the streets.  Incidentally, Hadiya was once featured in a public service announcement video where she said: It is your job as students to say no to gangs and yes to a great future. The foundation named after her will help other students reach that goal. I commend the family for their work on this foundation. I believe it will make a difference.  Hadiya's family, as I mentioned, traveled to Washington to talk about our laws and how to change them to avoid future violence. In particular, they have spoken out about the need to crack down on the gun supply to gang members. The current Federal laws on what we call straw purchasing and gun trafficking are an embarrassment. They are too weak. They need to be strengthened. I have joined with my colleague Senator Mark Kirk, my Republican colleague, in a bipartisan effort, and a number of our colleagues have joined us to introduce tough legislation to crack down on the straw purchasing and trafficking. We call this bill the ``Stop Illegal Trafficking in Firearms Act.'' Mark Kirk likes to call it the Hadiya Pendleton Act. We agreed to name that key section after her since we believe this legislation just might reduce the senseless gang shootings such as the one that took her life.  Straw purchasing, for any who don't understand it, is when a thug's girlfriend, who has no criminal record, goes to buy the gun and then hands it to him to commit a crime. He can't buy it. He couldn't walk in the store and buy it. He could never pass the background check, but she does. And when she passes it, she hands him the gun, and unfortunately violence and death can be the result.  Last April, our antitrafficking legislation got 58 votes on the floor of the Senate--58 votes--to stop the trafficking of guns into the hands of criminals. That was a few votes short of what we needed. We are close. Our job is to convince just two or three more Senators to join us.  The Pendleton family understands that even though this law seems so obvious, so reasonable, and can save the lives of innocent people, it is going to be hard to come by. There is a gun lobby here in this town. They are very powerful. Their allies will do everything they can to fight even the most popular commonsense reform, such as cracking down on illegal gun trafficking.  The gun lobby says we shouldn't pass any new gun laws and that we should just enforce the laws already on the books. Actually, the gun lobby is in court every day trying to strike down the laws already on the books. But the bottom line is the gun lobby always seems to oppose laws that might reduce gun sales. They just want volume--volume of firearms sold. If they had their way, no questions would be asked.  It is time to crack down on the sale of guns that end up in the hands of criminals and gang members. We need to push forward in Congress and statehouses and in the law enforcement community with strong efforts to cut off the supply of straw-purchased, illegally trafficked guns. The path may not be easy but it is the right path. And if we succeed, we will prevent crimes and save lives.  I want to commend the Pendleton family for the courage they have shown in the face of their tragic loss. I commend them for their efforts to try to spare other families. I hope lawmakers will reflect for one brief moment about this good family, who lost this great daughter and now has dedicated a big part of their lives to preventing shootings in the future. We owe Hadiya and her mom and dad and her memory our best efforts to make this a safer America.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  