I think it is significant that when the new Prime Minister of Ukraine was scheduling his first trip outside of the country, where did he come? Here, Washington, DC. With whom did he meet? The President and the leaders. We sat together with him in a room downstairs--the Senate Foreign Relations Committee room. He came here because he wanted to bring the message to us of what he feared would happen if Putin's aggression went forward, and he wanted us to bring the message to the world that the United States stood by him. How can we possibly explain to these people who are worried about the existence and survival of their Nation that we got tied up in some political squabble between the House and the Senate and the two political parties? It is important for us to move and move quickly.  The Senator from Arizona understands this as well or better than most. Many of us have come from countries which were once under the yoke of the Soviets and we remember full well what it took to finally get independence and democracy. Today, Vladimir Putin is fighting to save a failing Soviet franchise, and where he can't win the hearts and minds of neighboring nations, he instead uses masked gunmen, troops, barbed wire, and energy extortion. That is how he works. He is not winning this battle, but he is saying to the world: The only way I can keep my ``friends'' in line is with pressure. So the United States, and I hope other civilized nations, will join us in saying that is unacceptable.  I thank the Senator and I agree with him. Now is the time to act in the Senate.  Mr. McCAIN. I note the presence of the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee whom I wish to thank for his rapid leadership in getting this legislation approved by an overwhelming majority of the committee on a bipartisan basis. I know he is waiting to speak.  I have just one more comment for my friend from Illinois. I understand he just met with Ukrainian Americans in Chicago, in his home State of Illinois. Isn't it true they don't quite understand why we have not acted more rapidly in the face of naked aggression--which is incredible acquisition of territory which the Russian Government guaranteed as part of Ukraine when Ukraine gave up its nuclear inventory, which happened to be the third largest in the world. I see the chairman waiting, so I will not ask any more questions, except to urge my colleagues let's have an overwhelming vote to move to this legislation and get it done as quickly as possible.  