So the fourth category is student loans. If you end up in debt with a student loan, it is one of the few loans in your life you can't discharge in bankruptcy. The money you borrowed for your home, yes, that is dischargeable; the money you borrowed for your car, yes, that is dischargeable; the money your borrowed for a boat, yes, that is dischargeable; the credit line you have just for your ordinary expenses, yes, that is dischargeable; but when it comes down to student loans, it is a debt you carry to the grave. You either pay it or they will hound you for as long as you live.  That is why it is different than other debts. That is why we came together and said it is time for us to look at these student loans, the amount of debt which students and families are carrying, and do something about it.  Three bills emerged. The first bill I call the student borrower bill of rights. It says when you sit down at that desk in the admissions office they have to tell you what your rights are. They have to tell you the government loan you could use to pay for your education has a lower interest rate, more reasonable terms, can be consolidated at a later point in your life, a limitation on how much money out-of-pocket you are going to have to pay based on your income, and you might have some forgiveness if you go into some areas such as teaching and nursing. You have to be told this.  Right now, students sitting across from that admissions officer are being steered into the most expensive, worst loans. So the bill I have offered--the student loan borrower bill of rights--says, first, tell them the truth. Tell them the best circumstances for them to borrow money, if they need to borrow it.  Secondly, the bill of Jack Reed of Rhode Island basically says that a university has a vested interest in making sure a student doesn't borrow too darned much money; that a student doesn't get so deeply in debt they can never pay it back. That university, if they do not accept that responsibility, could be on the line themselves for some of that debt.  Think they will take it a little more seriously? You bet they will. That is the Reed bill, which I am cosponsoring.  To discuss the third bill, I wish to defer to the Senator from Massachusetts, with the permission of the Chair. It is the one that is a really critical element in this approach to dealing with student loans and student debt. With the permission of the Chair, I ask to enter into a dialogue with the Senator from Massachusetts.  