 President, besides May being National Foster Care Month, it is also Mental Health Awareness Month. This month of May gives us an opportunity to increase public awareness about the challenges faced by those struggling with mental illness. It also encourages us to consider reforms to policies that affect these individuals as well as their friends and family members.  Almost one in five adults in the United States copes with mental illness in any given year, and roughly 20 million Americans struggle with substance abuse disorder, and less than half will get the treatment that they need.  In the 114th Congress, the previous one, I cosponsored and led the Judiciary Committee in approving legislation to update and extend the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act. Up to half of our Nation's prison population may suffer from mental illness. Jails and prisons hold 10 times as many people with mental illness than hospitals do, according to the National Sheriffs' Association.  In the 115th Congress, I introduced and led the Senate in adopting reforms to tackle substance abuse, mental health, and other issues that may drive children and teenagers into the juvenile justice system. These reforms, which recently were enacted as part of the Juvenile Justice Reform Act, encourages States to devote Federal grants to improving treatment of juvenile offenders with mental illness and substance abuse. The enactment of these two measures is very important, but even saying that, we still have lots of work to do in the area of substance abuse and mental illness.  First, lack of mental health resources poses a huge challenge. Now I am chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. I intend to be committed to this area and explore new options for increasing access to quality mental healthcare.  Second, we still have a long way to go to promote parity in mental healthand substance abuse treatment. I am committed to building upon existing efforts and finding new ways to end the stigma attached to mental health diseases.  Third, experts tell us that it is important to standardize care for behavioral health and addiction medicines.  Fourth, we may need to equip doctors with more tools to respond to the opioid epidemic that has gripped the Nation and takes the lives of 130 Americans every day. For example, Federal regulations prevent a patient's doctor from reviewing that patient's substance abuse records. This policy is intended, appropriately, to protect patient privacy, and that is a very important goal, but if it hinders coordination of care, we may have reasons to be concerned. In some cases, doctors must have access to a patient's entire medical history in order to adequately recognize, respond to, and treat the symptoms of addiction.  I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join me in identifying bipartisan solutions to these issues. Doing so will help to improve the lives of many Americans who struggle with mental health and substance abuse disorders.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  