 This is speaking about tax policy that I thought would be adopted as part of the upcoming appropriation bill to make sure we don't shut down government.  For several months now, we have been working to extend a set of tax provisions that expired at the end of 2017. Around here we commonly refer to these as ``tax extenders.'' We have also been working to enact bipartisan disaster tax relief to help families and businesses that continue to recover from the disasters that occurred across the country in 2018, and I thought that, too, would be in the bill we are going to vote on later today.  The best and most timely option to advance these provisions is with the government funding deal being worked on this week, but that isn't going to happen. There have been press reports stating that if the extenders aren't part of the funding bill, they are dead, and I reject that conclusion.  Regardless of what happens on the bill to keep the government open, I will continue to fight to get the extenders enacted and to work toward a longer term resolution. Since the House has failed to send us a government funding bill that includes the tax extenders and disaster tax relief provisions, look for me to introduce a bill addressing these tax matters here in the Senate, and I would ask my colleagues on the Finance Committee to join me in that effort.  When these provisions were extended early last year, the tax extenders had been expired for more than a year already. Now we are back in the very same place, with these tax incentives now expired for more than a year, again.  It seems to me that the right thing to do now is to extend these provisions for 2018 and 2019. Some people are saying you ought to do it longer. Why 2 years?  First, we need to provide clarity for taxpayers trying to file their 2018 returns, which are due in just over eight weeks. Even though the year has obviously ended, a repeated extension of many of these provisions has led individuals and businesses to assume that we will do so again.  These business people relied on last year to make business decisions. In other words, people did what we wanted them to do when these provisions were created. We shouldn't retroactively punish them now for making those decisions that we wanted them to make.  Second, we should provide certainty for this year to give room to take a long-term view on all of the tax extenders. I want to stress that I want to find a long-term resolution of these provisions so that we can stop repeated extensions of temporary tax policy, but while we work on that, these extenders are intended to be incentives, and, to be successful, they need to be in effect when individuals and businesses are considering whether to make the investments required to take advantage of these particular tax extenders.  I want to go into more detail on what the tax extenders are. The numbers have changed over time, but there are now currently around 26 temporary tax provisions that expired at the end of 2017. At one time we were dealing with 50 to 55 such tax extenders, so we have reduced the number considerably. What we are dealing with now include provisions incentivizing alternative fuels, electric vehicles, and the construction of energy-efficient homes. These are provisions that incentivize the production of coal on Indian lands, provide an exclusion from income of the discharge of indebtedness on a principal residence, and provide a deduction for tuition and related expenses. Within these 26 provisions there is probably something that is very important to all 100 Senators, whether you are Republican or Democrat.  I want to focus on two of them in particular. The first is the railroad track maintenance credit, otherwise known as the short line credit. This provision provides short line railroads a credit equal to a percentage of the capital they invest to maintain and improve their tracks.  Short line railroads are small business railroads that are vital to keeping rural and small town America connected to the national economy. They are a particularly important part of our transportation system for getting agricultural and other products to market across the country and, hopefully, abroad.  For example, the Iowa Interstate Railroad, which operates between Council Bluffs and Chicago, connects Iowa companies such as the Elite Octane ethanol plant in Atlantic, IA, to the world market.  According to the American Short Line and Regional Rail Association, short line railroads operate more than 47,500 miles of track and make up 29 percent of the freight rail network of our Nation.  In a report prepared by PWC last year, it was noted that the short line industry directly provided more than 17,000 jobs in the United States in 2016 and supported more than 61,000 jobs overall. This credit has been extended many times since it was first enacted on a temporary basis in 2004. Legislation introduced in the last Congress would have made the short line credit permanent, and the bill had 56 cosponsors in the Senate. The bill is led by Senators Crapo and Wyden and has already been reintroduced for this Congress.  Another tax extender that is very important, particularly for Iowa, is the biodiesel tax credit. Generally, this provision provides a tax credit of $1 per gallon for biodiesel and renewable diesel. This credit helps provide for a more sustainable future by reducing our dependency on fossil fuels and promoting a renewable domestic resource.  Plans for promoting environmental efficiency have been in the news lately, and an extension of the biodiesel tax credit is needed to keep more people working at their jobs in this industry. For example, I have learned that Western Iowa Energy in Wall Lake, IA, has reduced runtime forecasts by 60 percent, consequently running at 40 percent capacity. They are also putting capital improvement projects on hold.  In Wall Lake, this reduction in runtimes means that there are 26 trucks per day that are not operating, and potential layoffs are on the horizon if the tax credit is not extended as soon as possible.  According to the National Biodiesel Board, the U.S. biodiesel industry supports more than 60,000 jobs and generates more than 11 billion in economic impact.  A group of renewable energy stakeholders wrote to congressional leaders last week. Their letter reads in part: ``Allowing these tax incentives to lapse has created uncertainty for investors and the industry--``  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Braun). Will the Senator yield?  