 President, I am here today to commemorate and celebrate the 1-year anniversary of a groundbreaking achievement. On December 18, 2018, the Senate passed the FIRST STEP Act. Three days later, President Trump signed this far-reaching legislation into law. The FIRST STEP Act is the most significant criminal justice reform law in a generation.  I am proud of the work we accomplished 1 year ago on the Senate floor by voting it out of this Chamber with a rollcall vote of 87 to 12. This historic vote means a lot to this Senator, who then was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. In fact, in one of the conference rooms in my office in Washington, I have the official tally sheet from this bill's vote framed and hung on a wall. Now Iowans, advocates, and those who visit my office can see this piece of history.  Our criminal justice system is based on the rule of law. That means when you commit a crime, you should be punished. But the punishment should fit the crime. If the penalty is too harsh, it doesn't do any more to deter criminal activity, and it is a bad value for our taxpayers when you keep people in prison if it doesn't do any good to have them there.  Overly harsh penalties can also make it harder for prisoners who are trying to change their lives to turn over a new leaf. It is worth noting that almost all criminals are eventually released from prison.  Our criminal justice system must do much more than punish and deter. It should rehabilitate and prepare prisoners to reenter society. That is exactly what the FIRST STEP Act does. It gives nonviolent prisoners an incentive to participate in programs in prison, such as job training, drug treatment programs, and counseling, which have been shown to reduce recidivism.  The FIRST STEP Act also makes sentencing more fair. It leaves tough penalties in place for the worst criminals, but it reduces mandatory minimum sentences, giving judges the ability to tailor punishment to fit the crime.  Today marks a very happy occasion and a time of reflection. However, we must remain focused on the future and implementation of that law. With vigilant and consistent oversight into the implementation of the FIRST STEP Act, we can ensure these goals of reducing recidivism and improving our criminal justice system are met.  I have had the opportunity to meet with dozens of former prisoners who have been released because of the reforms in the FIRST STEP Act, and I also had a chance to meet with some of the families. These former prisoners are inspiring. They are finding jobs. They are taking care of their families. They are paying their taxes and contributing to their communities. They have told me that the FIRST STEP Act gave them hope. It reminded them that the rest of the country had not forgotten about them but wanted them to succeed.  The FIRST STEP Act gives former prisoners a better chance at changing their lives. Every day, there are more success stories. No doubt, there will be some prisoners who don't learn a lesson and return to a life of crime, but the reforms we put into place have been shown at the State level to reduce crime by reducing recidivism. It is the right thing to do for people in the criminal justice system, but it is a good value for the taxpayers, as well, because it costs tens of thousands of dollars to keep people in prisons.  As we commemorate the FIRST STEP Act, it is important to acknowledge that this was a bipartisan effort. A lot of people didn't think it was even possible, but we did it by working together and finding a way to work out a reasonable compromise.  First and foremost, I want to acknowledge Senator Durbin. I guess you would call the two of us partners in crime. There is no better advocate for criminal justice reform than Senator Durbin, and this bill would never have passed without his hard work and willingness to forge this bipartisan compromise.  I point especially to Senator Lee because he knows the criminal justice code inside out, and when we needed people to tell us what we could or could not do, what was reasonable, he had an answer. So I want to thank Senator Lee.  I also thank Senators Cornyn, Scott, Whitehouse, Booker, and Leahy, among others.  I also want to recognize President Trump and give a sincere thank-you to him and his team, particularly Jared Kushner, for the support and leadership in this space.  Today, December 18, will always be an important day for me as a legislator. I look forward to making sure that this law is implemented successfully and to finding additional ways to improve our criminal justice system.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  