SCHRADER. I yield to the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I thank the gentleman for yielding since he has just made a good litany of ill-intentioned potential cuts by the Republicans.  You just mentioned NOAA. I'd like to point out that, as we're speaking, we're waiting for the third tidal wave to hit the Oregon coast. They're about an hour apart. We should be hit again in about 10 minutes.  Now, the reason we know where these waves are, what their amplitude is, what the potential for damage is, the reason we were able to evacuate those communities last night, and the reason we're online right now with our State emergency services people is because of the warning buoys we have and because of the great work of the National Oceanic Atmospheric Association and the National Weather Service.  The Republicans have proposed to decimate those programs in H.R. 1. So, in the Republican world, when everybody at NOAA is furloughed for 21 days, if there happens to be an earthquake in Japan and if you live on the Pacific Coast or if there are some tornadoes in the Midwest, tough luck, sorry. We had to furlough those employees who would have warned you to go to your tornado shelter. We had to furlough those employees who would have warned you to evacuate the low-lying areas on the Oregon-California Coast and in Hawaii. But, no, they have targeted massive cuts in the NOAA budget--$450 million. It's estimated that NOAA, because of the time of year these would be put in place, would have to have 21 days of furloughs for all of its employees. There will be $110 million in cuts to the National Weather Service and a big cut to State disaster preparedness grants.  So, right now, our Emergency Operations Centers in Oregon, in California, in Hawaii are in full swing. The reason that they're able to be in touch with people in scattered coastal communities and in relatively difficult areas to access, which could be cut off if the waves are bad enough, is because of the Federal assistance that we have given to them to set up these centers. Under the Republicans' budget, we would cut $206 million from State Emergency Operations Centers.  Now, where are the States going to get the money in this bad climate? I guess those places won't be tended to either.  So we won't know the tidal waves are coming because they'll have laid off the people at NOAA. We won't know the tornadoes are happening. Even if we did happen to stumble over that fact despite these cuts, we won't have the Emergency Operations Centers to coordinate in order to evacuate people and to rescue and to coordinate medical services.  