The spill covered the surrounding land and Clinch River with one billion gallons of coal fly ash, displaced residents, and resulted in $1.2 billion in cleanup costs.  The accident underscored the need for rules to ensure structural stability and safety of coal ash impoundments.  In response, the Environmental Protection Agency proposed the first-ever regulations to ensure the safe disposal and management of coal ash from coal-fired power plants under the nation's primary law for regulating solid waste, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, RCRA.  In June 2010, the EPA presented two regulatory options: regulating coal ash as hazardous waste under Subtitle C or regulating coal ash as a non-hazardous waste under Subtitle D. The EPA has not established a deadline for the final rule.  I have serious concerns that designating fly ash as a hazardous material, the result of regulating coal ash under Subtitle C, could have major impacts on the recycling and reuse of fly ash to manufacture wallboard, roofing materials and bricks, and especially concrete.  In 2008 alone, the concrete industry used 15.8 million tons of fly ash in the manufacturing of ready mixed concrete making it the most widely used supplemental cementing material. When combined with cement, fly ash improves the durability, strength, constructability, and economy of concrete.  It also has huge environmental benefits. Using coal ash--and industrial byproduct--in concrete results in longer lasting structures and reduction in the amount of waste materials sent to landfills, raw materials extracted, energy required for production, and air emissions, including carbon dioxide.  A ``hazardous'' designation of fly ash could put these benefits in jeopardy. It could make fly ash storage and transportation more expensive, and create a legal environment that would deter cement manufacturers from recycling fly ash in cement production.  The result would not only be devastating for the cement manufacturing industry and American jobs, it could also divert millions of tons of coal fly ash from beneficial uses to surface impoundments like the one that broke open in Kingston, Tennessee.  For these reasons, my preference is for EPA to regulate fly ash under Subtitle D of the Resources Conservation and Recovery Act. This would ensure we have strong regulations for surface impoundments of coal ash needed to protect public health and the environment without inhibiting the recycling and reuse of coal fly ash.  It is also for these reasons that I am supporting H.R. 2273. The Coal Residuals Reuse and Management Act is not a perfect bill. In fact, this bill could have been much simpler and likely noncontroversial if my Republican colleagues had just legislated Subtitle D ofRCRA. It is my hope that the U.S. Senate will take this more targeted approach.  Nonetheless, H.R. 2273 does clarify that coal fly ash should not be regulated as a hazardous waste and establishes minimum state disposal requirements. In my state, this would mean the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality would develop appropriate rules for the handling of coal fly ash for the only coal plant in the state--PGE's Boardman Power Plant--and for the many Ready Mix Producers throughout Oregon that use coal fly ash as a necessary ingredient in the manufacturing of concrete.  I support strong regulations for the disposal and storage of coal ash. But, these regulations can and should be completed without jeopardizing the recycling and reuse of fly ash. By voting for H.R. 2273, I am voting in favor of moving forward with regulation and providing the EPA with needed direction.  