 The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 1, line 6, strike ``Section'' and insert the      following:       (a) In General.--Section       Page 1, after line 12, insert the following:       (b) Conflict of Interest.--Section 1023(c)(3) of the Dodd-     Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is      amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:       ``(C) Conflict of interest.--No member of the Council may      vote on the decision to issue a stay of, or set aside, any      regulation under this section, if such member has, within the      previous 2-year period, been employed by any company or other      entity that is subject to such regulation.''.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 358, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Hopefully, this will be an amendment which can be accepted. It's quite simple.  And what I'm addressing is what The Washington Post has called the revolving door that spins at a dizzying pace here in Washington, D.C. The New York Times has said that Goldman Sachs is ``Government Sachs'' for all the employees who bounce back and forth between the Nation's Capital, the regulatory bodies, administrative branch, and its Manhattan office tower.  All my amendment simply does is prevent potential conflicts of interest. Remember, a board here has been created in the original bill which can overturn any regulation, fairly unique among independent agencies if there is a board which can overturn the administrative procedures or rules that they adopt on the financial services industry. But in any case, that was in the original bill. This bill would reduce from a two-thirds majority to a 50 percent majority of this 10-member board.  And my amendment just says if there's 10 people sitting on the board and it's potentially a close vote and this is something that's going to affect, say--not to pick on Goldman Sachs--but let's just say Goldman Sachs and a member of the board is a former employee of Goldman Sachs within the last 24 months, that member would have to sit out the vote. Plain and simple. It is a conflict-of-interest rule.  I would hope that this would prove to be noncontroversial.  With that, I reserve the balance of my time.  