Speaker, I asked to have the reading suspended because I want to expedite things.  I listened to the debate over the previous motion to reconsider. I'd just like to address a couple of points in advance.  This will not delay the bill. In fact, if we adopt this motion by voice vote, we can move directly on to passage of the legislation, which I believe enjoys broad bipartisan support.  Now, I know we all have tremendous pride of authorship in legislation we write or we move to the floor, and that's to be understood, but sometimes bills are not quite perfect. And I would look at this amendment, which narrows the scope of the bill, that is, it says basically that we're opening up a new way for small business and other undertakings to offer a share of stock in their business to the public in order to raise capital and grow and employ folks. That's great, and I think everybody here supports that. However, I think that we should adopt one minor restriction to that, one that would narrow the scope of the bill, and it's quite simple. It just says that these new rules apply to everyone, except for persons who have been convicted of fraud in connection with a financial transaction, including predatory lending to a veteran.  Now, it seems to me that there should be unanimous support for that. We want to open up this new vehicle for small businesses and others to gain investors, but we certainly don't want to open it up to people convicted of fraud in connection with a financial transaction or predatory lending to a veteran.  In fact, I'd just sort of poll the House here and ask: Does anybody think that we should allow those who were convicted of fraud or predatory lending be allowed to engage in this? If so, raise your hand.  Okay. I don't see anyone raising their hand, so I would hope that we can move along very quickly to this amendment and adopt it by voice vote. It is narrowing the scope, it's a commonsense amendment, and it just addresses the potential for abuse for those who have a proven record of fraud due to conviction.  With that, I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation.  