 It is kind of sad that we are actually in this position. We are looking at the seventh extension of the surface transportation reauthorization. Because of events in the last Congress, lack of support from the administration, opposition from others, and basically no action to the Senate side, we ground to a halt in reauthorizing this vital legislation. That is too bad.  Had we taken a fraction of the money spent on the so-called stimulus and instead invested it in fully funding a 6-year surface transportation authorization, we could have created millions of jobs, and not just construction jobs--engineering jobs, manufacturing jobs, high-tech jobs--because we have the most effective buy America requirements on our transportation acquisitions in this country.  So, for instance, Oregon Iron Works is building the first made in America streetcar in 70 years. All of the components that go into that are being made here in the United States of America. They are very skilled workers, a very sophisticated product. You buy a bus made in America, the tires, everything has to be made in America. You build a bridge, the steel has to come from America except for a few loopholes in the law that we have to plug.  If we begin to deal honestly with our backlog, 150,000 bridges on the national highway system are substandard and in need of either significant repair or replacement. That is a lot of steel. That is a lot of work. That is also a lot of detours for trucks and others trying to use the national highway system.  Then you can look at the surface of our national highway system itself, not just the bridges; 40 percent of the pavement is in fair to poor condition. You've all experienced that--potholes blowing out tires, breaking axles, causing higher fuel consumption, accidents, all sorts of problems. That needs to be taken care of.  And then we have our transit systems. Actually right here in Washington, D.C., they are killing people on Metro because they haven't the money to make the capital investments they need to have a modern light rail system in this country, and they are running cars that shouldn't be on the tracks any more.  So we are really at a crisis point. I had taken to giving speeches when I chaired the committee about how we were falling to Third World status for infrastructure. And my colleague, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer), came up to me after a speech once and said that is insulting and it's wrong.  I said, not really, Earl. You know the problems.  He said, no, to say that we're Third World. Most Third World countries are investing a much greater percentage in their gross domestic product in transportation and infrastructure than we are in the United States of America.  So I have taken to calling us fourth world; formerly First World, vaulting over to the back of the line to have the worst infrastructure of any modern nation on Earth. It's not right. It doesn't serve our businesses or our communities well.  The Obama administration did not take up this campaign adequately in the last Congress. I tried valiantly. They got hung up on the idea that we need to invest more money. We do need to invest more money. We had two commissions that were constituted when the Republicans controlled the House, the Senate and the WhiteHouse. Both commissions came to the same conclusion: we are spending somewhere around 30-40 percent of what we need on an annual basis to have a 21st-century transportation system. We are spending about 30 percent less than we need to maintain the current deteriorated rate of infrastructure in this country. We're not even maintaining the Eisenhower legacy. Come on, let's get real.  Now, unfortunately, on the Republican side of the aisle, they have adopted an arbitrary rule: no new revenues for anything. Now, they ought to rethink that. Let's think about capital budgets. If you build a bridge, it lasts 100 years. We could justify borrowing money for that. Maybe we could justify raising some revenues to pay for that--perhaps from the oil companies, who knows, and put a lot of people to work and improve our infrastructure; but that is a nonstarter so far. I hope that changes.  If we look at this as a way to put America back to work to make us more competitive in the international economy, we should be talking about rebuilding our infrastructure. It is the last place we should cut. And, unfortunately, some cuts have already been proposed and made in transportation. That's not where we should be cutting, and those who would advocate further cuts are wrong. This is a trust funded program. The program itself, 96 percent of the funding in this extension comes from the gas taxes every American has paid, the diesel taxes every trucker has paid, and the money paid in other miscellaneous taxes.  We need this bill today. It is a starting point for a robust reauthorization later this year. I look forward to working with the chairman and the new chairman of the subcommittee on that robust reauthorization.  