Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 172, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert      ``(increased by $5,000,000)''.       Page 173, line 8, after the first dollar amount, insert      ``(increased by $5,000,000)''.       Page 173, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert      ``(reduced by $5,000,000)''.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. At this point, Mr. Chair, I would like to bring to the attention of the Congress that we're about to eliminate a program which is incredibly cost effective, which truly supports a growing proportion of profitable small family farms in America, which is to help with research and transition to organic production.  In the most recent statistics, the organic sector of the agriculture production in this country was nearly $27 billion. That's up from $4 billion in 1997. There are over 14,500 family farms engaged in organic agriculture, and they have been experiencing dramatic increases. Now you might say, well, why would we want to continue to research and help them. Well, we're spending a tremendous amount of money in research and subsidies on other crops which are obviously totally developed and do not need assistance.  In this case, we're talking about many people who own struggling family farms who want to convert. They're interested in moving to organics because they know there is potential for higher profitability with those products with dramatically increasing demand. In fact, the USDA says that the average for small--these are truly small farms, not what some people consider small farms--organic farms was $46,000 last year and for all farms, small farms, was $26,000.  So there are many people who are engaged in truly small farming activities who want to stay on the land, don't want to parcel it up, don't want to sell to the developers. They want to continue to live there, raise their kids there, but they're having trouble making ends meet. And this is an opportunity for many folks, an opportunity both for consumers who are demanding organically produced produce and for producers, and I think it would be very shortsighted to zero out this program at this point in time.  So I'm asking that we take a very small percentage of the APHIS budget, well less than 1 percent, and at least on a temporary measure restore the cuts to the transitional and organic research portion of the budget in the hope that we can reach agreement on a sustainable way to fund this program in the future and look at more equitable distribution of funds, both for research and subsidies and other things that go on in the Department of Agriculture.  The amount of money we're asking for here at $5 million is a tiny fraction of 1 percent of the amount of money that we're spending on subsidies for five crops in eight States to pay people not to grow things. Now, I think to actually help people to grow things, to grow healthy produce, to supply the American people, to be able to live on their farms, support their families and pass on the farms to the next generation, that this would be a very, very wise investment, and I wish that this had not been chosen for a cut. I'm hopeful that my colleagues will see the wisdom in restoring this cut and then looking in the next farm bill or in the next appropriation to an equitable division of these funds.  