Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 243, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert      ``(reduced by $24,032,000)''.       Page 359, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert      ``(increased by $24,032,000)''.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I had hoped to be joined by Dr. Paul, who is a coauthor of this amendment. Unfortunately given the very late hour, I'm not certain he'll make it. However, we're talking tonight about making cuts. We've heard in the earlier debate of programs that actually have constituencies, actually serve Americans: The COPS program which puts officers on the beat and helps with drug interdiction, drug prevention; the LIHEAP program providing financial assistance to families who can't afford to heat their homes. The list is long. But there are a few programs in the government which have no constituency and no purpose, and this is one of them. And somehow it escaped the knife, which I assume was just an oversight. So I'm hoping to persuade the committee to adopt this amendment. This is the expenditures for the Selective Service System of the United States of America, i.e., the draft boards. That is, if we believe that at some time in the future that the United States of America is going to reimpose the draft, then one might want to maintain this bureaucracy in deep standby. On the other hand, it might not, because the few times that this agency has attempted to test its capabilities with its obsolete computer systems, which could be surpassed by anything available publicly on the Internet, they showed that they couldn't have conducted a legal draft. And even if they could have conducted a legal draft, we no longer have a surge capacity at our training bases so we would be drafting people for no purpose. Beyond that, I don't think there are many in this House who believe that we are going to go back to having a draft. The Pentagon doesn't want to go back to a draft. The Pentagon has said time and time and time again they believe in an all-volunteer military; the all-volunteer military is superior to forced enlistment, as in the years of the draft. We're a higher quality, we're using significant incentives to get people to enlist in the military, and we have the best military in the world as a result.  So why would we maintain this bureaucracy? Here's what they spent $25 million on, or intend to, this year. It will be used for expenses of attendance at meetings. For purchase of uniforms. Now beyond me, I'm not certain what the uniforms are. I served actually on a draft board once and we didn't have uniforms. I don't know. I guess now we've got uniforms for people who are going to go sit somewhere and hear claims, if we ever reimpose the draft. I really don't know who they're purchasing uniforms for or what the purpose might be or what a Selective Service member's uniform might look like. They also will hire passenger motor vehicles and for official reception and representation expenses--all for a dead bureaucracy that does nothing and never will do anything.  Now, colleagues, truly if we are serious here, if we are in a crisis and we're going to cut programs that actually have large constituencies; my phone's been ringing off the hook about public broadcasting. Other people are hearing about other programs. Here's one where you're not going to get a single call except maybe a thank-you if you eliminate this useless bureaucracy that will never be activated for any purpose, foreseeable, in the future.  Colleagues, we have twice actually in the House voted to end the Selective Service System: in 1993 when Democrats were in control and in 1999 when the Republicans were in control. Unfortunately, the termination of the program never became law. Now is the time. Now is the time. I'm just dedicating the money to deficit reduction. It could be used to restore some meritorious spending elsewhere within this title by somebody else.  With that, I would yield back the balance of my time and urge my colleagues to end this useless bureaucracy.  