President, to draw to conclusion this debate, let me repeat a couple of things we did last night. I will briefly address the science issue. I know there are people out there thinking the science is settled. The science is not settled. Last night I went into detail and I will repeat a couple of significant points.  First, Frederick Seitz, the past president of the National Academy of Sciences, compiled the Oregon petition which had 17,800 independently verified signatures--most of those holding degrees of Ph.D. They came to this conclusion: There is no convincing scientific evidence that the human release of carbon dioxide, methane or other greenhouse gasses is causing or will in the foreseeable future cause catastrophic heating of the Earth's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth's climate.  Again, the Heidelberg Appeal, over 4,000 scientists, 70 of whom are Nobel Prize winners, signed this Heidelberg Appeal that says there is no compelling evidence that is existing today to justify controls of anthropogenic--man made--greenhouse gas emissions.  Dr. Richard Lindzen, MIT scientist and member of the National Academy of Sciences, said--and I don't think anyone would question his credentials--said there is a definite disconnect between Kyoto and science. Should a catastrophic scenario prove correct, Kyoto would not prevent it.  Lastly, the Harvard-Smithsonian study, the most exhaustive study out there, 240 peer-reviewed papers published by thousands of researchers over the last four decades, says the science is flawed. It is important people realize that is the situation.  Probably the most significant item we should have been talking about all the time instead of this science--since it is a fact now, I think people understand there are scientists on both sides of this issue--is what is the effect.  Last night we had a chance to talk about the National Black Chamber of Commerce and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, how it would disproportionately hurt them in losing jobs. A study that no one has challenged concluded that Kyoto would cost 511,000 jobs of Hispanic workers and 864,000 jobs held by Black workers. Is this something we all understand?  My chart is revealing if Members need statistics for their own State. The State of Illinois is losing 159,000 jobs; the State of Indiana loses 194,000. This is a study done by Penn State University.  The other significant point is that we are voting on an amendment. This amendment is somewhat pared down. Everyone realizes that this amendment, as has been stated many times by the distinguished Senator from Connecticut as well as the Senator from Arizona, is just a first step. So everyone has to look at this. This is the Kyoto Treaty. It needs to be looked at in that respect.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  