I start out saying I have some similarities to the previous speaker from Vermont. I am a veteran, I should say.  Also, the reference was made to the Environment and Public Works Committee. I do agree with the Senator from Vermont that there is a jurisdiction thing there in which we are interested. However, there is also one having to do with the readiness, with the authorization bill that is under consideration now.  I can't tell you how strongly I feel about this particular amendment. This is something we have been discussing now, not for just days or weeks but for years. We have actually had several hearings. Right now, we have had some 12 hearings in the past 2 years on this subject. Some of this was when I chaired the Readiness Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee. We have had hearings there and, of course, hearings in the Environment and Public Works Committee.  I share the compliments to Senator Ensign, in the way he has been chairing this committee and spending the time on this very critical subject.  Let me just remind everybody that when INRMP first came along, the Integrated National Resource Management Plan, they came along not in a Republican administration, they came along in the Clinton administration. They recognized at that time the seriousness of proper training and the fact that we have a very serious problem affecting some of the environment encroachments on our limited land area. It is something that is measured, not by cost of training, not by effectiveness of training, as much as it is human lives.  The Senator from New Jersey talked about the Endangered Species Act. I spent 3 years and lost trying to stop the prohibition of live-fire training on a Navy range on land we own in Vieques. I have a background, as does the Senator from Vermont, in having gone through training. I am sure he would share this with me. When we went through training and crawled under inert fire, it was quite a bit different from crawling under live fire. This is the kind of training that I think we had in Vieques--integrated training, which we don't have today. In Kuwait, we lost five lives, four of whom were Americans. If you read the accident report, it very clearly states that we lost those lives because we didn't have adequate live-fire training. It was denied us right before that time at the range in Vieques.  I am going to talk about Camp Pendleton.  Before I do so, the Senator from New Jersey had talked about Camp Pendleton and how compatible everything has been in Camp Pendleton. He suggests that in Camp Pendleton there are some 17 miles of shoreline. We can only train in some 200 yards of that area. It is a very serious matter.  I agree that we have very well-trained troops in the field. But I also say we are not enjoying the state of readiness that our troops are entitled to have--unlimited capability of training in a live and integrated relationship.  The Lautenberg amendment would essentially gut the bill language because it would impose an unachievable standard of recovering species according to the legal definition of concern. DOD would be forced to guarantee sufficient funding to accomplish species recovery while the Department of Interior and Endangered Species Act have not been able to recover species.  This is very important. We have had since 1973--30 years--the Endangered Species Act. Yet no species have come off the list as a result of operation of the Endangered Species Act. In other words, he is putting on a test that cannot be fulfilled. In other words, we are not going to be able to have this type of training.  This is the quote from a committee hearing which we had. This was the Deputy General Counsel for Environment and Installations. It gets into the question as to how this is going to affect the training:       With respect to the ESA, what our proposal seeks to do is      to codify a policy that was adopted during the Clinton      administration with respect to the INRMPs.  Then Craig Manson said:       I concur as to the ESA provision.  The amendment is very similar to the amendment that Senator Akaka tried to get approved in committee. Normally, Senator Akaka and I agree on these issues. During the years when I was chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and he was my ranking member, and during the years he was chairman, I was his ranking member, we normally agreed on these issues.  However, I believe the Lautenberg amendment goes much further than the Akaka amendment went because it is an amendment that gets very serious in terms of forcing something to come off the list.  The essential difference between Senator Akaka's failed amendment in committee and Senator Lautenberg's amendment is a subtle but crucial difference between ``provide conservation benefit for the species,'' which Senator Akaka wanted to do and which I can understand, and provide a conservation benefit as Senator Lautenberg wants to do, which is ``conserve the species.'' In other words, recover. Recovery is something that can't happen. It has never happened. I will read to you from the Endangered Species Act of 1973. It said in addressing the terms ``conserving'' and ``conservation'' that it means ``to use and use all methods and procedures which are necessary to bring any endangered species or threatened species to the point at which the measures provided pursuant to this act are no longer necessary. Such methods and procedures include but are not limited to all activities associated with scientific resources and management, such as research, law enforcement, habitat acquisition and maintenance promulgation, live trapping, transplanting,'' and it goes on and on.  It says you must be able to recover. As he said, never have we been able to recover a species that was actually a result of the operation of the ESA.  The Department of Defense opposes the amendment because, No. 1, the language could have perverse and unintended consequences such as depriving the Fish and Wildlife Service the flexibility to refine the conditions in light of further experience or to tailor them more specifically to diverse sites. The language would give rise to litigation.  As the chart shows, again quoting Craig Manson:       In fact, the process of using the Integrated Natural      Resources Management Plan is a collaborative process that      requires the agreement of the Fish and Wildlife Service and      INRMP and cannot be approved without the agreement of the      Fish and Wildlife Service. The Service will continue to be      involved. Habitat will continue to be afforded the      protections that are necessary for the conservation of the      species.  I think most of us understand. That is the seriousness that we are dealing with right now.  The next concern we have is the lawsuits which are now preventing continuation of a policy started by the implementation of the Clinton/Gore administration. And we are talking about the INRMP.  This is Jamie Irappaport Clark, the Clinton administration's Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. He said:       Do I believe that Integrated Natural Resource Management      Plans can provide the needs for conservation of listed      species? Absolutely.  This came from the Clinton administration--not from the current administration. That was the Clinton Fish and Wildlife Director, Jamie Clark, who initiated the practice and gave the testimony before our committee.  The marine field training is rated ``not combat capable'' at Camp Pendleton.  I am glad the Senator from New Jersey brought up Camp Pendleton. Camp Pendleton is a good model to use as to what we don't want to do. Camp Pendleton has all of these 17 miles of shoreline. We can only use some 200 yards. In fact, if you look at the shoreline, that 200 yards is so small that it doesn't even show up on the map. This shows the proposed critical habitat at the Marine Corps base at Camp Pendleton, 57 percent. That tells us what is happening to our training area.  What is the result of that? The encroachment impact of training degradation at Camp Pendleton in the field of ``not combat capable'' is fifty percent. Fifty percent of the training that takes place has that category of T-4, which is ``not combat capable,'' and 69 percent is ``combat capable'' for only a low threat. That is what is happening.  How does that translate into lives? We don't know. As I mentioned, we have lost lives because of a lack of training. This is one that is very serious.  The Department of Defense set out to establish quantity of data on encroachment selecting the Marine Corps base at Camp Pendleton as the subject of the study and came to the conclusion that 50 percent of that training would not be combat ready.  That is how serious this is.  More holistic than mere designation of critical habitat, the management plan we are talking about, the INRMP approach, pioneered by the Clinton-Gore administration, considers habitat, food, water, predators, noise, and many more factors.  The Fish and Wildlife Service opposed the Lautenberg amendment.  Let me conclude by saying this is very serious. I could be talking about ranges other than Pendleton. Pendleton I talked about because that was brought up by the Senator from New Jersey. In the case of Camp Lejeune, in the case of Fort Bragg in the southeastern part of the United States, we are down now to just a small portion that can be used for training.  I invite my colleagues to go down to Fort Bragg, go down to Camp Pendleton, and look and see how they are inhibited from being able to have the type of training that will really prepare them properly for combat in harm's way to which we will be sending them.  I think it is very significant. There is not an issue in this bill that is more significant now than trying to do what we can to provide good training. It has been said before--and I would have to echo it--that the military has been an excellent steward of the environment. And that is part of the problem. If you go to Fort Bragg today, after having been there 2 years ago, you see many more of these red ribbons around areas precluding them from being able to train there because of the urban sprawl and other encroachments on our training capabilities.  Our language is very good, and I would encourage us, at the time we vote, to reject the Lautenberg amendment.  I yield the floor.  