HATCH. To further answer that question, I would like to read from the letter the White House just sent up here today:       In some recent hearings, including Mr. Estrada's, Senator      Schumer has asked that nominees identify particular Supreme      Court cases of the last few decades----  I think the correct reference was to the last 40 years, although I have heard Senator after Senator on the other side talk about the whole jurisprudence of the country, even though the question is referring to the last 40 years. But:       In some recent hearings, including Mr. Estrada's, Senator      Schumer has asked that nominees identify particular Supreme      Court cases of the last few decades with which they disagree.      But the problems with such a question and answer were well      stated by Justice Stephen Breyer.  Of course, Justice Breyer is a Democrat, and he is now sitting on the Supreme Court.  The White House letter goes on:       As Justice Breyer put it, ``Until [an issue] comes up, I      don't really think it through with the depth that it would      require . . . so often, when you decide a matter for real, in      a court or elsewhere, it turns out to be very different after      you've become informed and think it through for real than      what you would have said at a cocktail party answering a      question.''       Senator Schumer also has asked nominees how they would have      ruled in particular Supreme Court cases. Again, a double      standard is being applied. The nominees of President Clinton      did not answer such questions. For example, Richard Tallman,      a nominee with no prior judicial service who now serves on      the Ninth Circuit, not only would not answer how he would      have ruled as a judge in Roe v. Wade--but even how he would      have ruled in Plessy v. Ferguson, the infamous case that      upheld the discredited and shameful ``separate but equal''      doctrine. So, too, in the hearing on President Clinton's      nomination of Judges Barry and Fisher, Senator Smith asked      whether the nominees would have voted for a constitutional      right to abortion before Roe v. Wade. Chairman Hatch      interrupted Senator Smith to say ``that is not a fair      question to these two nominees because     regardless of what happened pre-1973, they have to abide by      what has happened post-1973 and the current precedents that      the Supreme Court has.''  In other words, I corrected a member of my party on the committee for asking that question of a Clinton nominee.  I hate to say it, but Miguel Estrada has answered their questions. He just hasn't answered them the way they wanted because they haven't been able to find any real defects in the answers he has given.  