We have a sizable Hispanic community in Oklahoma. I was mayor of Tulsa, and I recall how excited the people were each year when they saw people striving to achieve, Hispanics in this country.  I was standing before the crowd and said:       Como acalde de la cuidad de Tulsa, yo quiero decir, ``Bien      venidos, bien venidos a la cuidad. Creemos que la cuidad de      San Luis Potosi es la cuidad mas hermosa de todas las      cuidades del mundo.''       (Translation)       As the mayor of the city of Tulsa, I want to say,      ``Welcome, welcome to the city. We believe the city of San      Luis Potosi is the most beautiful city of all the cities in      the world.''  I saw the looks on their faces, realizing we were participating in their culture. They are looking at Miguel Estrada saying, Why won't they give him a chance to reach the top? Why is it that he does not get a chance for high office, he or any other Hispanic?  I tried to answer. I believed there might be a way of garnering support to make this reality. I said:       Muchos Hispanos estan escuchando ahora . . . y yo quiero      decir.       Por descracia, hay personas en el senado que no quieren      escuchar a ni una palabra de la verdad.       Yo invito a la communidad hispana para llama a sus      senadores para insistir en los derechos de Miguel Estrada y      en la confirmacion de jueces de los Estados Unidos.       (Translation)       Many Hispanic Americans are listening right now . . . and I      want to say:       Disgracefully, there are people in the Senate that don't      want to listen to even one word of the truth.       I invite the Hispanic community to call their senators to      insist on the rights of Miguel Estrada and on the      confirmation of the judges of the United States.  People were calling in but it did not get the message across to the people on that side of the aisle that there must be some other reason that they do not want Miguel Estrada to be confirmed.  Congress is a powerful institution and it is necessary to have the ability to collect and challenge much of what the President does, but when it comes to the courts and to interpreting laws and regulations, politics needs to get out of the way. Justice delayed is justice denied. I believe we are in a position to do some things and turn this around and get some of these people confirmed.  My guess is residents of California, who had their constitution gutted by a three-judge panel in the Ninth Circuit, only to have a larger panel of the same circuit reinstate their constitutionally authorized gubernatorial recall election, think it is pretty important who sits on the Ninth Circuit.  I had an experience this morning debating one of our fine Senators, Mr. Lautenberg. I said at that time this is about ideology. I don't think anyone--after listening to all the debate that has gone on overnight--does not realize if you are not pro-abortion, if you are not anti-gun, you will be in opposition, and we will not get confirmation. It is wrong. All we want is an up-or-down vote on these fine nominees.  