President, as the war in Iraq demonstrated, our troops are the finest in the world. Through their mastery of precision-guided weapons, they minimized casualties of noncombatants and effectively contained war's inevitable destruction. In just 21 days, they liberated Iraq, a country almost the size of California, from a brutal tyranny.  Many factors contributed to the success of the Iraq war. In my view, the most important--and this, I believe, is true of any war--was training. To be strong in battle, soldiers must train as they fight. On U.S. training ranges, our troops engage in highly realistic, combat ready exercises, preparing them to fight and protect themselves in battle. This is what they deserve.  But gradually, those readiness exercises--so critical to the military's training mission--are steadily being constrained and inhibited. Slowly, but surely, training simulations bear little connection with the true-to-life. The cause is straightforward but very disturbing: the extreme agenda of some environmental groups, whose hostile lawsuits are precipitating a crisis in training .  Environmental groups such as the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Center for Biological Diversity have launched an unconscionable war on the military. They believe there are no compromises, even when the issue involves protecting and preparing our troops for battle. They would rather file lawsuits--something they are quite good at, incidentally--than find commonsense solutions to balance environmental protection with the best military training available.  These lawsuits are gradually eroding not just the land available for training and readiness, but are gravely diminishing the actual training exercises and live-fire simulations that are so critical to prepare for real-life combat.  Despite the claims made by environmental groups, the Pentagon has demonstrated a strong commitment to environmental stewardship. The evidence is overwhelming. But land development is fast encroaching upon military facilities, driving wildlife and endangered species into the relative sanctuary of training ranges.  The military has made environmental accommodations time and time again, but there is only so much it can do. The flood of environmental lawsuits is diverting the military away from its all-important training mission. As a result, training slowly but surely is dying a death of a thousand cuts.  There are too many egregious examples to recount here. The situation facing Camp Pendleton in California bears special mention. Camp Pendleton is considered the premier training base for the Marines. Because of a lawsuit filed by the Natural Resources Defense Council to list the gnatcatcher as endangered, 57 percent of the base may become ``critical habitat,'' which in effect means no training and readiness exercises in that area.  Also, there are 17 miles of beach at Camp Pendleton--because of environmental restrictions, only 200 yards of beach are available to practice amphibious landings. All military vehicles that come ashore during an amphibious landing are restricted to designated roads. Troops can only come ashore in single file columns, which is hardly a good simulation of actual warfighting conditions.  To address these problems, the Pentagon has a reasonable, commonsense proposal to clarify existing environmental laws. Contrary to statements by some of my colleagues, the Pentagon is not seeking blanket exemptions from current laws. To say otherwise is simply false.  Take, for example, the provision clarifying how the Endangered Species Act applies to training bases. DoD wants to continue a policy first implemented by the Clinton administration's Fish and Wildlife Service. The proposal would codify Integrated Natural Resource Management Plans, INRMPSs, in place of critical habitat designations.  INRMPs, which are required to provide for, among other things, fish and wildlife management, land management, forest management, fish and wildlife-oriented recreation, and wetland protection, allow the military to balance species protection and training needs.  DoD's proposal explicitly requires DoD to consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service under section 7 of ESA. Also, the Interior Secretary must approve INRMPs in writing. Other provisions of ESA, as well as statutes such as the National Environmental Policy Act, also would continue to apply.  Thus it is simply unconscionable that this is characterized as a ``sweeping exemption.'' My Democratic colleagues also contend that such a clarification isn't necessary because ESA already contains national security exemptions. Ironically, while complaining about a proposed provision that, in effect, continues to subject DoD to ESA, my colleagues want to pursue exemptions under current law. In practice, those exemptions mean DoD could ignore existing statutory requirements altogether under ESA.  Yesterday, 51 Senators voted for an amendment sponsored by Senators Lautenberg and Jeffords that effectively guts the ESA provision in the fiscal year 2004 Defense reauthorization bill. The amendment upsets the balance stuck between species protection and training. It tilts irresponsibly in favor of species protection, which is not the mission of DoD.  The amendment says DoD must ``conserve the species,'' rather than, as stated in the bills original language, provide ``conservation benefits.'' The distinction is significant because ``conserve' means DoD must recover species. This is an unacceptably high threshold, one that even Fish and Wildlife has been unable to meet under ESA.  According to original 1973 ESA, conserve means ``to use and use all methods and procedures which are necessary to bring any endangered species or threatened species to the point at which the measures provided pursuant to this act are no longer necessary. Such methods and procedures include but are not limited to all activities associated with scientific resources and management, such as research, law enforcement, habitat acquisition and maintenance promulgation, live trapping, and transplanting.'' As is obvious, the burdens on DoD training and readiness would be enormous.  DoD opposes the amendment because it could have perverse and unintended consequences, such as removing the Fish and Wildlife Service's flexibility to make decisions based on the differing circumstances facing each training range. Also, DoD and the Department of the Interior believe it will lead to more lawsuits, not less--exactly what DoD is trying to prevent.  The question remains: What should DoD's most important focus be, training or recovering the gnatcatcher?  I am also very disturbed by statements an characterizations of DoD's training predicament. Some Senators alluded to the March 13 testimony of EPA Administrator Christie Whitman before my committee. Governor Whitman, said, ``I don't believe that there is a training mission anywhere in the country that is being held up or not taking place because of the environmental protection regulations.'' With all due respect to Governor Whitman, the EPA does not have jurisdiction over the Endangered Species Act,which, of all the existing laws addressed in the Pentagon's proposal, is responsible for the most serious training restrictions.  Moreover, I am extremely troubled by the way some Senators have summarized a General Accounting report on military encroachment. To say ``the GAO found the military has presented no evidence that the Endangered Species Act has impaired training'' is utterly false and irresponsible.  Here is what the GAO said about encroachment in its report:       Over time, the impact of encroachment on training ranges      has gradually increased. While the effect varies by service      and individual installation, in general encroachment has      limited the extent to which training ranges are available or      the types of training that can be conducted. This limits      units' ability to train as they would expect to fight and/or      requires units to work around the problem.  Barry Holman, director of the GAO's Defense Capabilities and Management section, and author of the June 2002 encroachment report, stated in his testimony before the House Government Reform Committee on May 16, 2002:       One thing I want to make clear, I would not want anyone to      conclude from looking at that report that GAO is saying `no      data, no problem.' We're not saying that. I think it's very      clear . . . that there are limitations on training.  In addition to the ESA clarification in the base bill, I filed an amendment to clarify how the Superfund law applies to military training and readiness. Though it appears this issue will not be addressed as part of the Defense authorization bill this year, it does deserve some explanation.  Live-fire training, which is the ``capstone event of a unit's training cycle,'' has come under heavy fire from environmental groups. The Army at Fort Richardson is engaged in a lawsuit that could shut down firing munitions at Eagle River Flats range. If environmentalists succeed, live fire operations at every Army range--more than 400 sites--could be severely constrained, seriously threatening training and readiness for our men and women in uniform.  This suit is not an isolated incident--there is another one much like it regarding the range at Vieques in Puerto Rico. The pattern is clear, and the Committee on Environment and Public Works received testimony as to the real agenda behind this pattern of lawsuits.  Describing yet another lawsuit by an eco-radical group against the Department of Defense, witness Frank Gaffey, president and CEO of the Center for Security Policy, stated illuminatingly ``a plaintiff in the lawsuit was Melanie Dutchen who was described in the New York Times as an Anchorage activist with Greenpeace who said, `Obviously the hope of this litigation is that delay will lead to cancellation.' She went on to say, `That is what we always hope for in these suits.' I believe this is sort of an instructive insight into why the Defense Department is concerned, not only about the circumstances that you personally observed, in terms of limitations and impediments to training, but the train wreck that is coming. It is not something that is coming up by accident. It is coming about, I believe, by people, at least some of whom, have very little interest in the readiness of our military.''  My amendment will try to stop this by clarifying how RCRA and CERCLA apply to live-fire training ranges. I worked closely with the Pentagon and State officials--in particular, Doug Benevento of Colorado's Department of Public Health and Environment--in drafting compromise language that will balance training needs with environmental protection.  This amendment would codify and confirm longstanding regulatory policy of EPA and every State concerning regulation of munitions on operational ranges under RCRA and CERCLA. The amendment excludes military munitions from the definition of ``solid waste'' under CERCLA. That way, the military can perform live fire training exercises without having to break up those exercises with extensive, time-consuming clean-up operations.  But this change would still offer environmental protections under existing law. Again, as stated previously, this is not an exemption. Cleanup of operational ranges is not required so long as material stays on range, but if such material moves off range, it still must be addressed under existing law. Also, if munitions cause an ``imminent and substantial endangerment on range, EPA will still retain its authority to address it on range under CERCLA.  If we fail to address these and other issues the Pentagon has put before us, we are doing a great disservice to our men and women in uniform. Unfortunately, it appears that Congress will pass only a few pieces of the Pentagon's proposal this year. I think it is imperative, for the sake of our troops, that we address the remaining pieces next year.  