My committee does have jurisdiction over any environmental aspects of the OCS. I consider this to be significant. I think it is very important for us. We hear all the stuff about the environment and we hear some extremist groups who are saying they don't want this to take place. There are some out there, maybe even some Senators, who might believe this somehow is going to authorize exploration or authorize drilling.  Section 105 of the bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an inventory and analysis of oil and natural gas resources in the Outer Continental Shelf. It does not in any way authorize any type of exploration; it doesn't authorize any kind of drilling. It will provide the American people, for the first time, using new technology--and we have new technology--a comprehensive overview of the country's offshore oil and natural gas resources.  This 3-D seismic technology--I have heard the chairman of the Energy Committee talk about this modern technology. It was developed in the 1990s and has allowed us to identify 100 trillion cubic feet more natural gas in the Gulf of Mexico than was previously found.  We have surveys for the rest of the country's natural resources. We have surveys of how many forests we have, how many trees we have, how many fish we have, how much coal we have. Why is there so much resistance to knowing how many oil and gas resources or reserves are out there? How can we have a comprehensive national energy policy without knowing how much oil and gas the country has? That is really the key to this.  I have criticized Republican and Democrat administrations alike for not having a comprehensive energy policy. I remember, during the Reagan administration, trying to get a comprehensive energy policy. We were not able todo it. During the first Bush administration, we were not able to do it.  Consequently, back when I was so concerned about our dependence upon foreign oil for our ability to fight a war, during the Reagan administration, our dependence was only 36 percent. Now it is 57 percent. So it has just gotten worse and worse.  Finally, I applaud the President for saying we are going to have a comprehensive energy policy, and I applaud the Senator, the chairman of the Energy Committee, for coming up with a well-thought-out plan. But, again, how can we have a comprehensive policy if we don't even know what resources the Nation has?  Many colleagues are concerned that section 105 undermines the State's right to determine what happens in Federal waters off its shores.  How can that happen? It is just a study. In fact, not knowing what oil and gas is off States' shores infringes upon a State's right to make an informed decision. Indeed. The liberal mantra here is the right to know. Given that, how can they oppose knowledge? No State has the right to infringe upon interstate commerce. That would be unconstitutional. If legislators are successful in prohibiting the access to the people's resources, then no amount of information about America's oil and natural gas reserves is going to change that protection.  Secretary of the Interior Norton, in a recent letter to my colleagues, Senators Graham and Nelson, states:       The language does not affect the moratoria.  You have to understand that. I just hope the people of America are watching this because we are really just saying we don't want the knowledge. We are facing a natural gas crisis. I don't think anyone is going to stand up here and say that we are not. This crisis is universally acknowledged through widespread awareness. This crisis has really just begun in the past year or so.  In a wonderfully bipartisan way, Congress has come together to try to reduce America's reliance on foreign sources of energy, including oil and natural gas.  Limiting the American people's access to knowledge about the American people's resources, let alone the resources themselves, is a guaranteed way to increase dependence on foreign sources of energy. It is sort of an ``ignorance-is-bliss'' strategy.  Also, many States are facing budget shortfalls. They turn to us for options for addressing these shortfalls. The ones I have talked with are appreciative of the fact that we need to know what resources are off our shores.  Again, this amendment authorizes only a study and will allow us to make good and informed decisions about resources. I can't imagine anyone being against something which is merely shedding light on what we have and informing the people of America what the resources are so we can intelligently address those resources in the future.  I certainly encourage my colleagues to oppose this amendment which would strike the people's right to know what kinds of resources are out there.  Again, I repeat that it has nothing to do with exploration. It has nothing to do with drilling oil. All it deals with is finding out what our resources are.  I yield the floor.  