 First, this has nothing to do with tuna, dolphins, drilling, snowmobiles in the Tetons. The record of this President has been very good. We passed extensive brownfields legislation with the help of the Senator occupying the chair. My amendment included over 200,000 petroleum sites. The record has been good.  It is important, when you are talking about this issue, to talk about the Bush administration. This essentially came from the Clinton administration, not from the Bush administration. With the exception of a few technicalities which have been worked out to everyone's advantage, this is the Clinton administration's program.  Here is the statement made at the last day of the Clinton administration by Bob Perciasepe:       Over the last two years we have all worked hard to develop      improvements to the New Source Review program. As I have      discussed with you, I believe it is essential that this      program have greater incentives for companies to employ the      most effective emissions techniques voluntarily and give      greater flexibility when companies take these voluntary      actions.  And so then we had this study. Look at this study. It is 180 pages. The study comes to the conclusion that the overall effect of the final rule will be a net benefit to the environment. This is going to benefit the environment, not hurt it.  When the Senator from Nevada says, what do we say to senior citizens, I say what do we say to senior citizens when their energy costs go up, when they already have to decide whether to heat their homes or have food to eat.  We have studied this matter for 10 years. We don't need 6 more months.However, we are willing to have the NAS do a study, and they will use the same data the EPA used in coming up with the conclusion that this is not harmful, but it is good for the environment and health.  I will be joining my friend from Nevada in asking for a recorded vote on this second-degree amendment at the appropriate time.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  