NELSON of Florida. I will be happy to yield to the Senator. Let me finish. As you can see, I am really into this, and I want to get this picture painted. I will be glad to get into the questions of the policy, but let me complete my statement, if I may.  So it flowed down into this creek that flowed into Lake Apopka. The estimate of the number of alligators in Lake Apopka today is not 4,000, but 400. Some of those alligators they have captured they find are mutated.  Now did that come from this witches brew? I am not sure scientifically we can actually say that, but it is potentially a cause of environmental damage. For the people who live around that toxic waste dump site, there have been health problems cited for years. We cannot clean it up because we do not have any money. That is what we get back to: the money.  When I was in the House of Representatives, in 1980, we enacted the Superfund law and we said: We are going to provide a fund for these hundreds of toxic waste dumps all over the country that cannot be cleaned up because the owner of the dump has now gone bankrupt or has left town and there is no one financially responsible to clean up the dump.  The trust fund would be there so when we did not have a financially responsible party that could pay for cleaning up the toxic waste site, we would have a fund to which we could go. The fund has dwindled and the taxpayer has to pay more and more of the costs of cleaning up orphan Superfund sites. Congress-requested studies of the future needs of the program indicate that this Administration has not allocated the resources necessary to meet the needs of the Superfund sites and communities throughout the country. In the 1990s, the Superfund fee on petroleum, chemical feedstocks and corporate income lapsed. As a result, the only place we have now to go to replenish the fund is the general revenues of the U.S. Government. You realize how difficult that is to get the money required to address the many orphaned hazardous waste sites across the country, particularly when we are running deficits to the tune of a half a trillion dollars a year; that is, paying $500 billion more than we have coming in tax revenue so we have to go out and borrow the difference. Therefore, the funding of any program is more difficult.  It is that policy difference that I have with this administration and the White House. That is why I came to the floor to register my concern as we debate the nomination of Governor Leavitt as the new EPA Administrator. It has nothing to do with him as a person. I think he is a very fine person. It has nothing to do with the person-to-person meeting I had with him, asking him about setting forth his ideas on the Superfund trust fund I have just discussed. Of course, he can't contradict the White House. He cannot contradict the Vice President and the President who have already set their policy that they do not want to fill the trust fund, that they want to do it by general revenue appropriations. I think that is a serious mistake.  I had asked Governor Leavitt about a number of other issues affecting my State of Florida and I appreciate the response I received from the Acting Administrator as directed by Gov. Leavitt: EPA is moving the right way on arsenic-treated wood also called CCA, chromium copper arsenate, with regard to residential uses and playground uses.  I told Gov. Leavitt about two of the toxic waste sites in Pensacola. I told him about a concern with a phosphate plant and the health conditions people are reporting in East Hillsborough County. They have responded to all of those. But with regard to the main concern of the policy difference on the trust fund, I must register my protest.  Would the Senator from Oklahoma, who is my dear friend and who takes the opposite side on this issue, like to engage in some conversation on this? I would be pleased to yield.  