President, to respond to the question asked by the distinguished Senator from California, why are we fighting it? One of the biggest problems is, you get in this quagmire of lawsuits and nothing ever gets done in terms of cleanup. This is something we have been fighting for a long time.  This is going to be a more brief statement than it was going to be before because right now we have a very significant piece of legislation before the committee I chair on the clear skies legislation, which is the most far-reaching reduction in powerplant pollutions in the history of clean air. So it is very significant, and I do have to get back.  I have stated on many occasions my concern about the fact that this country does not have a comprehensive energy policy. I have also criticized Republicans and Democrats alike. We didn't get a comprehensive energy policy in the Reagan administration or the first Bush administration or the Clinton administration. We are going to get one with this. That is why this is so significant.  As Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said, it is a serious strategic issue. This is a national security issue.  The amendment we are talking about, the underlying bill, the Frist-Daschle-Inhofe amendment, represents a compromise on a lot of contentious issues. As with all compromises, there are provisions I like and I don't like. I am afraid there is a lot of misinformation being circulated about the safe harbor provision. Time and time again, we hear if the safe harbor provision is enacted into law, first, citizens cannot take refiners to court under our tort system; and, second, any responsible ethanol contamination that happens in the future would not get cleaned up. Nothing could be further from the truth.  First, let me address the statement that any tort claim that has not been filed by the date of enactment of this section will be forever barred. Even with the enactment of the safe harbor provision, if a plaintiff makes a case, here are just a few tort theories that can be used in environmental cases: Trespass, trespass is not affected by safe harbor; nuisance, not affected by safe harbor; negligence, not affected; breach of implied warranty, not affected by safe harbor; a breach of express warranty, not affected by safe harbor. Safe harbor does not affect any of these tort theories.  In fact, ethanol has been approved by the EPA as a fuel additive. Now Congress is mandating the use of ethanol. So the Federal Government has given ethanol its stamp of approval and now Congress is mandating it. How can we now say that refiners and blenders are open to suits for claims that the ``product has design or manufacturing defects''? Design defect claims actually hamper cleanups by interfering with regulatory agencies. Regulatory agency oversight--Federal, State, and local--is frustrated by the product liability claims because these agencies lose control of the remedy process. These agencies are supposed to be in control of the remedy process. That answers the question asked, Why are we concerned about this? We want to get these things cleaned up.  When product liability claims are permitted, the plaintiff's motive becomes recovery of a large money judgment rather than a judgment mandating a remedy to be performed by the party who released the gasoline. Very often, the only thing getting cleaned up are the trial lawyers' mansions purchased with the spoils of these settlements. In fact, a recent report from the Council of Economic Advisors found that using the tort system in this way ``is extremely inefficient, returning only 20 cents of the tort cost dollar for that purpose.''  Now, I would like to address the rumors that sites will not get cleaned up or that polluters will not pay. The Safe Harbor provisions--in no way--affects liability, and therefore, cleanups under any Federal or State environmental law. Any statement to the contrary is false. Enforcement of these laws is by the authorized Federal agency and States. If there were a spill, here are some examples of environmental laws that offer cleanup and liability provisions:  1. Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA); 2. Clean Water Act; 3. Oil Pollution Act (OPA); 4. Superfund. Generally speaking, Congress intended that oil spills be cleaned up by the Oil Pollution Act. However, the Inhofe Amendment to last Congress' Brownfields bill signed into law by the President is taking hug strides in cleaning up nearly 250,000 petroleum contaminated sites, such as abandon gas stations.  No. 5, Natural Resource Damages (NRD), under the Oil Pollution Act, Superfund, and the Clean Water Act.  So as you can see, there are enormous protections through the tort system as well as through environmental laws. Again, I ask my colleagues to oppose the Boxer amendment and support the motion to table.  I yield the floor.  