And that train is a giant giveaway entitlement program. We might be in a position to do something about now, but if we wait, we will not be able to do anything about it.  Medicare already accounts for roughly 12 percent of the Federal spending and will only grow as more and more baby boomers retire. When Medicare was proposed in 1965--and I am one of the few people around old enough to remember that--I can recall the estimate of Medicare Part A that would cost $2.9 billion in 1970. This was 1965. The actual expenditures in 1970 were $5.3 billion, roughly twice what they were estimating back in 1965. The estimate for 1980 was $5.5 billion. This is Medicare now. The actual expenditures that year totaled $25.6 billion. That is five times the estimated amount.  The predicted expenditures for 1990 were $9.1 billion, but the actual expenses totaled $67 billion, nearly seven times the estimated amount. Currently, 76 percent of the Medicare beneficiaries already have some form of drug coverage.  We have talked about the fact that something that is not broken does not need to be fixed. When we start looking at establishing an entitlement program today and go by the Medicare model, this is something that none of our kids and grandkids are going to be able to afford.  So if we keep in mind that 67 percent of the Medicare beneficiaries already have some form of drug coverage--much of it is better than the proposal on the table now--many of these individuals could lose this coverage if a prescription drug benefit is added to Medicare.  CBO estimates that 37 percent of the beneficiaries with employer-based prescription drug coverage would lose that coverage. This accounts for 11 percent of the total Medicare population.  Many pharmaceutical companies already offer programs that give low-income seniors their prescription drugs for free or for reduced prices. If this bill is passes in this form, the companies may eliminate these programs, forcing more people into the Medicare rolls.  One might say, well, we can legislate this and not allow them to do that. That solution is not going to work. That would be an attempt to micromanage the private sector, and that would not work. I do not think there is any Member of this Senate who, if they owned a company that was giving away free programs, then the Government came along and offered something, that they would continue that practice. That is exactly what would happen.  The need to get this legislation to the floor and passed by the end of June, along with the need for bipartisan support, has led to a series of compromises that have resulted in a hodgepodge of a bill. There are elements of this bill that are not only bad policy but will have a detrimental effect on the system as a whole; for instance, the extension of instant Medicaid benefits to illegal aliens, placing an additional burden on Medicaid; loss of employer-based benefits, thus expanding an already large entitlement program.  According to an editorial in the Wall Street Journal yesterday, Monday, seniors already own 60 percent of all the wealth of the country and their worth is only increasing. We cannot continue to finance entitlement programs on the backs of current American workers, which is what this bill does.  The bill is not means tested. We are giving multimillionaires, even billionaires, the same benefit offered to seniors on fixed incomes. In other words, the Bill Gateses and Warren Buffetts would get the same benefit as a retired schoolteacher.  There is a need for Medicare reform to ensure the solvency and stability of the program. However, the current version of this bill does not meet those needs.  I look forward to working with my colleagues to improve this legislation through amendments designed to encourage employers to retain the drug coverage they currently offer, to allow seniors to take advantage of private plans and better options, and to keep the costs low.  I will read a little bit of the editorial I read on the plane coming back to Washington. It says:       The bill that passed the Senate Finance Committee last week      would cover just 50 percent of the drug expenses between $276      and $4,500 annually, then zero up to $5,800, and 90 percent      thereafter. That's nowhere near as good as many seniors      currently have with employer-sponsored coverage. Most      employers will drop or scale back that coverage once they      realize that the feds are willing to pick up part of their      tab.  That is human nature. That is what we are talking about.       The Congressional Budget Office estimates that 37 percent      of those with employer coverage could lose it.  I ask unanimous consent that the entire article be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  