President, let me get back to something the Senator from Arizona said. He is not on the floor now. He mentioned some of the signatures were not verified. They keep using this same argument, which has been refuted over and over again. The Perry Mason he refers to happens to be a Ph.D. chemist. It is documented. Again, we are talking about some 17,000 scientists there. There are 4,000 scientists on the Heidelberg Petition.  Of course, Richard Lindzen, I don't think anyone is going to question his credibility. These studies--particularly the Harvard-Smithsonian study--is a very significant one.  I think the debate has been good. I do not question it when the Senator from Arizona--who I respect immensely--says we will be back. I am hoping it will be necessary to come back because I am hoping we will defeat this amendment. But it is very significant.  Lastly, let me mention I do not know how so many of these groups could be wrong. We have almost every union in the country--the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, the United Mine Workers, the United Steel Workers. We have all these jobs shown up here, some 3.6 million jobs, that would be lost. This analysis was done by a credible organization, Penn State University.  I cannot imagine that any Member of this Senate would come up here and look at this chart and not realize that here we are--we have been going through a recession that began in March of 2000, and we are now pulling out of this recession. The jobs are looking good right now. For something such as this to pass would push us right back in a devastating position.  So when you look at what we are talking about today, we are talking about something that would pass in America and that would not have anything to do with Mexico, anything to do with China, anything to do with India. I can assure you, right now people from those countries are sitting back with their fingers crossed, hoping this passes, because this would be the biggest jobs bill for Mexico and India and the other developing nations that we could pass.  I say to Senator Lieberman, thank you very much for the spirited debate, as I also thank the Senator from Arizona.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time, if there is any.  