President, first of all, I would like to say this is a noncontroversial amendment which everyone is for.  That is not true. But it is a very old subject. I say that in two ways.  It is a subject that has been around for a long time and one that needs to be addressed one way or another.  Second, I am offering an amendment that passed out of the Commerce Committee last year. It does one very simple thing. Currently, the age limit for a commercial pilot is age 60. That was established some 40 years ago. The life expectancy since that time has increased by about 12 years. There is no medical reason that anyone has ever put forward why a pilot should have to stop flying at age 60. Quite frankly, I know pilots who are too old to fly at age 50. I am an exception. I am age 68, and I am a better pilot than I was 40 years ago. But age is arbitrary. There are no two people alike.  For that reason, age 60 being an arbitrary number and having been around for some 40 years, my preference would be not to have any age limit at all. Frankly, I think we should have very strong, stringent medical requirements. That is in the law today. And we should have very strong proficiency requirements. That is in the law today. So long as a person is able to do that, that person should be able to continue. But, realistically, I believe people are going to say, well, that could lead up to very old ages--even my age. They do not want that to happen.  So we are putting an arbitrary age limit of 65 so we can at least look at it for a period of time. There have been a lot of studies. Johns Hopkins University School of Hygiene did a study as to what age someone would not have the proficiency in flying an airplane. They came back and said age has absolutely nothing to do with it. There are other predictors that are much more important. In fact, some studies have shown that airline pilots exceed population norms for physical health and mental ability. I believe that is true because they are required to take physicals on a regular basis.  I am a commercially rated pilot. I have been for some 40 years. I can tell you from personal experience in my particular case. Some of you in this Chamber will remember this. I had an experience just a couple of years ago with a single-engine airplane where the front end of the airplane came off in flight. Normally, with that situation you are through. However, drawing upon experience, I was able to determine where the new stalling speed was, which was three times what the stalling speed normally would be for that aircraft, and come back and made somewhat of a crash landing, I guess, only because I didn't have any gears down there. But, nonetheless, quite frankly, I wonder if I would have been able to do that before.  At this time, I would like to yield the floor so I can see what type of opposition is here today.  I would like to tell you that everyone is for it. Quite frankly, ALPA, the Airline Pilots Association, is not for it. There is a very good reason. It is not a safety reason. It is not an age reason. It is a monetary reason. I have a great deal of respect for younger pilots who are commercial pilots working for theairlines. By getting rid of older pilots, that leaves more upward mobility. That is true. I think that is one of the reasons they are opposed to it. In fact, I think that is the only reason they are opposed to it. Many of the airlines are for it, and some are against it. Some of them are in opposition to my amendment as an economic issue. As a pilot becomes older, he is paid more money. Consequently, the payrolls in an ailing industry would go up. I am sensitive to that. I have weighed that carefully and have determined this is the best thing.  With that, I yield the floor.  