It seems as if we really do not need to talk about Governor Leavitt. I agree with the praises that many people have made of him. I believe that he is probably the best, most qualified nominee we have ever had, but let me take this time to mention some other things.  I already talked about the record, about the Clear Skies legislation mandating a 70-percent reduction in sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and mercury. No President in history has ever mandated that. I look forward to getting to the Clear Skies legislation.  As to cleaner fuels and engines, the diesel rule has been applauded all around for the amount of reduction it will bring. The rule requiring new heavy-duty trucks and buses to run cleaner will cut harmful pollutants by 95 percent. That is a huge amount.  Also, in terms of enforcement, I talked about these in more detail last night, but the President has done more in terms of settlements. Just in this short period of time he has been President we have had settlements with Virginia Electric Power, and they are going to spend $1.2 billion to reduce pollutants. The Archer Daniel Midland settlement has taken place under this administration. It is going to total $335 million that will go toward cleaning up the environment; Alcoa, $2.5 million to fund environmental projects; Lion Oil Company will spend $2.5 million to install state-of-the-art pollution control technologies throughout its refinery; and the settlement with Toyota, the same thing, $34 million. These are all settlements in the Bush administration. They were not settled during the Clinton administration. So he has that record, and it is a record that is better than any previous administration.  In terms of his budget proposal, I think the Senator from Missouri covered that very well. In cleaner water, we have legislation right now in the committee that I chair, and with the cooperation of Senator Jeffords, we have now passed out a nuclear security bill, waste water security bill, and a chemical security bill. Hopefully, they will be taken up and passed before long.  As far as this administration, on brownfields, nobody has been able to hold a candle to what President Bush and his administration have done in brownfields. I am very sensitive to this because I had an amendment on the brownfields bill that would include petroleum sites, some 200,000 petroleum sites, and that has been used as an example for the greatest single area of accomplishment, in terms of cleaning up these sites. We are talking aboutbrownfields as opposed to Superfund sites. The legislation will significantly increase the pace of brownfields cleanups. President Bush's 2004 budget proposal provides $210 million, more than twice the level of funding prior to the passage of this legislation. So I would just say that I join with the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the Trust for Public Land in applauding the President for the accomplishments he has made in brownfields, certainly much better than any other administration.  Then lastly, I would just say that the President has actually done not just good enforcement but smart enforcement. Over the last two fiscal years, the EPA and the Department of Justice enforcement has obtained $8 billion in environmental remediation. This is the best consecutive 2 years of enforcement of any prior administration on record.  I repeat that. In his enforcement, this is the best consecutive 2 years of enforcement of any prior administration on record--the Clinton administration and the previous Bush administration. In fiscal year 2002 the EPA compliance assistance centers provided environmental technical assistance to more than 673,000 businesses and individuals to help them comply with environmental laws. I think that is consistent with the fundamental belief of this President that he does not want to just go out and punish people. He does not want to use that for the mark or the indicator as to what kind of jobs have been done. He wants to help people, help people get sites cleaned up.  Comments have been made about the Superfund by the previous speakers. I would only say that the amount of money that has been appropriated for cleanup of Superfund sites is higher than any other administration that this President actually has for the 2004 budget. I appreciate that.  