President, today I want to recognize Oklahoma's first loss in the fight for our country's security and our country's freedom and future.  LCpl Thomas ``Tommy'' Alan Blair from Broken Arrow, OK, was killed in the line of duty on or about March 23. Lance Corporal Blair was described as a born leader, an enthusiastic student, and a confident young man who loved Oklahoma and his country.  I remember him well when I went out and talked to him and some of the others before their deployment. All of them were enthusiastic, all of them were courageous, but all of them knew they were risking their lives.  He was killed when an enemy rocket-propelled grenade hit and destroyed his amphibious assault vehicle as it was traveling near Nasiriyah, Iraq.  This battle was described as the sharpest battle in the war to date, and Lance Corporal Blair paid the ultimate price--his life. Let me say again, he gave his life. Why would a person pay this price? Why would a person risk facing this fear and die in combat? Lance Corporal Blair fought and died because he was an American, he was a marine, and he knew what freedom really means--the freedom most Iraqis have never known, and a freedom most Americans take for granted.  He fought for Americans who have already forgotten our freedoms were attacked on 9/11. He fought for the pundits who think this war is about oil. He fought for the protesters who have always had the freedom to express their opinions but never considered what it requires to protect and secure these freedoms for the future.  Expressing your opinion in Iraq may cost your tongue being cut out of your mouth, it may cost your wife being raped in front of your children, or your family may just disappear. If you are lucky, it may only cost a bullet in your head without the suffering.  How could such a place void of these fundamental freedoms exist on God's green Earth? This place does exist. It is Iraq under the rule of Saddam Hussein.  Does the average American consider life without these freedoms? Does the average American consider the life of an Iraqi? Does the average American know the bravery Lance Corporal Blair felt in the last seconds of his life? I would say not.  Lance Corporal Blair considered these freedoms and he considered them important enough to join the Marine Corps, serve his country, and eventually sacrifice his life. He gave his life for the continued freedom and security of the American people. He gave his life for the new freedom the Iraqi people will enjoy.  I do remember talking to his group. Many of the people at that time were saying: Why are we so concerned about Iraq? Why not go after Osama bin Laden or some of the other areas? They forget what we are going through now is not a war, it is a battle in Iraq. The war was declared by the President of the United States at 8:30 in the evening on September 11, that fateful day. This is the No. 1 terrorist out there, by any measure. How many people has he tortured? How many people has he murdered? He is the premier terrorist of our time and has to be eradicated.  I ask us and all Americans to think about the freedoms we take for granted, to think about the fear the Iraqi people feel every day, and think about the sacrifice LCpl Thomas Blair and his fellow countrymen have made to ensure we will always enjoy these fundamental freedoms.  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family as they deal with the tragic loss of their son, LCpl Thomas Alan Blair.  