R. 2709.  Mr. President, I would like to make three important points regarding this legislation.  First, the Administration's efforts to get Russia to stop assisting Iran's ballistic missile program have been an abysmal failure.  Second, there is a broader failure of United States proliferation policy--a failure of monumental and potentially deadly proportions.  Finally, the Senate must now take a greater role in addressing the proliferation crisis. Passage of the Iran Missile Sanctions Act is a first step.  Since the fall of the Soviet Union, many in the United States have been greatly concerned that Russian entities were providing assistance to other state's ballistic missile programs. As evidence mounted, the Clinton Administration responded with diplomatic efforts from the working level up through the high level Commission chaired by Vice President Gore. Diplomatic efforts were supplemented with economic incentives.  When additional reports of new and ongoing assistance emerged, including transfers to Iran in probable violation of the Missile Technology Control Regime, Congress waited for the Administration to impose the sanctions required. When sanctions were not imposed, some in Congress sought additional legislation to ``encourage'' the Administration to impose sanctions.  The Administration again urged the Congress to wait--to give the diplomatic process more time, to give the Russians time to get an enforcement mechanism in place. Administration officials have repeatedly assured us that they have the problem under control.  They are wrong.  The Congressional Research Service summarizes the situation aptly when it reports that:       Despite official denials from Moscow through 1997, evidence      is growing of a pattern of missile technology transfers to      Iran by Russian enterprises, institutes, and individuals,      with direct and indirect Russian Government involvement, in      violation of Russian commitments under the Missile Technology      Control Regime (MTCR). Russian assistance could significantly      accelerate Iran's indigenous missile program . . .  There is ample intelligence information that supports this assessment, and I believe it is important for Senators to have the opportunity to review this information. Therefore, Senator Kerrey and I directed the Select Committee on Intelligence staff to prepare a compendium of the classified intelligence reporting on this subject and it is available for Senators to review in S-407.  My second point is that the Administration's failure to stop Russia from providing assistance to Iran's missile program is only part of the broader failure of the Administration's non-proliferation policy.  There is an ongoing pattern of assistance by Russia, China, and North Korea to rogue states and to other states such as India and Pakistan. There is also a pattern of weak Clinton Administration response to this proliferation. There is a connection. The Indians cited the weak Clinton Administration response to China's proliferation of missiles and nuclear assistance to Pakistan as one of the reasons they decided to test nuclear weapons.  Some states seek weapons of mass destruction for prestige or in an attempt to enhance their global role. Countries like India and Pakistan justify their efforts by citing regional security concerns.  Others like Iraq, Iran, and North Korea seek these weapons to threaten and intimidate their neighbors, in particular U.S. friends and allies, to threaten forward-deployed U.S. forces, and ultimately to threaten the United States itself.  Such states do not wish to confront U.S. conventional military forces--the best in the world--with conventional weapons alone. They prefer to threaten our forces, or our cities, with asymmetric weapons of mass destruction to deter us from carrying out policies to protect our global interests.  If states believe they can change the calculation of risks and benefits, they have a strong strategic incentive to acquire these missiles. Our near-total vulnerability to the ballistic missile threat only furthers their incentives.  Without stronger disincentives, other states will continue to seek the financial, political, and strategic advantages that may be gained through proliferation, and through taking advantage of our patience and vulnerabilities.  They have repeatedly offered carrots without wielding or credibily threatening the stick.  Indeed, in many disturbing ways, the Administration's policies toward Russia and China may have enabled oreven encouraged proliferation. By failing to respond to dangerous proliferation acdtivities to the maximum extent possible under domestic and international law, they have led others to question the will and ability of the United States to take strong measures to punish proliferators.  Unfortunately, the Executive Branch has not yet come to this realization.  It appears to be difficult to get this Administration to act with resolve, either by adding backbone to its proliferation policies or by responding to existing and future threats by developing additional means of deterrence and defense. It is difficult to persuade them to make diplomacy and arms control agreements tools of policy rather than policy objectives in-and-of themselves.  However, the Congress can not simply stand back and point our fingers at the White House. We must do all that we can do to demonstrate that America has the will and the ability to respond.  We must provide adequate funding to the Intelligence Community and to our military forces to detect and deter, and to prevail when deterrence fails. We must put in place the legislative mechanisms to enforce a robust counter-proliferation policy. We must continue to force the Administration to disclose dangerous proliferation activities. And we must make sanctions mandatory.  Challenging, deterring, and defending against proliferation won't be easy or cost free. But it is the right thing to do.  Mr. President, American lives are at stake.  The Senate must act. Mr. President, I urge the adoption of the bill before us.  