 President, I rise today to add my voice to the debate regarding the FY 1999 Agriculture Appropriations bill. While I know this billcontains numerous important items including funding for agricultural research, credit programs, conservation programs, and food safety initiatives, I want to specifically mention my concern regarding the portions of this legislation which provide emergency relief to America's farmers.  The last few years have been very difficult for America's farmers. I know this very well because of the numerous difficulties suffered by farmers in my state of Alabama. Last year, North Alabama was hit with an especially cold and rainy spring which greatly reduced the yields of cotton farmers. Peanut farmers in Southeastern Alabama were hit with a toxic mold blight which cost them greatly when they tried to market their peanuts. Before the close of the Summer of 1997, Hurricane Danny dumped inches of rain on and brought devastating winds to Southwestern Alabama. This storm alone caused millions of dollars in crop losses and farm related damages.  Mr. President, unfortunately I cannot say that weather conditions improved much in Alabama this year. Early spring flooding was followed by devastating heat and drought. Alabama's cotton producers, corn producers, cattle producers and peanut producers were forced to battle extreme conditions as they tried to keep crops and livestock alive. If this was not enough, Hurricane Georges swept through the Gulf Coast this past week and caused millions of dollars more in crop losses.  To add insult to these weather-induced injuries, the troubled economic conditions in Asia and throughout other parts of the world have decreased the number of available markets for our farmers. The loss of these markets has in turn led to lower prices. Where our farmers have actually made a crop, they are finding that the market has bottomed out and there is very little profit available to them.  Mr. President, a series of natural disasters coupled with economic collapse have hit Alabama's farmers extremely hard. They need help.  I am well aware of the fact that many other regions have suffered significant farm-related losses. As I have pointed out, however they have not been affected exclusively. I want the devastation that Alabama's farmers have suffered to be recognized on the record.  Mr. President, this bill provides $2.1 billion in disaster assistance funding and grants the Secretary of Agriculture broad discretion to implement disaster assistance awards. I urge the Secretary to make a full and complete review of all the factors affecting farmers in every region of the country. I want it noted that I believe that it is fundamentally important that the Secretary be aware of the extreme conditions that have befallen farmers in my state.  When Secretary Glickman makes the awards for farm disasters and economic losses, I want him to make them based on a fair appraisal of all farm losses throughout the country. I believe that all my colleagues will agree. Our farmers deserve no less.  