 President, I rise to oppose the Dodd amendment, and my opposition is this:  First, the Dodd amendment would give foreign organizations--foreign organizations--extraordinary statutory privileges to expedite and to compel declassification of U.S. national security information. Yes, it would give foreign organizations--not us--extraordinary statutory privileges to expedite and compel declassification of U.S. national security information, something that we have not ever had.  Creating such statutory rights, which the Dodd amendment, if it is adopted and becomes law, will do, also opens the door to foreign organizations to take intelligence, law enforcement, defense and foreign policy agencies to court to compel special declassification requests.  Second, to complete the review of the numerous documents that fall under this amendment in just 4 months--4 months--agencies will be forced to reassign personnel, many of whom would otherwise be carrying out important mission functions, or risk being sued by foreign organizations for noncompliance. Imagine that, think about this, I ask my colleagues this afternoon.  Third, this amendment offered by the Senator from Connecticut is woefully inadequate in protecting intelligence sources and methods and, as a result, will chill current and future sources from providing the CIA with critical information--the very information that policymakers need to address human rights and other important foreign policy issues in many countries.  Fourth, the Dodd amendment applies the same standards for withholding information that are being used to declassify records relating to the JFK assassination. The JFK records are over 40 years old. The documents covered by this amendment are much newer, some only a year old. Because the privacy, law enforcement and intelligence concerns are much greater in newer documents, there is no reason for the standards to be any different than those set out in President Clinton's Executive Order No. 12958. Otherwise, we risk jeopardizing ongoing prosecutions, losing critical intelligence sources and methods, and releasing private information.  Mr. President, while we have previously enacted declassification exceptions for other historical records, special statutory authority to expedite and compel declassification of records should be exclusively reserved for American citizens, not foreign entities.  The intelligence community has informed the Intelligence Committee in the Senate that it expects that substantial litigation costs will result if the amendment offered by the Senator from Connecticut becomes law.  Litigation costs can be approximately 100 times as much per case than processing information for declassification and usually results in little, if any, additional information being released. Just think about it, Mr. President. Think about how far this amendment will go.  Finally, the Dodd amendment is an unfunded mandate. Agencies would be required to pay for this declassification requirement out of existing funds. I understand that there are only a limited number of personnel with the necessary expertise to review and to declassify our intelligence records. As a result, resources spent on reviewing documents for the foreign organizations under this amendment, if it were adopted, will no longer be available to process declassification requests for others--including many U.S. citizens. U.S. citizens with equally meritorious requests for information will have to stand aside while these foreign entities go to the front of the line.  In the fiscal year 1998, Mr. President, Congress funded a special declassification program to review and to declassify many of these documents. Since this amendment changes the standards for withholding information, the intelligence community will have to re-review the documents that the taxpayers have already paid to review.  Mr. President, at the proper time I would hope that we would table this amendment, especially until we have an opportunity to fully consider its impact on the intelligence community and the Departments of State, Defense and Justice, as well as the American people.  I think this amendment has not been well thought out. I know it has not been debated at length yet.  I yield the floor.  