 SARBANES. Let me make the point, and then I would be happy to yield.  The next sentence said:       The Government provides deposit insurance through the FDIC      and the FSLIC with a financial backup from the U.S. Treasury.  ``The Government provides deposit insurance through the FDIC and the FSLIC with a financial backup from the U.S. Treasury.''  That wasn't quoted as a rationale why it is reasonable to expect financial institutions to look after the needs of their community--because they are getting a very important Government support in the deposit insurance.  Now, Senator Proxmire made the statement in 1977. To prove his statement, in the 1980s, and to underscore the meaningfulness of the public benefits provided to federally insured financial institutions during the S crisis, the GAO report says that ``the direct and indirect cost to the United States taxpayers of resolving the savings and loan crisis, namely delivering on this insurance which is provided to them, was $132 billion--$132 billion--``and that does not include the interest expenses associated with financing the direct costs of the crisis which would drive the figure even higher.''  So, please, with all respect to the former chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, if we are going to start doing selections out of his statements, certainly we should include what I regard as the most important single rationale that he put there:       The Government provides deposit insurance through the FDIC      and the FSLIC with a financial backup from the U.S. Treasury.  Now, that comes right out of the Congressional Record of January 24, 1977, which is what the Senator said in the letter he sent to Members he was quoting from. But, unfortunately, for the purposes of clarity in debate, that provision was not cited. Of course, that is the very provision that became applicable in the 1980s when we had the S crisis, and we delivered to the tune of $132 billion in order to honor the deposit insurance requirements. Obviously, without the deposit insurance requirements, you wouldn't have these industries. They are absolutely dependent on them to provide a basic level of financial stability and consumer confidence.  So I appreciate the Senator yielding, but I thought it was important to get that on the Record at this point, although we will bring it up again in the debate later on.  