 President, today I introduce a bipartisan bill with my colleagues, Senators John Rockefeller and Carol Moseley-Braun. Entitled the ``Manufactured Housing Improvement Act,'' (MHIA) this bill is designed to modernize the requirements under the National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 and to establish a balanced consensus process for the development, revision, and interpretation of Federal construction and safety standards for manufactured homes.  Many do not realize that the manufactured homes of today are completely different from those of twenty or even ten years ago. They also do not realize that this is the fastest growing segment of the housing industry, and that it accounts for one out of every three new single family homes sold. Between 1980 and 1990, the industry experienced a 60 percent growth in market share, and last year set a twenty year sales record. There are good consumer-oriented reasons for this tremendous growth--manufactured housing offers quality and aesthetically pleasing housing at an average cost of $37,300, excluding the land. Today, manufactured housing has lowered the threshold to the American Dream of home ownership for millions of Americans, including first-time home buyers, senior citizens, young families, and single parents.  At a time when home ownership is becoming harder for the average American to attain, and with more than 5.3 million Americans paying more than 50 percent of their incomes on rent, I believe it is imperative to update the laws that regulate the private sector solution to affordable housing. In order for the manufactured housing industry to remain competitive, Congress must modernize the National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974.  My bill would do just that. MHIA would establish a consensus committee that would submit recommendations to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) for developing, amending and revising both the Federal Manufactured Home Constructionand Safety Standards. This provision will allow the manufactured housing industry to update and create applicable building codes and standards just like other participants in the housing industry. In addition, the committee would be authorized to interpret the standards, thereby eliminating confusion and uncertainty in the market place.  The Manufactured Housing Improvement Act would authorize the Secretary of HUD to use industry labeling fees for the administration of the consensus committee and the hiring of additional HUD staff. The Secretary of HUD would also be authorized to use industry label fees to promote the availability and affordability of manufactured housing.  This legislation is a very significant step forward in that both the Manufactured Housing Institute and the Manufactured Housing Association for Regulatory Reform endorse this legislation. The industry participants have modernized the quality and technology of manufactured housing. Congress must now modernize the laws that regulate an industry that provides affordable housing and contributes more than $23 billion annually to our nation's economy. 