 Community banks by their very nature serve the needs of their communities. They do not need, I believe, a burdensome Government mandate to force them to allocate credit or to originate profitable loans.  Friday, I spoke in this Chamber about the regulatory burden of the CRA on small community banks in the United States. I cited then statistics that show small banks are less efficient than large institutions and suffer from excessive regulations.  My colleagues should know that the amendment I have just offered would exempt only 11.2 percent of bank assets nationwide. This is nearly the same amount of assets as one of the largest financial institutions in America, BankAmerica. Can you imagine that? All the small banks of America, with $250 million in deposits or assets or less, have 11.2 percent of the assets, and one bank, and probably several others, has a lot more than all of these banks put together.  I thought it might be helpful to hear from a small bank with less than $80 million in assets. They have written to me to complain about the regulatory burden of the CRA. This institution is probably typical of small communitybanks nationwide. And the institution officer asked to remain anonymous for obvious reasons, for they are worried about repercussions from overzealous Federal regulators or bureaucrats. I would feel the same way. But the CEO of the small bank in my State wrote as follows:       As a local community bank, we willingly and proudly provide      banking services to all segments of the population. However,      the Community Reinvestment Act is overly burdensome, costly      and makes it difficult for us to compete and to offer our      customers the service they deserve. Presently, [I have] an      employee in the bank who spends 35 percent of his time just      making sure we are in compliance with the Community      Reinvestment Act. These duties include: (1) Quarterly reports      to the board of directors detailing the community activities      of our officers and directors; (2) Plotting each loan on a      map of the county; (3) Reviewing all loans on a weekly basis      for the purpose of breaking down income levels by number and      total dollar volume; (4) Reviewing all loan denials and      approvals weekly for the purpose of ensuring compliance with      CRA; (5) Providing an on-going self-assessment of the bank's      CRA plan and performance.  I have dozens of letters similar to these, but the one from which I just read articulates the burden as well as any of them.  Opponents of our amendment suggest here that the CRA regulations have been reduced and are not burdensome. The CRA regulations may have been reduced, but the burden is still there. Bankers have to study hundreds of pages' worth of guidance manuals and attend seminars to assure CRA compliance. In fact, some banks have staff whose only job is to ensure CRA compliance. Of course, compliance costs with small bankers are not the only costs of the CRA. The very mandate of credit allocation increases the cost of banks in and of itself, and I would like to take a moment to explain here this afternoon why the Community Reinvestment Act is nothing more than a Government-mandated credit allocation, much like the mandated credit allocation in East Asia that has caused the currency crisis, among other things. The chart would show this.  What are the small bank performance standards? I will go through these. According to the Code of Federal Regulations, CFR, section 25.26, the ``Performance criteria'' for small banks depend on (i) bank's loan-to-deposit ratio; (ii) percentage of loans located in the bank's assessment area; (iii) bank's record of lending for borrowers of different income levels and businesses and farms of different sizes; (iv) geographic distribution of the bank's loans; (v) bank's record of taking action in response to written complaints about its performance in helping to meet credit needs in its assessment areas.  Mandate (i) judges all small banks around the country on their loan-to-deposit ratio. However, the loan-to-deposit ratio for one bank may not be appropriate for another bank. One banker told me his record of ``community lending'' was questioned by a Federal bank regulator based on a low loan-to-deposit ratio. The banker responded, ``My bank is in the middle of a retirement community. There are not too many senior citizens applying for community development loans.'' How does the Federal Government know what the appropriate loan-to-deposit level is for Winfield, AL, or Lafayette, LA, or some other town in America?  Mandate (ii) judges all small banks around the country based on the loans made in a specific assessment area. Why should the Federal Government dictate to any business who his customers should or should not be? What if there is no loan demand in that area?  Mandate (iii) judges all small banks on their lending based on the ``different income levels.'' The performance criteria in Section 25.26 never mentions credit worthiness or the consideration of risk. When the free market allocates capital and credit, risk is always the distinguishing factor--and it should be.  Mandate (iv) forces all small banks to lend not only in a specific assessment area, but under a geographic distribution established by the Federal Government. One banker told me the regulator was challenging his geographic distribution of lending and asked the banker why he had not made loans in a certain area. The banker responded, ``I can't make any community loans there. Nobody wants to build in the middle of a lake.'' There was a large lake there, but the bureaucracy didn't know it or recognize it. The point is simple: Federal regulators do not know the small communities across America like the people that live there, and work there every day.  Mandate (v) judges a bank's record of responding to its customers. Businesses across America do this voluntarily without the Federal Government judging its performance. It is called customer service. The responsiveness of a business to its customer's needs is usually measured by the success of the business. In the free market, no business will stay in operation if it does not satisfy the needs of its customers.  The costs of Government-mandated credit allocation results in increased cost to consumers. First, CRA raises the costs of inputs to banks by forcing them to comply with the regulatory burden of CRA--we are entering the 21st century and bankers are still forced to stick pins in maps on the walls of the bank in order to indicate where loans are made. Second, making loans according to a Federal formula increases the risks, and therefore the costs, of borrowing to consumers.  The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond published its 1994 Annual Report on ``Neighborhoods and Banking'' where it reported its findings on the costs of CRA. The report found:       [T]he regulatory burden (of CRA) would fall on bank-     dependent borrowers in the form of higher loan rates and on      bank-dependent savers in the form of lower deposit rates. And      to the extent that lending induced by the CRA regulations      increases the risk exposure of the deposit insurance funds,      taxpayers who ultimately back those funds bear some of the      burden as well.  The Fed report goes on to say: ``* * * CRA imposes a tax on banks * * *''  The costs and risks associated with CRA are ultimately shouldered by the consumer. We know that. There is no justification for Congress to articially increase the costs of borrowing to the consumer. By maintaining the status quo of CRA, Congress actually hampers investment and growth by increasing loan rates and lowering deposit rates. Congress should adopt policies that help reduce the cost of borrowing, that help reduce the regulatory burden. Congress should adopt a small bank exemption to the Community Reinvestment Act. That would, again, only exempt 11.2 percent of the assets in banks in America, but it would be a God save for the community banks all over America.  