 President, I appreciate the effort of the Senator from Ohio, first, in offering this very important amendment and, second, in briefly tonight explaining to the Senate the kinds of resources that are to be acquired with the additional assistance he has been talking about. I also commend him for his diligence in seeking additional funds for the Coast Guard dealing with interdiction.  Mr. DeWINE. I thank my friend from Alabama very much for his very kind words and for his leadership in assisting with this amendment.  There is one additional component, Mr. President, of this amendment that I would like to discuss briefly this evening, and that is the set-aside that will enable the Coast Guard to restore a very effective drug interdiction program in the Caribbean.  My interest in drug interdiction activities in the Caribbean stems, in part, from my interest in the island nation of Haiti. The hard reality is that the Caribbean--from Haiti to the Bahamas--is fast becoming once again a major illegal drug transit route.  On one of my recent trips, Mr. President, I saw that, in particular, Haiti is becoming an attractive rest-stop on the cocaine highway. It is strategically located about halfway between the source country, Colombia, and the destination country, the United States. Haiti law enforcement, though slowly getting better, is, at this point, utterly unequipped, unprepared to put a dent in this drug trade.  What is more, the Coast Guard fleet consists of a handful of boats. They are making progress. They have certainly a long way to go. As the poorest country in the hemisphere, Haiti is extremely vulnerable to the kind of bribery and corruption that the drug trade needs in order to flourish. Not surprisingly, the level of drugs moving now through Haiti has dramatically increased.  According to a U.S. Government interagency assessment on cocaine movement, in 1996 between 5 and 8 percent of the cocaine coming into the United States passed through Haiti. By the third quarter of 1997, the percentage jumped to 12 percent, and increased yet again to 19 percent by the end of that year.  Accordingly, we responded to this crisis with an interdiction strategy called Operation Frontier Lance--Operation Frontier Lance--which utilized Coast Guard cutters, speedboats, and helicopters, all to detect and capture drug dealers on a 24-hour-per-day basis.  Incidentally, this operation was modeled after another successful interdiction effort that took place off the coast of Puerto Rico called Operation Frontier Shield.  Mr. President, last May I boarded the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Dallas and observed Operation Frontier Lance and observed the men and women who are on the front line--and were on the front line--carrying out our antidrug operation. And I came away thinking that this is the kind of effort, the kind of coordination of resources, that we need not just off the coast of Haiti and the Dominican Republic but also throughout the drug trafficking routes throughout the entire Caribbean.  Mr. President, unfortunately--unfortunately--funding for Frontier Lance ran out last month. This once effective roadblock on the cocaine highway is no more. With our amendment, we can get that operation and/or similar operations in the region back up and running.  Specifically, our amendment secures operations funding that will allow Operation Frontier Lance or similar operations to resume. And with the additional resources I described earlier, the Coast Guard has an even greater ability to flex its drug interdiction muscle in the entire region.  Mr. President, I express my thanks again to the chairman and the ranking member of the Transportation Subcommittee, Senator Shelby and Senator Lautenberg, for their very effective efforts to assist me and the distinguished list of cosponsors of this amendment. I also send my thanks to the staff of the subcommittee for their effort. Their effort was great and it was first rate. This would not have happened without them.  As I said at the beginning of my statement, Mr. President, this amendment today is a first step. I expect that there will be many more steps in the future, steps that are needed if we are going to restore a truly balanced, truly effective drug control strategy.  This amendment represents a bipartisan effort to make a targeted and very specific investment, an investment in stopping drugs before--before--they reach America. It will take similar efforts over the course of the next 3 years to bring our drug strategy back into balance and, most important, back on the course of reducing drug use in our homes, our schools, and our communities.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  