 President, I rise today to commend to my colleagues the nomination of Joan A. Dempsey, the former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, and most recently the Director of Central Intelligence's Chief of Staff. Ms. Dempsey is the first nominee for the newly created position of Deputy Director of Central Intelligence for Community Management.  Although Ms. Dempsey was nominated by the President just before the Senate adjourned last November, the Vice Chairman and I have waited to consider the nomination until outstanding issues regarding other positions created by the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 were resolved.  We have reached an accommodation with the Director of Central Intelligence on these other positions, and we expect the President to put forward a nominee for the position of Assistant Director of Central Intelligence (ADCI) for Administration, soon. We have also agreed to allow the DCI to fill the positions of ADCI for Collection and ADCI for Analysis and Production without exercising the Senate's right for advice and consent, for up to one year, while we assess the new management structure.  Ms. Dempsey appeared before the Committee in an open hearing on May 21, 1998. It is apparent that Ms. Dempsey is a well qualified career intelligence professional. The Committee is confident that she is entirely capableof doing a fine job as the Deputy DCI for Community Management.  The Intelligence Community is facing a time of revolutionary change that is driven by the explosion of information technology. These rapid changes in technology must be assessed, evaluated and quickly integrated into all phases of the intelligence cycle. The Community must also have the flexibility to quickly focus on new and sometimes non-traditional targets. This requirement for flexibility was most recently underscored by the failure to anticipate the nuclear tests conducted by India. These events caught the Intelligence Community by surprise despite plenty of strategic warning that Indian leaders planned to revise their nation's nuclear policy. I do not agree with those who say that ``we weren't surprised'' by the tests because, in hindsight, they logically followed from what was being said publicly.  This was a huge intelligence failure. As Zbigniew Brzezinski said in a recent editorial: ``India's nuclear weapons tests . . . signal a truly consequential intelligence scandal.'' He went on to say: ``. . . it is the task of the intelligence community to detect, in a timely fashion, major foreign initiatives or programs that bear either on American security or affect American foreign policy interests.'' More pointed than my own recent criticisms, Mr. Brzezinski concluded that ``the failure . . . in the case of India suggests significant and truly disturbing incompetence both on the level of collection and analysis within the intelligence community.'' Mr. president, we can debate the nature of the failure, but it was a failure nonetheless.  Did the Community fail because of the way collection priorities were assessed and assigned? Was there too much reliance on certain types of intelligence collection and information? Is the ``Intelligence Community'' acting cohesively as a community, or is it resisting truly effective integration because of concerns over bureaucratic turf? Who brokers potential disputes over such turf and who has the authority to arbitrate agreements that are honored? These are all very important questions and the Intelligence Committee is seeking answers.  In my view, the issues facing the Intelligence Community today are not solely a function of the level of resources that are available, even though this is a significant part of the problem. The Intelligence Community is still in many ways reacting to a changing world and not yet anticipating it. The Intelligence Community often displays the symptoms of an entrenched and calcified bureaucracy. This, Mr. President, must change.  In the final analysis, our Intelligence agencies are accountable to the American people for two basic things: (1) to alert them to external threats; and (2) to spend their tax dollars efficiently and effectively. A great deal of the responsibility for these matters will rest on this nominee's shoulders. The Committee believes that she possesses the knowledge and leadership qualities that this new position will demand. We look to Ms. Dempsey to assist the DCI in ensuring that the Intelligence Community attains these goals and lives up to the highest standards of accountability as they work toward them.  Mr. President, the Committee has reported the nomination of Joan A. Dempsey to be Deputy Director of Central Intelligence and we recommend that the nomination be confirmed. I urge my colleagues to support the recommendation of the Committee and vote in favor of Ms. Dempsey's nomination. I yield the floor.  