 President, in putting together the Fiscal Year 1999 Transportation Appropriations bill, we were faced with the difficulty of trying to adhere to the spending levels in the new highway and transit authorization bill and still provide adequate levels of funding for other transportation priorities. We have done that in this bill, and I think it represents a balanced approach to meeting our nation's transportation needs. I want to thank the Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations Senator Stevens, for all his assistance and advice as we put this bill together and moved it through sub and full committee consideration.  We have also worked diligently with the senior Senator from New Jersey,Senator Lautenberg, the ranking minority member of the subcommittee on transportation appropriations, and with the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations, Senator Byrd, to try to accommodate the requests of every Member of the Senate. No one got everything they asked for, but I think as Members look at the details of the bill, they will see that we did our best, with the limited resources we had, to accommodate everyone's request.  I want to outline just a few highlights of the bill, if I may.  The Airport Improvement Program is set at $2.1 billion for 1999, the highest level ever. This funding will expand the capacity of our Nation's airports, reduce delays and congestion, and, most importantly, it will improve aviation safety in America. As the demand for air travel increases, we must ensure that our airports are able to efficiently handle traffic that will come with it.  Highway spending is also at the highest level in history--more than $27 billion. This funding will help States clear out their backlog of overdue highway construction and improvement projects. With more than 40,000 American lives lost each year on our Nation's highways, we must do everything to make them as safe as possible. Highway spending not only improves safety but also will provide good jobs for thousands of Americans.  I believe we have adequately funded both the Coast Guard and the Federal Aviation Administration operations accounts, and we have provided increased flexibility for the Secretary to manage both operations accounts to meet air traffic control and drug interdiction demands.  I am pleased that we were able to fully appropriate the authorized levels for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. That agency's funding in this bill represents an 8 percent increase over last year and will aid in their efforts to conduct airbag research, develop automatic crash avoidance technologies, and increase seatbelt use, and also reduce drunk driving on our highways.  The Federal Transit Administration will receive $5.365 billion, an 11 percent increase from 1998. These funds will be used to build new light rail transit systems, replace dilapidated public buses, and construct intermodal facilities to speed the transfer of people from one transportation mode to another.  Regarding Amtrak, the bill provides an additional $555 million on top of the $1.1 billion Amtrak will receive from the Taxpayer Relief Act that we passed last year.  My concerns about the level of Federal subsidies for Amtrak are well known in this body. Since the railroad was created in 1971, Amtrak has received $21 billion in Federal support. That is an average of $750 million a year. Mr. President, that is a disproportionately high level of subsidy for a railroad that only serves 20 million intercity passengers every year. Mr. President, by way of comparison, 600 million Americans fly every year. This means that more people fly in a 2-week period than ride Amtrak over the course of the year. The bill before you this evening contains a provision requiring Amtrak to print the per-passenger subsidy on each Amtrak ticket sold. According to the GAO, Amtrak loses an average of $47 per passenger. I think the American people have a right to know how their tax dollars are being spent.  Finally, Mr. President, let me comment on the Project Labor agreement provision. At full committee consideration of the transportation appropriations bill, the chairman requested that we postpone the debate on this provision until the floor. I believe that the chairman's position to postpone this debate until the floor made sense. And I know that he has been working to resolve this issue in a fashion that will allow the transportation appropriations bill to move expeditiously through the Senate. I will continue to work with the chairman and with Members on both sides of this issue to see if we can craft--and I believe we will be able to craft--a solution that is workable for everyone involved. The intent of the original language in the bill was to prohibit discrimination against any worker in this country simply because he or she chooses not to join a union.  Mr. President, I am proud of what we have been able to accomplish in this bill. I believe it will benefit all Americans by improving transportation services in this country. I look forward to working with the members of the committee and the Members of the Senate to move this bill through the Senate.  