 President, I rise because I have concerns about efforts to ease or remove export restrictions on certain hardware and software encryption products. Export controls on encryption and on other products serve a clearly defined purpose--to protect our nation's security. The Intelligence Committee believes that the effects on U.S. national security must be the paramount concern when considering any proposed change to encryption export policy, and the Committee will seek referral of any legislation regarding encryption export policy under its jurisdiction established under Senate Resolution 400. With our on-going investigation into the possible technology transfers to China, the Vice Chairman and I are also concerned that any effort to change U.S. export policy on encryption be consistent with the export policy review included in our investigation.  Export restrictions on encryption products assist the Intelligence Community in its signals intelligence mission. By collecting and analyzing signals intelligence, U.S. intelligence agencies seek to understand the policies, intentions, and plans of foreign state and nonstate actors. Signals intelligence plays an important role in the formation of American foreign and defense policy. It is also a significant factor in the U.S. efforts to protect its citizens and armed forces against terrorism, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, narcotics trafficking, international crime and other threats to our nation's security.  While the Committee recognizes the commercial interest in easing or removing export restrictions, it believes the safety of our citizens and armed forces should be the predominant concern when considering U.S. policy towards the export of any product. The Committee supports the continued control of encryption products, and believes that a comprehensive strategy on encryption export policy can be developed that addresses national security concerns as well as the promotion of American commercial interests abroad.  I look forward to working with Senator Lott and others as legislation moves through the Senate.  