 President, I will take just a minute tonight. I associate myself with Senator Gramm. We worked on this together in the Banking Committee and we will be working together on this for a long time. I will take a minute to inform the Senate of my objections to H.R. 10.  I believe that members of the Senate have not had the proper time to study and debate this matter. Most do not even know what is in this bill. This is a very complicated bill. There are a lot of good things in it, but there are some things that Senator Gramm has raised and I will raise as the debate goes along that we need to debate and we need to take out of this bill. I believe Senators are just being told basically that this is a historical opportunity, you must pass H.R. 10.  Think about it tonight. We make history in this Chamber, the U.S. Senate, every day. If we pass H.R. 10 just because everyone on Wall Street tells us to pass H.R. 10, this will, indeed, be a historical moment. But I don't believe that is going to happen, not with a lot of the provisions that are now in the bill.  If H.R. 10 is so great, why is everyone reluctant to debate the bill? How come the members of the Senate Banking Committee were not permitted to read, study, or share the manager's amendment until the morning of the markup? Is that the way a Committee is supposed to function? What is hidden in this bill?  I'll tell you one thing that is in this bill--so well hidden, not one of the bank trade associations--not the American Bankers Association, the Independent Bankers Association of America, America's Community Bankers, the Bankers Roundtable or even the Consumer Bankers Association knew the implications of the CRA expansion in this bill until Senator Gramm and I sent around a ``Dear Colleague'' about a week and a half ago. None of those associations realized that they were subjecting member bank officers and directors to million-dollar-a-day civil money penalties for CRA noncompliance.  Why didn't the associations realize this? These associations are caught up in the rush to judgment. They have not given proper consideration to this bill, and neither have we.  With less than a week to go in this Congress, H.R. 10 is being jammed through the Senate. The Senate is supposed to be the deliberative body.  There are many good things in H.R. 10, Mr. President, but there are also many bad things in H.R. 10. Currently, community groups and even labor unions use CRA to protest the merger of financial institutions. Most of the time, the merging institutions are forced to pay off the protest groups just in order to consummate the merger. Make no mistake about it, this is legalized extortion, one that the U.S. government is aiding and abetting.  The financial institutions who support this bill are used to paying off consumer groups. Nationsbank and BankAmerica have committed $350 billion to CRA in order to merge. Citibank and Travelers Group have committed over $100 billion to CRA in order to merge. These large institutions are used to paying a toll every time they want to do business.  That may be fine for Wall Street, but that is not fine for Main Street. Not every financial institution around the country has $350 billion to buy off consumer groups and labor unions.  Who do you think pays for this legalized extortion? I'll tell you who: all the paying customers in this country. Everybody is complaining about large institutions charging more and more fees at higher rates, ATM fees, late fees and the like. It takes a lot of fees to pay for a $350 billion CRA commitment.  Senator Gramm and I have consistently stated our position since the Banking Committee first held a hearing on H.R. 10 several months ago. We will not seek to repeal, reduce or eliminate the CRA as it stands in its current form. However, we will not agree to expanding either the scope or the enforcement authority of CRA in H.R. 10.  Now, some have insisted on expanding both the scope and enforcement authority of CRA in H.R. 10. In this bill, some even delink CRA from deposit insurance and subject bank affiliated wholesale financial institutions woofies to CRA. The interesting thing about this is the woofies do not take deposits of less than $100,000 and are not insured by the Federal Government.  I guess, we could roll over like all the banks before us who have paid off the consumer groups. But, I for one, will not succumb to that kind of extortion, and I will fight this thing as long as it stays in the bill. Government mandated credit allocation is wrong. Legalized extortion is wrong.  Last week, Senator Gramm said that this is a principled objection. It is. We will not be bought off by Wall Street. Wall Street does not have the best interest of Americans in mind in this bill. The only thing they understand is dollars and cents. The principle they understand is profit. The interest of Wall Street is not always the interest of Main Street.  Here is a message for Wall Street in terms I hope they can understand: If you really want to pass financial modernization, in order to consummate mergers and make money off of every American by offering a vast array of services, go to those that are insisting on expanding CRA and ask them to work with Senator Gramm and myself in making H.R. 10 CRA neutral. Otherwise, I believe this bill will ultimately fail. There may be some late nights and strong words, but I, for one, am committed to ensuring this bill will not become law.  