 President, there has been a lot said about the amendment that we have offered to exempt small banks from the Community Reinvestment Act. A popular mantra is that if the small bank exemption amendment passes, President Clinton will veto the bill; therefore, the Senate should not take up this amendment. I have also been told this is not the time or the place to take up an amendment to CRA. But I believe, Mr. President, that such assertions are not valid.  H.R. 1151 essentially eliminates the common bond requirement, allowing credit unions to serve virtually any and every group now.  In addition, H.R. 1151 explicitly authorizes credit unions to perform commercial lending activities. In doing so, this Congress is overturning a historical Supreme Court decision and the law of the land for about 60 years. While expanding the role of credit unions, we continue to protect the tax exemption credit unions now enjoy.  Small community banks, Mr. President, however, serve the local community but have to compete with the higher cost of funds, a higher regulatory burden, and of course a considerable tax burden. While we increase the competitive advantage of small bank competitors in this bill, we do nothing to help small banks compete on a more level playing field.  So, Mr. President, for those who suggest that this is not the time or the place for this amendment to exempt the small banks of America from the CRA, I have to disagree. Credit unions are increasing their market share over community banks in small local markets with higher savings rates and lower lending rates, rates small banks cannot match thanks to the tax and regulatory burdens that constitute the competitive disadvantage here. The small bank exemption from the Community Reinvestment Act has everything to do with the competitive equity we are talking about--leveling the playing field between local community banks and credit unions.  The President, of course, has the right to veto a bill if he so chooses. That is the legislative process. We all know that. However, I do not believe the President would veto this bill if this amendment were part of it. The Senate Banking Committee worked very hard to draft a responsible bill, and, by and large, I think we did just that. Nevertheless, Mr. President, I believe H.R. 1151, the bill before us now, can be improved. And, to that extent, this is the time and this is the place to improve the bill.  Yesterday, the Senate failed to table Senator Gramm's amendment to strike the community-reinvestment-like provisions on credit unions from the bill. I supported that. As a result, it appears the Senate has chosen to adopt Senator Gramm's amendment to eliminate the expansion of regulatory burden and mandated credit allocation on to credit unions, which I think is good.  If the Senate votes to table the small bank exemption from CRA, the Senate will make a very hypocritical policy statement to the American people, I believe, saying, essentially, that we do not support the expansion of mandated credit allocation and regulatory burden on credit unions, but, Mr. President, on the other hand, we do support the mandated credit allocation and regulatory burden on small community banks. Now that is not what we call competitive equity.  I believe the worst part about this inconsistent policy is that consumers are the ones who bear the brunt of the cost of the Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA tax on banks only gets passed on to the consumer. While the intention, Mr. President, of the Community Reinvestment Act may have been to help consumers, in practice I believe it hurts them. CRA is bad for consumers. CRA is, I believe, bad public policy.  Contrary to what opponents of the amendment would have you believe, the small bank exemption would not gut CRA. Banks with less than $250 million in assets account for less than 12 percent of bank assets nationwide. This is a vote for small community banks in America. I think it is time to do it and the time is now.  Mr. D'AMATO addressed the Chair.  