 President, just for a few minutes I will also talk about the IRS reform legislation and a suggestion that I have that I think would improve it. I am at this point in time well aware that the pending business is another amendment, so I will only speak on this subject if I can.  I think perhaps the most important power given to Congress in the Constitution is bestowed to Congress in article I, section 8, the power to tax. This authority is vested in Congress, as the President and Senate know, because as elected representatives, Congress remains accountable to the public, and when they determine tax policy, this should be more so.  Unfortunately, the Internal Revenue Service effectively has the power to raise taxes through the use of its interpretive authority. Therefore, what I want to talk to the Senate and my colleagues about this afternoon for a few minutes is an amendment, which I am not offering now but I will in a future time, which will build upon past legislative initiatives that afforded protections to taxpayers from attempts by the Internal Revenue Service to bypass Congress and raise taxes through the regulatory decrees.  In 1996, Congress passed the Congressional Review Act, which provides that when a major agency rule takes effect, Congress has 60 days to review it. During this time period, Congress has the option to pass what we call a disapproval resolution. The Stealth Tax Prevention Act would expand the definition of a ``major rule'' to include any IRS regulation which increases Federal revenue.  For example, if the Office of Management and Budget finds that the implementation and the enforcement of a rule has resulted in an increase of Federal revenues over current practices for revenues anticipated from the rule on the date of the enactment of the statute under which the rule is promulgated, the rule will be found to be major in scope. Therefore, the amendment, or the legislation that I would like to see us adopt, sooner rather than later, would be to allow Congress to review the regulation and to prevent back-door tax increases on hard-working Americans.  An excellent example of this occurred last year when the Internal Revenue Service attempted to increase taxes through the regulatory process. In this instance, the IRS disqualified a taxpayer from being considered a limited partner if they ``participated in the partnership's business for more than 500 hours during the taxable year.'' The effect of this redefinition would have been to make these individuals subject to a 2.9 percent Medicare tax. President Clinton had included the identical provision in his universal health care legislation in 1994. When the administration's plan failed, the IRS attempted to subject limited partnerships to the same tax increase by using its regulatory powers.  I believe the intent of the Founding Fathers was to put the power to lay and collect taxes in the hands of the elected Members of Congress and no one else--not in the hands of the bureaucrats who are shielded from public accountability, but in the hands of Congress, who is accountable to the American people.  The proposed Stealth Tax Prevention Act that I want to see become law would be particularly helpful in lowering the tax burden on small business, which suffers disproportionately from IRS regulations. I believe Americans are paying a higher share of their income to the Federal Government currently than at any time since the end of World War II. Allowing bureaucrats to increase taxes even further at their own discretion through the regulatory process, through interpretation of the Tax Code, I believe is intolerable.  I believe this legislation is right and should be passed, and it is clearly in the spirit of the IRS reform legislation. This type of legislation would help rein in the power of the Internal Revenue Service and would leave the tax policy where it belongs, to elected Members of Congress, not unelected and not unaccountable IRS bureaucrats. I strongly urge my colleagues to get with me, to join me in the future in an effort to join the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, and the National Taxpayers Union, as well as a lot of my colleagues who would be supporting this type of legislation.  The bottom line is that the stealth tax legislation that I have been talking about would improve accountability and it would put it where it belongs--in the hands of Congress and not bureaucrats. I think it is something we have to consider and I believe we will consider in the future. I have talked to the chairman of the Finance Committee about this, as well as other members of the Finance Committee, and they seem to be very interested in this. I am going to try to work with them in the future.  I yield to the chairman.  