 President, today the Senator from Arkansas takes his final shot at terminating funding for the International Space Station. For the eighth consecutive year, he argues that America should abandon its commitment as the leader of this historic endeavor.  The Space Station is real and well on its way to orbit. Last year, NASA employees and contractors at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama finished construction of Node 1, the first significant piece of flight hardware. Since then, the Pressurized Mating Adapters, Integrated Electrical Assembly, Z1 Truss, Long Spacer, FGB Control Module are being prepared for integration tests and launch.  Those who do not believe that America should maintain its leadership in space exploration speak only of the expense of building man's next great adventure of the space age. While I also am concerned about cost overruns and Russian participation, it is reasonable to expect some unforeseen costs given the complexity of the station. The critics also fail to mention that past funding for the space station now exceeds proposed future investment. More than 50 percent of the costs have been paid, and more than 80 percent of the development will be complete by the end of the current fiscal year. It does not make sense to abort this mission at this time.  It goes without saying that termination of the International Space Station will undermine the credibility of the United States with its international partners who have already invested nearly $10 billion. The other nations participating in the development of the space station reaffirmed their commitment by signing partner agreements in January 1998. At the same time, the U.S. has taken the lead in developing the space station and have made commitments to the international community to see it through. Leadership requires resolve and character. It is not in the American nature to break our promises and abandon our friends and partners, especially when we are on the verge of launching the first elements of the space station.  Continued development of the space station is the right course for the United States to take. The history of mankind, and especially of Americans, is one of curiosity and exploration. The same pioneer spirit that led past generations to explore the frontiers has manifest itself in our present journey to space. The United States is the undisputed leader in space technology development, and it would be arbitrary and reckless for the Senate to reject our destiny of discovery through the space station. I ask my colleagues to join me in reaffirming our country's commitment to our future by opposing this shortsighted attempt to strip funding from the space station.  