I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. With all due respect to the gentleman offering this amendment, yes, we are one State; but if you took all of the land from the tip of Maine to the tip of Florida, from the Mississippi River over, that is part of Alaska. That is a big State, not a little State, like Ohio.  This Commission has work. And I have to say one thing, it is being referred to as the ``IG report by Mr. Marshall''--totally incompetent. It has been unfounded. His finding was unfounded. In fact, we can't find him. We would like to find out where he is. He no longer exists. What he said about this Commission is totally inaccurate. It has worked. It will work, and we are a rural area.  What it has done, one thing when it was created was to move the fuel tanks away from the waters that EPA said they couldn't be close to. These communities could not do that, and the process of the Federal Government and the other agencies, it would have taken too long. So we moved these fuel tanks across. And yes, it was used for clinics, and yes, it has been used for sewer and water. Forty-four of our villages don't have water yet, don't have sewage. They carry ``honey buckets.'' Why they call them ``honey buckets'' I have no idea.  But this Commission is to take and provide the proper things for, just as your constituents use every day and take for granted. This Commission has worked. We want to keep the money, and I want to thank the chairman for understanding this. This amendment has been offered time and time again. And as he said, this is a very small amount of money. That is not what I am arguing. It is money well spent. If we don't spend it on this type thing to cut out the middleman, and they keep saying there are other agencies. That is not true. Those agencies do not function. Most of our agencies today do not function because there are too many layers and nothing gets to the constituent, nothing gets to solving the problem.  So I am suggesting, and we have done some work on this. I asked for a GAO investigation; I did, to find if this has occurred. It has not been reported back to us yet. It will be. In fact, it will show that the IG's report is false, and that is one of the things I am looking forward to.  I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. It is time we accept the fact that this system works, as the other commissions do, for those communities that are less fortunate than the communities in which most people live in who are in this body. I come from a rural State. I want to serve my rural State, and I am sure the Commission does also.  