Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Golden Anniversary of the Fairbanks North Star Borough. In 1901, during the midst of the Alaska Gold Rush, the first pioneers settled on the banks of the Chena River on the land that would become the Fairbanks North Star Borough. The discovery of gold created a population boom in the region, and the town of Fairbanks was established. In 1963, the Alaska Legislature passed the Mandatory Borough Act requiring that the most populated areas in the state join together to form organized borough governments. Fairbanks students won a competition to name the borough the North Star Borough, and in 1966, the name was officially changed to the Fairbanks North Star Borough. Over the last 50 years, the Borough has grown tremendously to become the second largest community in Alaska with a population of over 100,000 residents, and is commonly referred to as the ``Golden Heart of Alaska.'' The Fairbanks North Star Borough has managed a unique juxtaposition by retaining the small-town pioneer quality that existed in the early 1900s, yet thriving with a modern and youthful spirit stemming from the economic opportunities in the area, as well as being the home of the University of Alaska Fairbanks campus.   After the gold rush, the next economic boom in the region was the discovery of oil in Prudhoe Bay on Alaska's North Slope. Fairbanks North Star Borough was the closest large town to the project, and as a result, construction on the Trans-Alaskan Pipeline began in 1974. The pipeline was completed in 1977, traveling over frozen tundra, the boreal forest, 800 rivers and streams, three major earthquake faults, and three rugged mountain ranges. The exploding construction of the 800-mile pipeline brought more than 30,000 job opportunities to Fairbanks over the years.   Today, the Borough is home to many Alaskans, Military Servicemen and women stationed at Ft. Wainwright Army Base and Eielson Air Force Base, and the University of Alaska Fairbanks, enrolling 10,800 students annually. Ft. Wainwright and Eielson AFB's strategic locations and Fairbanks' uniquely harsh climate prepare units to deploy anywhere in the world for contingencies ranging from humanitarian relief to combat operations. Eielson AFB remains a strategic location for refueling and North American Aerospace Defense Command.   On behalf of the State of Alaska, Fairbanks North Star Borough has hosted many international sporting events such as the World Eskimo-Indian Olympics, Junior Olympics, and the 2014 Arctic Winter Games. Fairbanks is also home to the Yukon Quest, an international 1,000 mile sled dog that is considered one of the toughest in the world.   Fairbanks North Star Borough has and will continue to provide important energy and mineral resources, defense tools, and education for Alaskans. The borough encourages vibrant, engaged citizens, and continues to provide for residents and businesses not only in the State of Alaska, but in the entire United States of America. I know that Fairbanks North Star Borough will continue to serve as a wonderful example for towns across the world.   Mr. Speaker, I would like all Members of Congress to join me in congratulating the Fairbanks North Star Borough on its Golden Anniversary.