 President, the bill also provides $1.7 billion for airport improvement grants, which is $700 million more than the administration requested. In total, this bill contains $30.1 billion for investment in infrastructure that the public uses, that is, highways, transit, airports, and railroads. That represents an 8-percent increase over the administration's request.  This legislation will improve safety: It provides an 11-percent increase in funds to improve highway safety and will permit FAA to hire an additional 235 aviation safety inspectors and 500 air traffic controllers.  Major changes in the bill as a result of conference deliberations include the addition of $150 million in transit operating assistance and reductions of less than 1 percent in the multi-billion dollar FAA and Coast Guard operating accounts.  The Senate accommodated requests we received from Senators as fully as we could. In conference, of course, we had to accommodate requests from Members of both the Senate and House with no increase in funds over the Senate bill to cover these requests. That was a very difficult process. We tried to be fair and balanced in our treatment of Members' requests.  I want to reiterate a point I made when I brought the Senate bill to the floor in July. Many Senators wanted funds for highway projects of special interest to them and their States. This year, ISTEA reauthorization is providing a vehicle for special project funding, especially in the House wherethere is very active consideration of such funding. I assure my colleagues that I believe that the Congress has at least as legitimate a role in designating funding for specific highway projects as it does in designating which transit projects will be funded. I intend to review the situation after enactment of ISTEA reauthorization legislation and to work with my Senate and House colleagues in the year ahead to ensure that we have an opportunity to designate funding for highway projects of special interest to our States and communities.  There are a great number of people to thank for getting this bill completed. I want to single out a few for special thanks for all their efforts.  First, the chairman, my good friend from Alaska. I know he wanted to move this bill along promptly, but he was patient and allowed me to work out the issues that were holding up conference and was always willing to lend his compelling voice to support the Senate position in our discussions with the House.  The majority leader as well played a critical role in the negotiations with the House. I want to thank him for his leadership, advice, and guidance, as well as for his personal involvement on this bill.  I want to thank my distinguished ranking member on the subcommittee, Senator Lautenberg, for his part in moving the process forward. We don't always take the same position on transportation issues or funding priorities, but he is always a strong advocate for meeting the transportation priorities of the Northeast and presents a perspective on this bill that comes from a great deal of hands-on experience with transportation issues. In addition, this bill has provided an opportunity for me to work closely with the distinguished ranking member of the full committee, Senator Byrd. One of the common priorities Senator Byrd and I share in the Transportation appropriations bill is the completion of the Appalachian Development Highway System. Through his leadership and support, we have been able to provide substantial support for meeting that priority.  I also want to thank the other members of the subcommittee for their efforts and the efforts of their staffs in support of the Senate's position during the conference. This subcommittee works well together, and I am blessed with the luxury of having subcommittee members who take transportation issues very seriously and are quick to let me know of their positions on issues. In particular, I want to commend the senior Senator from Missouri, my good friend, Senator Kit Bond. Senator Bond has been a major force in transportation funding issues this year as he has the uncommon responsibilities of sitting on the Budget Committee, the Environment and Public Works Committee, and on the Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation. He was a primary advocate for higher highway funding during the budget process; he is a major force in the Senate consideration of reauthorization legislation, and is one of the most thoughtful and effective members of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee. Senator Bond can be a dogged advocate for issues of interest to the Show Me State. He was in a position to put passage of the Transportation appropriations bill in jeopardy if his legitimate interest in a matter before the conference was not met. In a display of the statesmanship that shows me why he is such an effective Senator, he refused to hold the bill up--instead, he sought a creative way of meeting both the interests of his State and the needs of the Congress to move this legislation along. I pledge to him here that I will work with him to ensure the satisfactory resolution of this issue.  In addition, I want to thank a few staff members who worked hard to put this bill together. The staff director of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Steve Cortese played a critical role in resolving issues between the House and the Senate so that we could have this conference report before the Senate today. His counterpart on the House side, Jim Dyer, as well, deserves note and a word of thanks for his efforts to that end. Although they work in different bodies, these two professionals work together well and are a credit to the appropriations process and the Congress. Further, the subcommittee staff, Joyce Rose, Reid Cavnar, Wally Burnett, and for a short time, George McDonald, as well as my legislative director Kathy Casey and Chief of Staff Tom Young, worked long and hard to put this bill together and I thank them. In addition, Jim English, Peter Rogoff, Peter Neffenger, Carole Geagley, and Mike Brennan have helped make this a truly bipartisan bill, and I thank them.  I am proud of what we have been able to accomplish in this bill. It will benefit all Americans as it helps improve transportation services in this country so that the economy and personal mobility are better served.  I now turn to my distinguished ranking member from New Jersey, Senator Lautenberg, who has worked with me in a bipartisan spirit to produce this bill.  Mr. President, I believe overall that this is a good transportation appropriations bill. It is not perfect. Nothing is perfect. But Senator Lautenberg, my colleague from New Jersey, former chairman, now the ranking member of the committee, worked diligently together with our staffs to put this bill together. We had protracted discussions with the House, and at the end of the day we are here with a completed conference report, one which I believe that most people in this body can support.  I want to take a minute and thank my staff director, Wally Burnett, for all the work that he has put into this night and day. He knows the subject. He has been very, very diligent and the bill reflects that diligence.  I also want to thank my colleague, Senator Lautenberg, for the work and the knowledge that he has of these transportation issues. Knowledge that he is beginning to share with me as time goes on. And, to his staff director, Peter Rogoff, I thank you for cooperating with us on so many of the issues. And, at the end of the day, at the end of the week, and at the end of this conference we are here.  At this point, I yield the floor.  