 President, I want to thank the Senator from Georgia, Senator Coverdell, for yielding time to me this morning, because I think what we are talking about is very important to the American people.  The hearings that the Senate Finance Committee held last week, regarding the problems that pervade the Internal Revenue Service, were very, very important in bringing to light, as the Presiding Officer knows, the level of abuse taxpayers often are subject to at the hands of the Internal Revenue Service. This sort of activity all acrossthis country has affected people in every State, including my State of Alabama. Today I would like to just share for a few minutes one such instance with you and my colleagues in the Senate, and talk about why we need to do more than simply reform the Internal Revenue Service.  One of my constituents in Alabama, Phillip Prebeck, of Foley, AL, provides an illustration of an average play-by-the-rules Alabamian, or we should say American, who has had to endure the IRS harassment. His story is particularly poignant because it involves his late daughter, Mary Hunt, and it occurred during a time when he was still grieving over her death.  After Mary's death in November of this past year, 1996, Mr. Prebeck prepared his daughter's tax return, deceased daughter's tax return, in early March of this year. And, after including a copy of his daughter's death certificate and a letter explaining the situation as well as other appropriate information, Mr. Prebeck filed the return.  In June, the IRS sent a letter to his daughter, his deceased daughter, indicating that she owed $937, and that she needed to pay up. Think of it in this context. Mr. Prebeck phoned the IRS and informed them again that his daughter, Mary, had passed away and had left no estate. The IRS representative, who would not give her name, informed him that he was responsible for the liability nonetheless. What followed was a series of mixed messages from a slew--really, a slew of IRS representatives, as to whether he was responsible for his deceased daughter's tax liability.  Mr. Prebeck was unable to work through the situation with one IRS representative, because they refused to allow him to call them back. Think about it. This made it very frustrating, because he could not determine what exactly was expected of him, and he was trying to do what was right as a citizen. Eventually, Mr. Prebeck, with the help of my staff, determined that he did not have to pay the IRS, despite what he had been told over the phone by the IRS on several occasions. Nonetheless, Mr. Prebeck continued to receive correspondence from the IRS, which had first been mailed to his deceased daughter's address, warning him that the liability remained.  He then requested a letter from the IRS, absolving him of responsibility, to provide him with some peace of mind as a parent--if you can imagine--and some tangible assurance that he would not continue to be harassed by the Internal Revenue Service. They agreed to provide such a letter, but to this day, and this morning, they have yet to do so.  Mr. President, this type of situation that I have just related is not uncommon in America. It is probably not uncommon in the State of the Presiding Officer, Colorado. For every Phillip Prebeck there are hundreds, perhaps thousands of taxpayers, from Alabama, perhaps from your State of Colorado, perhaps from the State of Georgia--every State in the Union, who contact my office or your offices with similar stories. There are more who have had similar problems but do not call.  I find the Internal Revenue Service's actions particularly appalling in light of the agency's inability to manage its own financial affairs. For example, and I know you have heard of this because the GAO did the report, in 1996 the General Accounting Office reported the following regarding the audit performed on the IRS. Again, I am going to repeat, this was an audit on the IRS by the General Accounting Office. The Senator from Georgia understands it and has read it.  No. 1, this was in 1995, the amount of the total revenue was $1.4 trillion, and tax refunds to the people and companies was $122 billion. But it could not be reconciled to accounting records maintained for individuals in the aggregate. There was a discrepancy of $10.4 billion; $10.4 billion--where? In the IRS itself. The amounts reported for various types of taxes collected--that is Social Security, income tax, excise taxes, for example--cannot be substantiated by the Internal Revenue Service itself. The reliability, according to the General Accounting Office, of reported estimates of $113 billion for valid accounts receivable, and $46 billion for collectible accounts, cannot be determined as of this day.  GAO found that the IRS could not document how, and I will use their words, a ``significant portion'' of their $3 billion nonpayroll operating budget was spent. In other words, the IRS, the Internal Revenue Service, could not document how they spent $3 billion of nonpayroll operating budget. Can you imagine that anywhere in America?  The amounts that the Internal Revenue Service reported as appropriations available for expenditure of operations cannot be reconciled fully with the Treasury's central accounting records showing these amounts, and hundreds of millions of dollars in differences have been identified.  Indeed, the General Accounting Office determined that because of poor IRS financial management, that it could not conduct a reliable audit of the Internal Revenue Service. Think about it. That is appalling. Mr. President, the Internal Revenue Service should have been forced to provide each American with a copy of this report to read it for themselves. The agency cannot account, again, for $10.4 billion in tax revenue and cannot tell you or the American people how they spent $3 billion. But, they can find time to hound a gentleman over his deceased daughter's $900 tax liability that he is not responsible for under the law.  Thankfully, the Senate Finance Committee's hearings have galvanized support for reform of the Internal Revenue Service. But what I encourage my colleagues to keep in mind is that the complexity of the Tax Code has created the environment that has spawned the problems that pervade the Internal Revenue Service. The IRS's governance, financial management and quality control problems and the Internal Revenue Service's inability to serve the taxpayer are symptoms of a much larger problem. To address only these issues without embarking upon a comprehensive effort to replace the Tax Code, I believe, is to treat the symptoms and not the root cause of the problems.  My concern, and it is a concern of a lot of my colleagues in the Senate, is that after possibly implementing the recommendations of the national commission to restructure the IRS, some may conclude that their job is complete, but that would be a fallacy. On the contrary, I view these proposals only as a beginning, and nothing more than a shortrun solution. Earlier this year, I introduced, again, the Freedom and Fairness Restoration Act that proposes to abolish the Tax Code as we know it and replace it with a flat tax.  While some reforms may offer some short-term solutions and relief to taxpayers, they cannot address the larger problems which continue to plague the Internal Revenue Service and the underlying system itself. I believe we must have broad-based reform of the code that provides the public with a simple formula to calculate their taxes without fear of an IRS audit.  Although I believe that the flat tax is the best replacement of the current system, I am not here to trumpet its virtues this morning. I simply want to remind my colleagues today that we must not forsake ever our broader agenda to seek comprehensive tax reform. Piecemeal reforms are not a substitute in any way for broad-based reform and will not solve the problems that pervade the IRS. We owe it to the American people to reform the Internal Revenue Service as we know it. I yield the floor.  