 President, I rise in support of the Chemical and Biological Weapons Threat Reduction Act.  With the end of the cold war, we live in a much safer, but still unstable, world. Without the bi-polar domination of two superpowers, we now face a world comprised of many nations that have gained power on the world stage by producing a relatively inexpensive means of war.  Among the most deplorable methods of war-making known to the world, chemical and biological weapons are horrific tools of mass destruction.  Long ago, the United States discontinued and dismantled its biological weapons program and is currently unilaterally destroying its stockpile of poison gas. We would hope that other nations would follow suit, and destroy these weapons as well.  However, there are rogue States that are pursuing dangerous weapons programs contrary to international norms against the use and stockpiling of biological and chemical weapons.  Some countries are even suspected of pledging to ratify international agreements, while secretly continuing to develop and stockpile these lethal weapons.  One significant problem in the fight against chemical and biological weapons is the stunning lack of enforcement of existing international protocols.  International agreements, such as the 1925 Geneva Protocol and the 1972 Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention, ban the use of poison gas in war and prohibit the acquisition, development, production, and stockpiling of biological weapons. However, they have not been used as an effective deterrent.  For example, as the world watched with horror and disbelief when Iraq used poison gas against its own nationals, the community of nations failed to punish the perpetrators of this act.  In addition, there is currently no U.S. law which provides criminal or civil penalties relating to the use of these weapons in the United States.  Therefore, with the hope of reinforcing U.S. international leadership on chemical and biological weapons, I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Chemical and Biological Weapons Threat Reduction Act.  This legislation demonstrates our firm commitment to destroy U.S. chemical weapons, setting a strong example for other countries to follow.  Further, this initiative reinvigorates U.S. efforts to enforce existing international prohibitions against chemical weapons, provides strong deterrence, and sends a clear message to nations around the world that the United States will not tolerate the use of these weapons.  Specifically, the Chemical and Biological Weapons Threat Reduction Act sets out civil and criminal penalties for the acquisition, possession, transfer, and use of chemical and biological weapons.  This legislation mandates the death penalty where the use of these weapons leads to the loss of life and provides for a $100,000 penalty for civil violations.  The Chemical and Biological Weapons Threat Reduction Act requires enhancements to U.S. chemical and biological defenses to protect our military men and women. Further, it would require U.S. sanctions, termination of foreign assistance, and suspension of diplomatic relations against any country that uses chemical and biological weapons against another country or its own people.  The Chemical and Biological Weapons Threat Reduction Act providesconcrete and achievable measures to reduce the threat of these abhorrent weapons. It is the best thing we can do to protect our country, our allies, and our world from any future atrocities caused by the use of chemical and biological weapons.  I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  