 President, I compliment my colleagues on the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee on today's successful passage of the Amtrak reauthorization bill. I acknowledge that the procurement, labor, and liability reforms contained in this bill as amended by the chairman's substitute amendment are the end result of difficult negotiations and compromises among many competing interests, and represent many years' effort. Issues such as contracting out and mandatory 6-year severance pay have been taken out of statute and put on the negotiating table.  I hope this bill's provisions, along with future negotiations, result in some real reforms. Even with the $2.3 billion in tax credits that will be released on January 1, 1998 if this reauthorization bill is enacted into law, Amtrak will still be hard-pressed to continue running trains in the future, if meaningful improvements are not made in the way the railroad does business. Since I have taken on the chairmanship of the Senate Appropriations Transportation Subcommittee this year, one thing has become crystal clear: Amtrak does not intend to be weaned from Federal subsidies any time soon. The Amtrak-Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employees [BMWE] union agreement reached last weekend contains contingencies that require appropriations levels higher than those in current law or contemplated by the balanced budget agreement. Amtrak touts its glidepath to self-sufficiency as the funding path that will eventually lead to the elimination of Federal operating subsidies. However, the Amtrak-BMWE agreement points to a glidepath in the opposite direction.  The fiscal year 1998 transportation appropriations bill provided $793 million for Amtrak operating and capital expenses. Added to Federal subsidies paid to Amtrak since the Corporation was formed in 1971, the taxpayers have thus far spent $22 billion on a national railroad that carries fewer than 20 million passengers a year--less than 1 percent of all annual intercity passenger trips in the United States. According to the General Accounting Office, the average Amtrak direct Federal subsidy is $38 per passenger trip, compared to $1.50 per commercial airline passenger enplanement. This is subsidy that comes out of the pockets of every American taxpayer, and yet, wide swaths of the country are not served at all by Amtrak, and many communities that do have train service only see the train a few times a week, or at odd hours of the night.  There is a growing sense that Federal funding of Amtrak can no longer be justified on fiscal or mobility grounds, and that it is time to consider phasing out the railroads's public monopoly status. I really hope that the reforms contained in this reauthorization bill do make a difference in the way Amtrak does business. Because if they do not, by releasing these tax credit funds, the Congress may simply be extending Amtrak's financial instability for 2 more years, and costing the taxpayers yet more appropriated funds for the subsidy of a failed experiment.  