 President, I rise to oppose the Torricelli amendment. I oppose the public disclosure of the overall level of intelligence funding as proposed by the amendment offered by the Senator from New Jersey.  Mr. President, it does not, I repeat, it does not take an act of Congress to declassify the top line of the intelligence budget as this amendment would do if adopted. The President of the United States has always had and has today the authority to disclose this figure and has always chosen to keep it classified.  Determining classification is the responsibility and is the duty of the Chief Executive of the United States, the President, who is also, as we know, the Commander in Chief. Presidents Truman through Clinton have determined this figure is to remain classified, and I believe we should not overrule that judgment.  The purpose of maintaining a premier intelligence capability is to save lives and to prevent and, if we get in them, win wars. The foundation of an effective intelligence capability, as we all know, is secrecy. Secrecy protects not only the information that we collect, but also the brave people that put themselves at risk to do the collection of it. We are an open and a free society that generally abhors secret dealings by our Government. But in the case of intelligence collection and analysis, secrecy, I believe, is absolutely necessary.  Some of my colleagues argue that the American people have a right to know how much of their money is being spent to defend their Nation's security through intelligence-gathering operations. I assert today that, through its elected officials, the public interests are being effectively served.As U.S. Senators, all of us we have been elected to represent the interests of our constituents and to act on their behalf. Therefore, the American people do know, in a sense, how much we spend on national security because their elected representatives know. As on many other issues, Mr. President, our constituents have a voice, and it speaks through the Senators and Representatives and the President of the United States.  Some of my colleagues will argue that disclosing the total budget amount will instill public confidence and enable the American people to know what portion of the Federal budget is dedicated to intelligence activities. It appears there is general agreement that the details of the intelligence budget should remain classified, however. I believe that the total budget figure is of no use to anyone but to those who wish to do us harm.  For example, what do the numbers tell our adversaries or potential adversaries in the world? In any given year, perhaps, not a great deal. But while watching the changes in the budget over time, and using information gathered by their own intelligence activities, sophisticated analysts can indeed learn a great deal.  Trend analysis, Mr. President, you are familiar with, is a technique that our own analysts use to make predictions and to reach conclusions. There are hostile foreign intelligence agencies all over the world that are focused solely on gathering every bit of information that they can about our own intelligence-gathering operations and our capabilities. Their ultimate goal is to exploit weaknesses and to deny access and to deceive our own intelligence collectors. Denial and deception is already a serious concern for the intelligence community, and providing our enemies or potential enemies with any insight as to what we spend on intelligence will only make it worse, not better.  Others will argue that the total budget figure is already in the public domain, and we should just acknowledge it. Mr. President, we never, never confirm or deny classified information that may have been published somewhere or spoken by someone. Classified information, as you well know, remains classified even if it wrongly makes it into the public domain.  We will also, Mr. President, hear from those who say disclosure is required by the statement and account clause of the Constitution, article 1, section 9, clause 7. Mr. President, I assert today that the current practice is fully consistent with the Constitution, and it carries forward a tradition of secret expenditures dating back more than 200 years. As a matter of fact, the Supreme Court of the United States observed in the U.S. versus Richardson case, ``Historical analysis of clause 7 suggests that it was intended to permit secrecy in operations.''  Further, Mr. President, the figure is available to all Members of Congress, the U.S. Senate and, the U.S. House to review.  As I reviewed the debate on this topic, I found a statement by my colleague from Rhode Island, Senator Chafee, in 1993, with which I totally agree, and which is appropriate today. Senator Chafee, the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island, said, disclosing the top line budget figure would only ``frustrate a curious public and politicize the intelligence budget.''  He pointed out further, ``What many proponents of disclosure want to do is to put a bull's-eye on the intelligence budget and hold it up as a target for public ridicule, recognizing full well that we cannot engage in a meaningful public debate regarding intelligence programs.''  I assure you, Mr. President, once the overall number has been released, there would be efforts to amend the overall funding for intelligence in open session. I do not believe it would be good for the Senate, the House, or the American people. Otherwise, I believe President Clinton and Presidents before him would have already declassified the number which they have the right to do.  I yield the floor.  