 President, I rise today to express my continued support for the peanut program.  Mr. President, just last year the Senate completed a comprehensive review of all federally sponsored farm programs. This review prompted extensive debate in this chamber--debate in which divergent positions were articulated and competing interests were expounded. Ultimately, after much hard work, consideration and compromise, the Senate produced the landmark 1996 farm bill.  The farm bill sets Federal farm policy through the year 2002 and contains fundamental changes which have impacted every facet of Federal involvement in farm programs--from crop subsidies, conservation practices and rural subsidies to credit, research and trade policies. Included in this legislation were provisions that specifically covered the peanut program, provisions which made considerable changes to the program.  This year, despite the significant work that went into putting the farm bill together, despite the fact that the farm bill reforms of the peanut program have only been on the books for little over a year and have only affected one crop, and despite the fact that thousands of farmers have made significant financial and farming commitments through the year 2002 in reliance upon the provisions of the farm bill, some Members have discussed undoing the work of the sponsors of the farm bill and dismantling the peanut program.  Mr. President, I feel any attempt to change the peanut program is unnecessary, misguided, and would ultimately destroy American peanut farming and American peanut farmers.  Mr. President, the peanut program helps support more than 16,000 family farmers, many of whom live in some of the poorest, most agriculturally dependent areas in the United States. Mr. President, the peanut program provides American consumers with a steady and large supply of safe and cheap peanuts and peanut products.  Mr. President, the peanut program works for American peanut farmers and American consumers. It has been significantly revised in recent years and these revisions will only serve to enhance the program if allowed to stand. We must allow farmers who have relied on the farm bill an opportunity to work within the new peanut program.  