 President, I am pleased to inform my colleagues that today the Select Committee on Intelligence unanimously voted to favorably report the nomination of Mr. George J. Tenet to be the next Director of Central Intelligence.  Although the committee held hearings in May, shortly after receiving the nomination from the President, the committee postponed final action pending the conclusion of a preliminary investigation by the Department of Justice.  The Attorney General was required to make a determination of whether to recommend the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate allegations involving Mr. Tenet's financial holdings and disclosure.  Today, the committee was officially notified that the Attorney General had concluded that no further investigation was warranted and that she would not seek appointment of an independent counsel.  The Vice Chairman, Senator Kerrey, and I promptly convened a meeting of the committee and voted to favorably report the nomination to the full Senate. This prompt action by the committee, once the Justice Department investigation was completed, reflects the strong support Mr. Tenet has among the members of the committee.  Mr. Tenet faces some daunting challenges as he prepares to officially assume the responsibilities of the Director of Central Intelligence.  He must successfully guide the intelligence community toward new and far more difficult missions. He must ensure that the quality and integrity of his people remains high.  He must provide thorough and unbiased analysis to this Nation's policy-makers and he must keep, as he has pledged, the Congress fully and currently informed of all intelligence activities.  The latter point is very important, Mr. President, because the intelligence community, and specifically the Central Intelligence Agency, has not enjoyed a great deal of public support in recent years.  It will be Mr. Tenet's responsibility to restore the public confidence in his organization, and he can do that by remaining faithful to the values of this Nation and by ensuring that the people's representatives are kept fully appraised of all the community's activities.  The intelligence community is rich with outstanding Americans, many of whom risk their lives to protect the security of this Nation. These people place a great deal of trust in their leadership and it is up to Mr. Tenet to honor that trust. The committee believes that he will.  Mr. President, it is with pleasure that I recommend, as chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, that the Senate unanimously approve the nomination of George John Tenet to the next Director of Central Intelligence.  