 President, I rise today to add my voice to the very important discussion that the Senate is having regarding campaign finance reform, and I commend the Senator from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, for not only his leadership but for his tenacity in defending what he believes and so many of us believe is an assault on the first-amendment rights of all Americans.  I also thank Senator Lott, our leader, for his leadership in scheduling this debate, and I commend my colleagues who thus far have added insight and value to our discussion.  Mr. President, if we are to have campaign finance reform, I believe we must achieve those changes necessary to ensure public trust in our institutions and our Government officials. Serious reform must take into consideration the significant number of Americans who are compelled to make mandatory political contributions at their workplace as a condition of employment. No citizen should be required to make involuntary contributions to any candidate, party, or political interest group. No corporation, no labor union, and no business entity should have the power to twist the arms of their employees or members. These practices are wrong and un-American, and I believe they must be ended as part of our overall effort to reform the financing of Federal elections.  Serious reform must also contain provisions that increase the frequency and specificity of mandated contribution disclosure. I support measures which bring about greater transparency, those that allow the American people to know the where, the when, how much, and from whom of campaign contributions.  The last election cycle was filled with numerous activities that violated existing campaign laws. As we proceed through this debate, we should be mindful of the fact that these new reforms do nothing to reach those past violations. We must ensure that illegal foreign contributions are kept from election campaigns, and I believe that we must ensure disclosure violations are uncovered and are punished. Thus, perhaps the most important so-called change we can now achieve is to ensure that the existing laws are routinely and are properly enforced.  However, in our zeal for change, we should not compromise the rights and freedoms of the same people we claim to protect. We must pay close attention, I believe, to the numerous Supreme Court decisions which clearly set forth that the regulation of many campaign-related activities directly implicates first-amendment rights.  In 1974, the Supreme Court reviewed the Federal Election Campaign Act in the case of Buckley and struck down the statutory restrictions on campaign expenditures. In its holding, the Court concluded that political discourse ``is at the core of our electoral process and of the first amendment freedoms.''  While the Court did allow a minimal level of restriction that we know about--caps on the direct contributions to candidates--and only for the purpose of preventing corruption or the appearance of corruption, it granted the full protection, Mr. President, of the first amendment to anyone spending money to communicate an idea, a belief, or a call to action.  In no uncertain terms, the Buckley decision makes clear that the first amendment forbids the Federal Government from restricting political speech and expression rights by way of campaign expenditure limits.  Mr. President, the Buckley decision does not stand in isolation. For the past 20 years, the Supreme Court of the United States has returned to this decision and consistently and unequivocally reaffirmed its soundness. The Court's subsequent decisions clearly demonstrate this, such as in FEC versus National Conservative Political Action Committee. The Court, tracking the Buckley decision, struck down restrictions on funds spent in support of publicly financed Presidential candidates in furtherance of their election. The Court held that such expenditures fell squarely, Mr. President, within the protections of the first amendment rights.  Also, in the FEC versus Massachusetts Citizens for Life, the Court ruled that the voter guide published by an incorporated entity was entitled, Mr. President, to first amendment protections and invalidated an enforcement action the FEC brought against this organization.  More recently, Mr. President, in Colorado Republican Federal Campaign Committee versus FEC, the Court again, following Buckley, held that first amendment protection covers someone communicating an idea, a belief, or a call to action. The Court found that political party expenditures made in support of party ideals and even party candidates were protected under the first amendment of the Constitution of the United States so long as the expenditures were not made, as we say, in coordination with candidates.  Mr. President, the Supreme Court rulings provide us two guideposts in our endeavor to reform campaign finance. We have the constitutionally proscribed power and thus the responsibility to prevent corruption and/or the appearance of corruption in Federal elections, but we can ``make no law * * * [that] abridges the freedom of speech * * *,'' quoting the Constitution.  Therefore, I believe that it is essential that any reform initiatives we pass do not further encroach on the basic rights protected under the first amendment. It is not the proper role of Government, I believe, to restrict the ability of the American people to participate in election campaigns. It would be absurd, I think, to allow the Government to control the manner in which Americans communicate. If reform crosses these lines, I think it commands too high a price, it goes too far.  Mr. President, in light of the Supreme Court holdings, I do not understand and cannot support the present legislative efforts that directly impinge on first amendment rights. I particularly object to the so-called reform in Senators McCain and Feingold's bill which restricts independent parties from communicating ``for the purpose of influencing a Federal election,'' regardless of whether the communication is expressed advocacy.  Just think about it. Time and again, in case after case, the Supreme Court of the United States has held that Congress can only legislate to restrict campaign-related activities where those activities comprise the express advocacy of a particular candidate. The Court even specified in a footnote in the Buckley case what it meant by express advocacy--communications such as ``vote for,'' ``elect,'' ``defeat'' and ``reject.'' So when Congress places restrictions on communications that do not fall within this tightly drawn class, it violates, according to the Court, the first amendment.  Mr. President, as we have consistently heard on the floor during this debate, the first amendment is not a loophole. It is beyond our constitutional authority to restrict the ability of independent groups to communicate their political views where they do not engage in express advocacy.  Mr. President, I am also greatly troubled, as are others, by a provision in Senators McCain and Feingold's bill which prohibits independent communications that merely mention the name of a candidate within 60 days of a Federal election. Not only does such a restriction strike at the heart of first amendment protections, it all but guarantees a free ride to the incumbent involved in the election.  Just think about it, Mr. President. If there is no commentary regarding a candidate's performance in office at the time when the electorate is most tuned into the campaign, no sitting Member would ever lose. Incumbents would be able to capitalize on the inherent advantages of being in office, while challengers would be forced to rely solely on their own and probably much less resources.  This provision is incumbent reelection insurance, not campaign financereform. Make no mistake about it. The electorate must be able to hear all the views about candidates in a timely manner. And candidates must be able to stomach the full range of opinions regarding their candidacy.  Mr. President, we must clean up the system but without compromising fundamental first amendment rights. I believe this task is difficult but not impossible. Without infringing upon any American's rights, we can ensure that the American people control the direction of their contributions, have an understanding of who gave what to whom, and are confident that our elections are free of foreign influence, which is so important.  Mr. President, the Senate, I believe, should work to enact these measures into law and not infringe on our first amendment rights.  I yield the floor.  