 That is some improvement in the money.  In addition, we have included $300 million for Appalachian Development Highway System investment consistent with existing authorization. The Federal Government made a commitment to improve these highways which run through economically undeveloped areas in 13 of our States, and our bill helps to keep that commitment. This investment will pay off not only in economic development in areas that are in much need of it but also in lives saved since these highways in mountainous areas are often high-accident locations in our country.  As most Senators know, Federal investment in airport development has been declining in recent years, and the administration proposed a further cut for the coming year. Our committee could not agree with that proposal at a time when air travel is increasingly in demand and air safety is uppermost in the minds of travelers. We have included $1.7 billion for the airport improvement program.  Transit formula and discretionary accounts, including funding for Washington Metrorail construction, all of which are for capital investment in our bill, are funded at $4.56 billion, $311 million above fiscal year 1997.  The bill provides $273 million for continued improvements on Amtrak's Northeast corridor between Washington and Boston. For other Amtrak capital expenditures, the bill makes a contingent appropriation, Mr. President, of $641 million to be funded from the intercity passenger rail fund, which would be established by S. 949, the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1997. The Amtrak capital appropriation in this bill will be triggered when a final reconciliation bill including the passenger rail fund is enacted into law and the transportation subcommittee's 602(b) allocation is adjusted upward to cover the additional appropriation.  Safety was a top priority as we developed this bill. It provides $5.376 billion for the FAA operations account, including funds for an increase of 235 aviation safety inspectors and 500 additional air traffic controllers. Our appropriations for FAA operations is 99.8 percent of the administration's request. The committee was able to fund the FAA's operation account at this level without imposing $300 million in new user fee taxes proposed in the administration's request.  The toll of deaths and injuries on our highways, we believe, is too high and our bill addresses that. It funds the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Program at $333.5 million. That is a $33 million increase above the fiscal year 1997 enacted levels and slightly higher than the administration's request.  This bill provides $50.7 million for the National Transportation Safety Board, 8 percent above the President's request, to support the NTSB's investigatory mission and to expedite the development of safety recommendations.  The Coast Guard, as you know, Mr. President, also plays a critical role in the safe operation of our Nation's waterways. Its operations funding of $2.73 billion as provided in this bill is an increase of $112 million above fiscal year 1997. This level is consistent with the administration's request for operating expenses and will continue congressional support for a streamlined Coast Guard.  Coast Guard funding includes an increase of $53 million for antidrug activities, which are coordinated by the Office of National Drug Control Policy. The committee has provided the Commandant of the Coast Guard the discretion and the flexibility to manage this funding but has encouraged the Department to look at these activities as areas that would benefit from the development of performance measures.  The bill funds the Coast Guard's capital program at $412 million, an increase of $33 million above the administration's request. This provides the Coast Guard with the equipment, ships, and aircraft to complete their multiple missions. The Coast Guard's capital needs, especially for replacing aging vessels and facilities, will increase dramatically in the years ahead and the committee's recommendation focuses on those acquisition programs that can be accelerated now to provide room in the outyears to replace these assets.  I note for the benefit of the Senators from States that depend on the Saint Lawrence Seaway, that this bill assumes enactment of the administration's proposal to convert the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation to a performance-based organization and to move its financing from appropriated funds to an automatic annual performance-based payment. No funds are included in this bill for the Seaway Corporation, but if the legislative proposal fails, we will ensure in conference that the Seaway Corporation is funded.  The Senate has taken the lead in past years in promoting management reform at the Department of Transportation, especially at FAA. This bill continues that direction by refraining from micromanagement of the Department, even as we look for improved results. The committee report, for example, offers guidance to the Secretary of Transportation on improving on DOT's draft strategic plan which is required by the Government Performance and Results Act. It also avoids artificial caps on the efforts of the Department to act in a more businesslike way, but it directs the DOT Inspector General to study whether in fact DOT's new entrepreneurial service organization is provided cost-competitive, high-quality service.  But, even as we addressed infrastructure investment and safety in this bill, we have been very mindful of the priorities that Senators had for this bill. We receive more than 900 requests for projects and provisions to be included in this bill. We have reviewed those requests very closely and accommodated them to the extent that we could. In some cases, available funding was not sufficient to fund all requests, and we had to make some tough choices. But we have tried to be as fair as possible to all Senators on both sides of the aisle.  Many Senators wanted funds for highway projects of special interest to them in their States. This year, ISTEA reauthorization is providing a vehicle for special project funding, especially in the House where there is very active consideration of such funding. But I want to assure my colleagues this evening that I believe the Congress has at least as legitimate a role in designating funding for specific highway projects as it does in designating new transit projects that will be funded. I intend to review the situation after enactment of ISTEA reauthorization legislation and to work with my Senate and my House colleagues in the yearahead to ensure that we have an opportunity to designate funding for highway projects of special interest to our States and to our communities.  I am proud, overall, of what we have been able to accomplish in this bill. It will benefit all Americans as it helps to improve transportation services in this country so that the economy and personal mobility are better served. I commend my colleague, the ranking Democrat on the committee and the former chairman on this committee, Senator Lautenberg, for all the hard work he has put in in this effort.  At this time I yield to the ranking member, Senator Lautenberg.  