 President, the intelligence authorization bill is before the Senate at this time.  This bill was unanimously voted out of the Intelligence Committee on June 4. It was then referred to the Senate Armed Services Committee and was favorably reported without amendment yesterday.  This bill will authorize appropriations for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the U.S. Government. I am pleased to report to the Senate today that I have worked very closely with Senator Kerrey, the vice chairman of the committee, in drafting this bill. We have crafted, Mr. President, what we believe is a bipartisan bill that received the full support of all Republican and all Democratic members of the Intelligence Committee.  I am proud that the actions we have taken with this legislation are comprehensive and that we have taken some bold steps to implement four priorities to posture the intelligence community for the future.  Mr. President, it is extremely fortuitous that we are bringing the intelligence authorization bill to the floor this week when we have seen a great intelligence success recently. It is not often that the dedicated men and women of our intelligence agencies enjoy public recognition for their work. They understand that. But yesterday, all Americans were gratified to learn of the successful apprehension of Mir Aimal Kansi and his transport to the United States to stand trial for the brutal murder of two CIA employees and the wounding of three others outside the CIA headquarters several years back.  I am extremely proud of our intelligence community in their work here. The Kansi arrest was the result of over 4 years--4 years--of painstaking and dedicated investigative and intelligence work by the CIA, the FBI, and others.  Together with my colleagues on the Intelligence Committee, I was briefed on the details of this successful mission yesterday. While I cannot comment on the operation itself, I can share with my colleagues, as Senator Kerrey would, and the American people, that it was conducted with great professionalism and personal courage.  The success of this operation should serve as a warning to others, those who in the past have attacked Americans and those who might be contemplating such actions, that America will take action to bring the alleged perpetrators to justice wherever they are and whatever the cost.  To the families of those who died and to those who were wounded, we know that this arrest cannot return your loved ones or heal your wounds. We hope, however, that you derive consolation from seeing the accused killer brought to this country for trial.  The legislation before us today is made up of words and numbers on paper. As yesterday's events remind us, the work of our intelligence and law enforcement professionals takes place in the real world, in flesh and blood.  While the cold war is, indeed, over, there are still many forces in the world today that threaten our national security and our citizens and require the constant vigilance of our intelligence community. That is why we have authorized a significant level of funding for the continued operation of the intelligence community's activities.  I believe it would be inappropriate, Mr. President, to reveal this exact level of funding, not because we do not want the American people to know how much is invested in intelligence activities for their protection, but, rather, we want to protect the level of our investments from foreign intelligence services and leaders of rogue states who would analyze trends in these investments to help guide their decisions about when to strike with terrorism or aggression against their neighbors, perhaps our own citizens.  I now would like to take a few minutes to summarize the major priorities and the actions we have taken with this legislation.  We have had to face some tough choices, as all of us have in the Senate, in the allocation of resources to meet the critical priorities that have been set for the intelligence community.  In setting the authorization level for intelligence, we have looked across the combined request for intelligence that is broken up into three major categories, and they are the National Foreign Intelligence Program of the Director of Central Intelligence, the Joint Military Intelligence Program of the Secretary of Defense, and the Tactical Intelligence and Related Activities Program of the military services.  The Intelligence Authorization Act includes authorization for each of these categories. With this legislation, Mr. President, we continue to lay the groundwork for the intelligence community of the 21st century, one that is retooled and I believe that is right-sized.  In putting together this authorization, the committee identified nine key areas that will contribute to this effort. We drafted an authorization bill that will better focus, we believe, the intelligence community's resources on these areas. I call the first five areas the five C's: counterterrorism, counterproliferation, counternarcotics, counterintelligence, and covert action. In each of these areas our bill includes additional resources to aggressively tackle these difficult missions in the world.  We also examined four other areas with a view toward long-term investments that would place our intelligence agencies on a stronger footing as we enter the 21st century. These included: A stronger commitment to advanced research and development to maintain our technological edge; improvement in the tools and skills of our clandestine service personnel; new approaches to infiltrating and assessing hard-target countries; and enhancements to our analytical and information warfare capabilities.  We have put forward a balanced recommendation for the authorization of a Joint Military Intelligence Program that, among other things, includes sensor and engine upgrades for our airborne intelligence fleet of RC-135's; it continues the modernization of our manned reconnaissance capabilities; and pushes forward with the new technology of unmanned aerial vehicles.  We have also taken some bold legislative initiatives in this bill. One area on which the Intelligence Committee focused was the need to ensure that classification of information is used effectively to protect sensitive sources and methods or other vital national security interests but does not prevent the flow of information to Congress or, where appropriate, to the American people.  The committee has concluded that a higher priority is needed for the review and for the declassification of intelligence so that families concerned about the murder of a loved one overseas receive vital information consistent with national security concerns. The Committee on Intelligence recently heard from the families of several marines who were murdered in a terrorist attack in Zona Rosa, El Salvador, in 1985. A common refrain in their testimony before the committee was concern about how little information they received from their Government regarding the attack and its perpetrators.  It was from network television, for example, that at least one family first learned of the attack and death of their brother or son. It was also from television broadcasts that several families learned years later that the likely mastermind of the attack had been brought into this country through the U.S. official channels. The committee has pressed the executive branch to provide these families with as much information as possible, but 12 years is a long time to wait.  The committee believes, however, that it is the national interests of the United States to provide information regarding the murder or kidnapping of Americans abroad to their families consistent with intelligence operations.  Moreover, given the difficulty inherent in identifying all relevant information that might be held by different elements of the Government and the likely resistance to providing information that is currently classified, the committee believes this important responsibility must ultimately be vested in a Cabinet-level official.  Therefore, the committee has adopted a provision in this bill requiring the Secretary of State to ensure that all appropriate actions are taken within the Government to promptly identify relevant information pertaining to incidents of violence against Americans overseas.  Mr. President, the Secretary is then required to make the information available to families to the maximum extent possible without seriously jeopardizing sensitive intelligence sources and methods or other national security interests.  This provision, along with others contained in this bill, will enhance the intelligence community's working relationship with the American public that it serves.  I strongly urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 1998.  Mr. President, I also want to remind my colleagues that a lot, if not most, of this bill is classified. But we have some security officers from the Intelligence Committee that are available here today, off the floor, to go into any aspect of the legislation that they think is pertinent.  