 President, thank you.  Mr. President, as we debate the balanced budget amendment, we would be wise to listen to the words of one of our Founding Fathers, Thomas Jefferson. Mr. Jefferson once wrote that ``the question whether one generation has the right to bind another by the deficit it imposes is a question of such consequence as to place it among the fundamental principles of government. We should consider ourselves unauthorized to saddle posterity with our debts, and morally bound to pay them ourselves.''  Mr. President, I agree with Thomas Jefferson: It is morally wrong for onegeneration to burden a future generation with its debts. Yet, that is exactly what has happened during the past 27 years in America. The Federal budget has not been balanced since 1969, and as a result, our national debt has grown to more than $5 trillion. In fact, a child born in America today begins life with a $20 thousand share of the national debt. During his or her lifetime, that child can expect to pay $187 thousand in taxes just to cover the interest payments on this debt--debt he had nothing to do with creating, but debt which will substantially limit his opportunities in life.  Mr. President, just look at the strain current interest payments are putting on our national resources. Interest payments consume about 15 percent of the Federal budget, and they are now the third largest item in the budget--only Social Security and defense are larger. Last year, we spent a record $241 billion on interest payments to service the national debt. That is more than double the amount of money the Government spent on education, training, crime, and transportation combined.  Mr. President, we cannot afford to continue wasting the taxpayers money in this fashion. This must stop, and the balanced budget amendment will help stop it by ending deficit spending and the growing interest payments on the national debt.  However, the opponents of a balanced budget amendment have put forth many false arguments to try to confuse the issue. I want to address several of these arguments one by one.  The most deceptive argument opponents of a balanced budget amendment use is that this amendment will hurt the Social Security system, unless Social Security is specifically exempted from the amendment. Mr. President, nothing could be farther from the truth. If the Social Security system is left as the only area of the budget which does not have to come into balance, then future Congresses will have a tremendous incentive to take the FICA revenues, which currently fund the Social Security system, and use them to help fund all other areas of the budget which must be balanced. That would leave the Social Security system in serious financial trouble.  Second, exempting Social Security from the balanced budget amendment would further threaten Social Security by allowing Congress to move programs out of the area of the budget which must be balanced and into the exempt Social Security system. This would be a heavy drain on the money originally collected for Social Security.  Finally, the whole point of the balanced budget amendment is to put an end to deficit spending. But, as the Social Security trustees tell us, there are massive deficits projected in the system in just a few short years. Therefore, while the rest of the budget is balanced, the Government will still be borrowing huge sums of money to pay its liabilities in the Social Security system. Moving Social Security off-budget is just another sham put forth by those who do not want to face the reality that we must stop piling debt on our children and grandchildren.  The truth is the balanced budget amendment will protect Social Security by reducing its biggest threat--massive interest payments. If left unchecked, these payments will dramatically reduce the money available for Social Security benefits. A balanced budget amendment will keep interest payments from increasing and will allow more money to be spent on meaningful programs, including Social Security.  Another argument put forth by opponents of a balanced budget amendment is that it will transfer power over the purse strings to the judicial branch of government. This is a serious concern, but one which is misplaced. One of the reasons why the courts will not become unduly involved in the budgetary process is the doctrine of ``standing'' contained in article III of the Constitution. The doctrine of standing requires that a plaintiff has a direct and specific, personal stake or injury. A ``generalized'' public grievance, such as a taxpayer adversely affected by macroeconomic decisions, will not be recognized. Moreover, the courts will owe deference to Congress under both the ``political question'' doctrine and section 6 of the amendment itself which gives Congress the enforcement authority.  Another objection to the balanced budget amendment is that it does not provide for a capital budget. The argument here is that just as most families need to borrow money for large purchases, such as a home, the Federal Government should also have the ability to borrow money for capital investments. Those who hold that view, point out that if families had to live under the same circumstances imposed on the federal Government by a balanced budget amendment, no one would be able to purchase a home.  Mr. President, comparing the Federal Government to the typical family purchasing a home is a very misleading comparison. The Federal Government has an annual budget of more than $1.6 trillion and the ability to increase its income at will by raising taxes. There is virtually no project conceivable which the Federal Government could not afford to finance without incurring debt. Just consider that we built the entire interstate highway system on a pay-as-you-go basis. The price of a home can easily be three times as much as the annual income of a family, which is why they need to borrow money to purchase it. By comparison, if the Federal Government wanted to undertake a project three times the amount of its annual income, the project would need to cost $4.8 trillion in 1 year. That is simply ludicrous. The truth is that with the amount of resources at the disposal of the Federal Government, there is simply no need for a separate capital budget.  The final objection I will address is that the balanced budget amendment will hamper the Government's ability to stimulate to the economy during a recession. Mr. President, the truth is that the Federal Government does not have a very good track record when it comes to trying to stimulate our economy. Bruce Bartlett of the National Center for Policy Analysis, points out that since November of 1948, there have been seven recessions, followed by ``anti-recession'' legislation. In each instance, the recession the legislation was designed to end was over by the time the legislation was finally passed. In fact, Bartlett concluded that ``Without exception, stimulus programs have failed to moderate the recessions at which they were aimed, and have often sowed the seeds of the next recession.''  Part of the reason for this is that Government jobs are very expensive to create. President Carter's budget director testified before the Joint Economic Committee in 1980 that public works jobs cost between $70,000 and $198,000 per job per year. The truth is, Mr. President, Congress should not be in the business of trying to micro-manage our economy. If Congress cannot even balance its own books, why do opponents of the balanced budget amendment believe Congress can manage the entire economy?  Mr. President, the decision before us is a simple one. It is a choice of fiscal responsibility or fiscal foolishness. It is a choice of protecting our children's financial future or destroying it. It is a choice of allowing the 50 States to have a say in this matter or denying them that freedom. In the end, Mr. President, it is a question, as Thomas Jefferson said, between right and wrong, and I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and vote for the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  Mr. President, the decision before us today is the most important one that this Senate will make in the 105th Congress. Let there be no doubt about it. Since the last balanced budget in 1969, deficit spending has become a permanent way of life in Washington. The result, as we all know, is a $5.3 trillion national debt. This debt is costing the taxpayers of America a quarter of a trillion dollars each year in interest payments alone. The reality is that without a balanced budget amendment, deficit spending will continue as usual and our children and our grandchildren will be left to pay the bill.  Mr. President, now that the debate is over and all of the smoke has cleared, we are faced with a simple choice between fiscal responsibility or fiscal foolishness, a choice of protecting our children's financial future or destroying it, a choice of allowing 50 States to have a say in the matter or denying them that freedom.  