 President, I rise in support of Senate Resolution 98. The negotiations on limiting post-2000 emissions of greenhouse gas emissions, which are scheduled to conclude in December in Kyoto, Japan, will have a significant impact on all Americans. This resolution addresses concerns that the administration has chosen to ignore while pursuing an international agreement that will bind the United States for decades to come.  Science should lead policy. Once again, the administration is pursuing an environmental policy that is based on insufficient research and analysis. Many in the scientific community believe that we are still years away from computer models that can confidently link global warming to human activity. Yet without strong scientific data, the administration is ready to commit the United States to binding actions that will impose economic and social burdens on every American.  Recently, the Department of Energy released a report by the Argonne National Laboratory containing several troubling findings on the effects of the proposed treaty on our economy. Among the conclusions, the study found that without requiring developing countries to meet the same emissions standards as the rest of the world, up to hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs will move overseas to so-called developing countries that have refused to participate in any new climate agreement. Higher energy prices will lead manufactures to produce lessat higher costs resulting in job loss, higher consumer prices and an inability to compete in a global marketplace. This will devastate our Nation. Yet, the administration is pushing to commit the American people to participate.  The developed countries should not shoulder the responsibility for reducing greenhouse gas emissions around the world. It seems obvious that in the long-run increasing emissions in developing countries will far outweigh any actions taken by the developed countries. Any binding actions by the United States must be accompanied by binding commitments from developing countries. I believe a majority of Americans would agree that devastating our Nation's economy by promoting industry flight overseas is not the answer to a global issue.  The public has a right to know how the administration's commitments requiring them to reduce fossil fuel energy will be accomplished and how their lives, jobs, and futures will be affected. I am greatly disturbed that the administration has not sought, and therefore has not received, support from Congress or the American public on this matter.  Mr. President, the American people deserve an open, objective and honest debate on the development of U.S. climate change policy. Without that, I can not and I will not support committing the United States to limiting post-2000 greenhouse gas emissions.  