 President, the bill before the Senate tonight, promises to provide about $75.8 billion in tax relief over the next 5 years and approximately $238 over 10 years. Mr. President, that is a good step forward. But, Mr. President, I rise tonight to remind and encourage my colleagues that while this bill might be viewed as a good step forward in providing tax relief to the American people. It is just that: a step forward--hopefully, toward greater reform in the future.  I will offer a sense-of-the-Senate resolution for a very simple, but very important purpose: We must not forsake our broader agenda to seek comprehensive reform of our tax system. Tax cuts are not a substitute for broad based reform.  Mr. President, while we live in a society that accepts the notion that some level of taxation is necessary to finance the cost of government, our challenge has always been how much government and at what cost.  In my view, the power to tax is the most ominous and potentially destructive power granted to government by the people and that is because taxes empower governments, not people, With that in mind, our tax policy should do no more harm than is necessary to achieve its stated good. This maxim underscores why we need to change our current system, and specifically eliminate the estate and capital gains taxes.  Our current tax system promotes waste and inefficiency, penalizes savings and investment and rewards dependency. Not only is the current Tax Code inequitable in who and how it taxes, it is responsible for fueling much of the growth of government and Federal spending. Changing how we collect revenue to pay for the cost of government will be a significant step in helping devolve power from Washington back to the people and restoring greater freedom.  We need to address significant tax policy changes that will not only provide taxpayers' relief, but will simplify and equalize tax collection. Taxation is bad enough without administering that tax through an inefficient, inequitable, complex and unresponsive tax system.  Yesterday, the National Commission on Restructuring the IRS came out with their report and recommendations. I have not had an opportunity to review their report completely, but I did note that simplification on the Tax Code was among one of their primary recommendations, including establishing one broad based tax system.  While the Commission was not tasked and did not address specific legislative proposals to reform the tax system, I believe that the underlying principle of seeking a``truly fair and comprehensive'' tax system is something we can all agree on And I would take this opportunity to commend my colleagues from Nebraska and Iowa for their leadership on this issue.  While I believe a flat tax is the most equitable replacement that supports the most freedom at the least cost--this resolution is not an endorsement of the flat tax. It only calls for Congress and the President to move forward with consideration of broad based reform.  While this bill attempts to reverse the punitive effects of our tax policy and tax system which currently punishes the basic values of work, savings and individual liberty, it is not sufficient to undo the basic premise that seems to underlie the current system and that is that the Government is entitled to all that you earn. And only through selected, targeted tax credits, deductions, exemptions and the like are the American people allowed to keep portions of the income that they work hard every day to earn.  Our tax policy should support the most freedom at the least cost and embody the least intrusive means of levying and collecting taxes. But most importantly of all, Mr. President, we need a policy that does not punish the basic values of work, savings and individual liberty.  Mr. President, without comprehensive tax reform, we will never truly be able to say that the era of big government is over.  Mr. President, I would encourage my colleagues to join me and the Senator from Idaho in supporting this sense-of-the-Senate resolution.  