Chairman, I wanted to rise in support of the entire bill and commend our chairman, the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen], and our ranking member, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Durbin], who is handling this bill for the last time here in the House, and wish him well in the other body as of next January, and to thank the gentleman from New Mexico for working with all of us on the committee, on both sides of the aisle, to continue support for American farmers, who are the most productive in the world.  Mr. Chairman, just for the record, let me say that in view of how much we have cut spending in this bill to meet the budget mark, let no one doubt which committee in this Congress is taking seriously the mandate to balance our budget. Our discretionary spending levels have been going down dramatically over the past several years.  Frankly, if you ask me, one way to solve the entitlement and mandatory spending problems and overruns we face as a country, it would be to collapse the jurisdiction of all those entitlement and mandatory spending programs right here in the Committee on Appropriations. We do a good job of it. I just want to thank the chairman for his leadership.  Mr. Chairman, the bill provides $52.6 million in total budget authority for USDA and related agencies, a level that is $10.51 billion below the fiscal year 1996 appropriations and $5.9 billion below the Administration budget request for fiscal year 1997. Let no one doubt which committee in this Congress takes serious by its mandate to balance the budget. Our discretionary spending levels are on a consistently downward slope. Frankly, if you ask me one way to solve the entitlement and mandatory spending overrun in other committees of this Congress would be to transfer their jurisdiction here. This is the only, committee that has a proven track record of deficit reduction.  The bill includes a total of $12.8 billion for discretionary programs which is $508 million less than the amount appropriated in fiscal year 1996 and $1.3 billion less than the budget request.  For mandatory programs, which are nearly 80 percent of the funding in this bill, the committee provides $39.9 billion, a decrease of $9.9 billion below the amount available for fiscal year 1996 and $4.5 billion below the budget request.  Mr. Chairman, those who serve farmers and work with Agriculture are taught over and over again that there is a big difference between money and wealth. Our job on this Committee on Agriculture is to help create the wealth of America through the investments that we make in agriculture.  Market-oriented farm policy means farming for the market and not the Government, and requires investments in research which will keep agriculture competitive as we move into the new century.  The committee faced tough choices given our spending constraints. Yet, while faced with tight budget constraints we were still able to shift resources to priority programs.  In order to adequately fund critical programs like agricultural research and food safety, we needed to look at all programs funded in this bill including the new mandatory programs created by the farm bill.  Much discussion has focused on the $100 million cut in farm program payments that was included in the subcommittee mark. I did not support efforts to restore this funding--$100 million out of $5.2 billion, is reasonable particularly when you consider that prices are record levels. At a time when we are on a path to balanced budget, it makes no sense to add new mandatory programs or to provide a windfall in farm payments.  I am particularly pleased that this bill also includes a provision which I offered and passed unanimously at subcommittee which requires farmers to plant in order to receive production flexibility payments under the new farm bill. This is a good Government amendment that allows taxpayers to get something in return for their investment in agriculture. The amendment allows for exemptions for conserving uses and weather-related exceptions.  As one supportive Member has described it, this is the ``just don't sit on the tractor'' amendment. This amendment basically says to receive a Federal payment you must work for it. If we expect welfare recipients to work for Federal payments, why shouldn't farm payments go only to those who work.  Since this amendment was offered I have heard from a number of tenant farmers who have been told by their landlords that their annual leases will not be renewed, so that the landlord can collect the full transition payment. For example, a rice farmer in Texas called my office today to say that the land he had farmed for the past 20 years was being taken away from him. He paid $80 an acre for rent and under the payment structure of the new farm bill that landlord could receive $160 an acre. Since the signup for the new farm bill isin effect through July 12 we can make no estimate as to how widespread this concern is. But I want to serve notice today, that I will offer this amendment year after year until this provision which allows landlords to ``take the money and run'' is fixed.  And another farmer wrote me recently,       By all accounts my farming operation is rated as one of the      top five in my county. We (my father and brother) combine      ourselves so we rely on no outside help . . . We specialize      in production of rice, corn and soybeans. We lease 75% of      ground to farm which is the cause of our problem.       The landowner can now, terminate a lease of the tenant, . .      . with the sole purpose of collecting the payment and not      producing any crops on that land. . . . it allows investors      to buy real estate and use the payment to help pay for the      land, while not allowing a producer to farm it. . . . It was      not the intent of this legislation to give land owners or any      one the chance to exploit this bill into another public      relations nightmare.  I must however express my opposition to the cap on sugar payments that is included in this bill. While I will not offer a motion to strike this provision, its impact will be devastating to the sugar beet farmers in my District. This bill caps the U.S. raw sugar price at 117.5 percent of the loan rate, or 21.5 cents per pound. This about 1.5 cents below current prices. According to USDA, so much foreign sugar would have to be imported to reduce the raw sugar price to the capped level, that the refined sugar prices beet producers receive for their crop would plummet to about 24 cents per pound from the current 32 cents per pound. This cap will reduce the value of the sugar produced by beet growers by $650 million.  Traditional farm programs continue to receive a decreasing portion of our spending and in my view we should target our scarce agricultural dollars to small family farmers. I opposed the recent farm bill because I do not believe that it did enough to target assistance to family farmers and to provide them with a safety when times are bad. While the farm bill made progress by enacting a $40,000 payment limitation, I remain concerned that large corporate farmers can still have access to Federal payments.  In the decade of the 1980's we have slowly eroded the basis of American agriculture--the family farmer--and are moving in the direction of large corporate farms. We must address the increased concentration in agricultural markets that is squeezing family farmers out of business. We must also ensure that commodity prices are maintained at a level high enough to compensate for costs of production and to maintain standards of living in order to attract and retain individuals in farm production. And further, we must also negotiate trade agreements which encourage and enhance the ability of family farmers to compete in world markets.  In agriculture trade, we must also work to recapture lost markets and increase exports. As American agricultural exports grow, foreign agriculture exports are being shipped to the United States in greater magnitude. Since 1981, our agricultural exports have declined from $43.8 billion to a low of $26.2 billion in 1986 and are projected to be a record $60 billion next year. At the same time agricultural imports have increased from $10.8 billion to approximately $25 billion in 1995. In many cases these are products our own farmers could be selling.  In closing, I want to again commend the chairman and the ranking member for putting together a good bill. I urge the Members to support this fiscally responsible measure.  