Speaker, I want to thank the gentlemen for yielding time to me.  I rise in strong opposition to this rule and certainly in strong opposition to MFN. This rule was concocted late last night in the wee hours, around midnight, when none of the Members were here except but a few of us who overheard that there might be a meeting up there in the third corner, none of the press was around.  What we have here is merely another attempt by Speaker Gingrich and Mr. Armey to railroad debate in this House on a measure so vital to the American people as well as to the cause of liberty in China. Under normal circumstances, I guess it would be said, but I am so outraged that it is hard to be sad as we consider this here this evening. In Washington it is now nearly 1 a.m., and most of the membership has gone home. People here are bleary-eyed, and yet this is what we are subjected to.  Tomorrow when most of our membership is gone, we will try to attempt to take up the merits of this.What disrespect we show to Bill Emerson, our dear colleague, by the manner in which this is being conducted.  I also want to say to my good friend, the gentlewoman from California, Congresswoman Pelosi, and to the gentleman from Virginia, Frank Wolf, this Chamber should treat you better. Everyone of our colleagues who is here and who is a party to this deplorable rule and the manner in which it is being considered, shame on you. Shame on you. Shame on you, Speaker Gingrich, wherever you are. You were out here making noise a few minutes ago, and Mr. Armey, for not showing the courtesy to the Members who have worked so hard to represent the best values that we represent as a country.  But do you know what? I have been at this podium before. I have the benefit of 14 years of seniority in this people's House. I remember when they railroaded GATT through here. Boy, do I remember that. I remember standing in this well and saying, American people, remember this one. I remember some of the Members in here snickered. Do you know what? They do. And I remember the NAFTA vote. I remember we almost carried it, and then 63 deals were made. And do you know what? The American people, they remember that, too.  And now we have got China MFN. It is merely another battle in a war, but it is out there in the country because the country ultimately learns what happens here no matter how hard we try to muzzle debate. In this legislation, the United States becomes the most unfavored nation, the most unfavored nation.  Take a look here. Every single year that we have had most-favored-nation, what a misnomer that is, the United States has amassed growing trade deficits with China. Until this year, we are at a level of over $40 billion, which translates into an additional loss at home of 800,000 jobs in this country. By names of companies you know: Nike, we have got Members here who are going to sell out for tennis shoes. We have got members in this Chamber, why, by golly, they are going to sell out for Wal-Mart, 700 sweatshops over in China that make that junk that they send in over to our shores. Well, Bill Clinton gets a lot of money from Sam Walton's family. I feel sad about that. But I care more about freedom and the way people are treated.  We have got some Members here who are going to sell out for Barbie dolls when the vote comes up here tonight and tomorrow. How sad.  You have an accounting to do in a higher life for the votes you will cast on this issue. Commercialism, that is what has become the basis of our foreign policy in the post-cold war world in which we are living.  In fact, the words of democracy, the hope for democracy, respect for the rule of law, the dignity of working people, the promotion of a sustainable environment, those are all illusions as we stand here in this Chamber this evening.  We have no evidence that China has done anything to warrant this favored treatment which will give them a 2 percent tariff level of goods into our market while they maintain a 30 percent to 40 percent tariff against our goods. And they now have the second largest amount of dollars reserves in the world, $70 billion, which they use to buy weapons pointed at us and at their neighbors. So that is what China MFN creates.  What a shame. What a shame. Maintaining the status quo by voting for MFN is a disgrace.  