Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I wish to join my colleagues in strong support of this measure designating the Carl B. Stokes Courthouse in the great city of Cleveland.  As a young girl growing up in Ohio, it was rather interesting to me to first learn of Carl Stokes through television from a city 2\1/2\ hours east of Toledo, and to frame a lot of my own views of America through what we learned from him.  Without a doubt, his successes as an elected official helped shape the views not just of the Buckeyes of Ohio but, in fact, of all of America because what he did was, in fact, so precedent setting.  Looking back, for this generation of Americans now growing up, on his life, it may seem all so simple and it may seem as if all the pieces just fit into place. But having watched those times and lived through those times, his ability to retain composure under enormous pressures from those who probably did not understand what he was trying to accomplish, and trying to maintain a demeanor that would continue to build bridges across differences and points of view, and then looking at where he went with what he had makes him such a renaissance man to me.  It is interesting to me not just where he went but where he came from. I know in this Chamber joining us tonight is his very distinguished brother, also of Cleveland, Congressman Lou Stokes. I remember once going on a trip with Lou through Cleveland where he showed us where they grew up. To see that and then to understand the family, two brothers, a very devoted mother, understanding where they came form and how far they have gone and how they have influenced the mindset of a Nation is truly, truly profound.  So in helping to honor the mother and the family and certainly Carl Stokes in the naming of this courthouse, I lend my support to this measure to a man who was not just a mayor and not just a judge and not just an attorney's attorney, and not just an ambassador, but a true leader for us all.  Those of us from the Buckeye State are very, very proud of Carl B. Stokes, very proud of the Stokes family and how they helped lead America into a new day.  I thank the gentleman very much for yielding me the time and again lend my strong support to this very necessary measure.  