Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time and I rise in strong support of the Bateman amendment and want to talk a little bit with the membership about why the agreement without this amendment is so flawed.  The agreement essentially will not end foreign subsidy and dumping practices, it will, however, kill the recent rebirth of commercial shipbuilding in our country. It will eliminate thousands of highly skilled jobs in our shipyards and in the thousands of industries throughout 46 States which supply our shipyards.  While our Trade Representative was at the negotiating table, it is important to point out that South Korea announced a $750 million bailout of its Daewoo Shipyard, which has been dumping ships on the world's market; Germany granted a $4 billion shipyard modernization subsidy to its shipyards, monies which are still being disbursed.  Our negotiators agreed to grandfather these special subsidies, and though our trade negotiator maintains that restructuring is supposed to be tied to closure of facilities and associated worker restraining, that is not how foreign governments see it. In fact, Spain is spending $723 million to modernize all of its existing facilities with no closures planned.  Further, the overall agreement fails to discipline the ship dumping practices of Japan and South Korea, and even though China has just begun to target shipbuilding as a means to develop its manufacturing industries, China is not a signatory to this agreement, nor is Poland, nor is Russia.  So what did America get out of this deal? Nothing. What did American shipbuilders get out of this deal? Nothing. And what did American workers get out of this deal? Nothing. In fact, our negotiators agreed to immediately gut the modest title XI ship loan program that is included in the Bateman amendment. So without the Bateman amendment we will kiss more U.S. shipyard jobs goodbye.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Bateman amendment and, without its inclusion, to oppose the bill.  