Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York [Mrs. Maloney] for taking the leadership today in commemoration of International Women's Day, which is March 8, this Friday, and also during this month of March, Women's History Month.  So often, I guess, I have to think back to the whole history of the country. There have only been about 165 women that have ever served in the Congress of the United States out of over 11,700 persons that have been elected to the Congress of the United States. So it has not been but until very recently that women have been able to discuss not just the plight of men in this country and children but also of themselves, the issues of concern to working women here in our country, which is the vast majority of women of all ages, as well as women around the world.  I want to thank the Congresswoman from the great city of New York for taking the leadership on this and helping us put on the record on behalf of women everywhere helping us be a voice for them. I must begin with entering into the Record an article from the New York Times of February 21 of this year called Squeezing the Textile Workers. It is just an excellent story by John Holusha, and it is situated in Pisgah, AL, P-I-S-G-A-H. I have never visited there.  It talks and it has a magnificent picture, compelling picture of two women, Martha Smith, saying goodbye to her fellow coworker in that town at a plant called Andover Togs, where she and approximately 100 other workers, largely women, lost their jobs sewing children's clothing.  If I could describe this picture to you, I am sure that most Americans who have gone through this understand. They were saying goodbye to one another and facing a very unknown future. She was quoted as saying, ``There are no more textile jobs around here, they are all going to Mexico and overseas.'' Ms. Smith, who has lost 3 jobs due to plant closings, seems to have the evidence on her side. Two other sewing mills in this region of northern Alabama closed at about the same time, sending 550 people, mostly women, into the local labor market.  In many of these towns, there just are not any other jobs to go to. So often we hear, these jobs are low skill jobs; these are not the high technology jobs of the future. If anyone has ever made a dress or have done it by hand or if you have done it with a machine or if you have ever sewn pearls on a wedding dress in a pattern, I would like to see the President of the United States do that. I would like to see most of the Members of this body do that. There is not any job that takes more skill, more concentration, more attention to detail than the sewing arts, because in fact they are the arts.  And for those people that work on machines, which many of these women do, the speed at which they have to work with piece work in order to get paid is a speed beyond which most people in this society have never had to work. And they work very, very hard for a living. Many of them get carpel tunnel just in that one industry because they work so hard. Many of them being immigrants, many women it is their first job that they have really had after high school or after going through school. And many of them are the sole support of their families.  So tonight we pay tribute to them and we say to them that we know who you are. And we understand the important jobs that you have done for the people of this country, and we think it is very wrong that those jobs are being outsourced elsewhere by corporations that do not value you as much as we value you in this country. And really, it is not your fault. A lot of women go home at the end of the day and think, gee, I lost my job because I did not try hard enough. Yet they have very good work records. Many of them have children at home. They have husbands. They have houses to keep. And yet they go to work every day, many times when they do not feel well, and they have done this throughout the history of this country.  If you look at what has been happening over the last 20 years, what hasbeen happening to them is so unfair, so unfair. The last 20 years, the entry level wages of women with high school educations has gone down 20 percent. That means the harder they work, the fact that they are providing many times the income that makes the difference between that family being able to survive or not survive, they are getting paid less for it. And even women who have gone to college are now earning 7 percent less than their counterparts did 20 years ago.  So the stress that families feel and particularly women who still largely have the child rearing responsibilities, taking care of the home when they get home from work, even though that responsibility is more shared now, there is just a great deal of pressure on them.  If it had not been for women going into the workplace, even though many of them do not want to be there today but they have to be, family incomes would have gone right through the floor. And now they are barely treading water just keeping even. If you look at where women have had the most pressure on them, where they have been losing jobs to international trade because of unfair trade laws, they are in fields like electrical machinery and electronics, apparel, which I have just talked about, the food processing industry like the women workers in Watsonville, CA, who worked so very hard for Green Giant. They then put all those women out of work and replaced them with very cheap labor in Mexico, where the women do not earn enough to buy the frozen foods that they manufacture. And in fact they cannot even afford a small refrigerator in their homes. Many of them do not have electricity. Yet those women are being exploited in Mexico while our women lose their jobs here in this country.  If you look at NAFTA, since the passage of NAFTA, of the hundreds and hundreds of thousands of jobs lost in our country, about a third of those were held by women, many in the apparel industries.  We know, just because of GATT and NAFTA, we have had upwards of 85,000 women lost their jobs in apparel and 30,000 women in textiles. And it is not because people in this country are not working hard. Americans work harder than any other people in the world, including overtime. We have the fewest vacation days. I think only one other nation, the Japanese, work a few more hours a week than we do. So it is not that people here are not trying very hard.  I want to thank Congresswoman Maloney. I just will end with this statement: That among the laws of our country that are so important in giving women equal pay for equal work and the wage and hour laws that control overtime compensation and how many hours people can work, those laws were passed during the 1930's. There was a great women Congresswoman from New Jersey, from Jersey City, NJ, Mary Norton, who served here was responsible.  She actually chaired what was then called the Education and Labor Committee. So it was a woman from you part of the country, who grew up in very humble circumstances, who was responsible during those years for coming here to Congress, waiting her turn to serve as committee chair, and responsible for the most important labor laws that have helped working women and working men across this country for the better part of the century. So we owe a lot to the east coast. We owe a lot to the Manhattan-Jersey City nexus and to the great Congresswoman from Jersey City, Mary Norton, for helping us build a middle class in this country.  Congresswoman Maloney, you walk in her footsteps, and I thank you tonight for allowing me to participate in this special order.  