 President, I rise today to honor a great team, a great school, and a great State. It is fair to say that California has had its share of troubles, but it is also fair to say that we have had our share of victories.  We had a great victory last night, when the UCLA Bruins defeated the University of Arkansas Razorbacks for the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship.  The victory was all the more impressive because they did it without the play of Tyus Edney, their little floor general.  In his absence, the rest of the team stepped up to the challenge. They broke the aggressive defense of the Razorbacks, which has been described as 40 minutes of Hell.  They won with a combination of youthful enthusiasm, guts, teamwork, and stamina. And they won under the watchful gaze of the Wizard of Westwood--the legendary retired coach, John Wooden.  UCLA pulled down 50 rebounds, 21 of them at the offensive end.  Ed O'Bannon, the senior who battled back from knee injury, played the entire game last night and was named Most Outstanding Player.  Toby Bailey, the freshman phenomenon from Los Angeles, had 26 points. It was a masterful performance against a great opponent.  This is the 11th championship by UCLA, and the first for Coach Jim [[Page S5109]] Harrick. John Wooden won a remarkable 10 tournaments in 12 years between 1964 and 1975. Now, for the first time in 20 years they will be able to hang a national championship banner at Pauley Pavilion.  Being the Senator from California, it is with great pride that I point out that four out of five starting players are from California: Tyus Edney from Long Beach, the sensational brothers Charles and Ed O'Bannon from Lakewood, and freshman Toby Bailey from LA.  Other Californians on the team are J.R. Henderson, Bob Myers, Kris Johnson, and Kevin Dempsey. I am proud to say that not only is it a California school, it is a California team. Other players contributing to last night's victory were sophomore Cameron Dollar and senior George Zidek, an Academic All-American. The players on this team are worthy successors of the greats of a generation ago: Alcinder, Goodrich, Johnson, Walton, and Hazzard.  I would like to extend my sincere condolences to President Clinton and the Razorbacks. Obviously, they made a good show. But this win is particularly significant because California has been through a period of fire, flood, earthquake, and major grief. And when teams like the San Francisco '49ers win a Super Bowl and the UCLA Bruins win the NCAA Championship, it brings people together and it shows the spark and spirit of what made this State so great in the first place.  It was a special win. My sincere congratulations to UCLA. I know I am joined by my colleague, Senator Barbara Boxer, and by every Member of this Senate in saying it was a job truly well done.  