 President. I thank the Senator from Ohio.  Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the distinguished Senator from Colorado. As the ranking member of the Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs Subcommittee of the Foreign Relations Committee, I have worked closely with Senator Brown, the chairman of this subcommittee, to try to work toward a more productive United States policy in South Asia.  I respect him and I respect what he is trying to do. However, while there are some issues on which we are in agreement, there are many on which we differ.  Let me first say that I echo the statement of the Senator from Nebraska by saying that I believe the administration is wrong.  I have heard two major reasons put forward as to why we should put this $368 million of military equipment in Pakistan's hands now. The first is, they paid for it, it is the honorable thing to do.  I agree. I will introduce an amendment which will carry with it Sense of Congress language which will say that the President is asked to try to sell the F-16's and return as much of the equity payment made by Pakistan back to Pakistan as possible. I believe that is the honorable thing to do.  The second thing I have heard is that we have to buttress the Bhutto regime. This is what gives me the deepest trouble.  If there is anybody that believes that one stabilizes or buttresses a regime which suffers from instability, in an area where there is a tinderbox of hostilities between two countries, and where both countries have the ability in a matter of days to have a nuclear capacity utilized--I think that is the wrong idea. I could not go to sleep at night knowing this equipment went, and that I voted for it, at absolutely the wrong time. I will explain in my remarks why I believe it is the wrong time.  Sanctions were invoked against Pakistan in 1990 because President Bush could not certify that Pakistan did not possess a nuclear explosive device.  Nothing has changed since that time. To this day, neither President Bush nor President Clinton has been able to make that certification. And today President Clinton cannot make that certification.  So, despite its remonstrances to the contrary, Pakistan to this day continues to develop its nuclear weapons program and has technology imported from abroad. And I believe even today Pakistan is engaged in developing an indigenous capability to produce nuclear weapons--not to have to get the technology from abroad, but to do it right at home.  As late as a couple of months ago, the Prime Minister of Pakistan denied that. That is a problem for me. That is a problem for me, to vote for something which I know will be used for one purpose and one purpose only, and that is probably to attack a neighbor, when I am told an untruth. As Senator Glenn, I believe, will outline, these same statements have been made year after year for the past decade.  So, under these circumstances, I believe it is wholly inappropriate for the United States to release to Pakistan this military equipment. For us to take this step, Pakistan should make vast improvements in the area of nonproliferation.  I believe that Pakistan has acquired M-11 missiles in violation of the MTCR. Pakistan is subject to MTCR sanctions. We have alleged that China sold these missiles to Pakistan. China is not a signatory to the MTCR. Recently, as a product of negotiations with our State Department, China has agreed to abide by the MTCR. But Pakistan knows better. They are subject to MTCR rules, and every M-11 has inherent nuclear capability. Let there be no doubt about that. So, if one looks at both India and Pakistan, to add weapons at this time is a big mistake.  Let me tell you what the Indian Ambassador has told me. What he has told me is that he believes that the 28 Harpoon missiles which are part of this package, would give Pakistan a standoff capability to which India has no immediate response.  What does this mean? If we do this now, India is a few months before an election. It simply fuels the fires within the Indian political structure and perhaps prompts them to deploy a missile known as the Prithvi, which they have, in response to this. That is a scenario that I find inescapable in the transfer of these weapons.  We can cloak this in any terms we want. But if we know and honestly believe that this might be the result of the delivery of these weapons, why are we doing it? How can we sleep and do it? The P-3C aircraft can launch a Harpoon. The Harpoon also has a surface-to-surface capability. The Indians believe the P-3C can carry the Harpoon from Karachi to Sri Lanka, so it has the distance.  There are certain aspects of the Brown amendment that I support. I certainly share the view that it is desirable for there to be an improvement in the United States-Pakistani relationship. Pakistan is strategically located, has a significant population, it is a good friend in the Moslem world, it is an emerging democracy in a part of the world where we would like to see more democracy.  As has been said, Pakistan has cooperated with the United States in a variety of ways. It is the second largest contributor of troops to U.N. peacekeeping operations. I think that is a big deal. Pakistan has been prepared to put its troops on the line to keep peace in the world, and I, for one, appreciate that.  It has assisted in our antinarcotics efforts, and it has been helpful to U.S. antiterrorism efforts. And it is helpful right now in a very terrible and tragic situation in Kashmir, where one American is still being held hostage.  There is certainly room for more cooperation and the kinds of nonmilitary assistance which would be allowed to resume under this proposal--antiterrorism assistance, antinarcotics assistance, immigration control training, environmental and population assistance, civil aviation cooperation--would not only build even greater cooperation, but they would directly benefit the effort and interests of the United States in a range of areas.  Part of the amendment I will offer will do just that: Take the nonmilitary part of Senator Brown's amendment and allow it to go ahead. It is my understanding that these types of assistance were never envisioned to be cut off at the time that the Pressler amendment was adopted, so I see no harm and much good that could come by restoring these types of assistance programs to Pakistan.  I was pleased to cosponsor an amendment with the Senator from Colorado in the Foreign Relations Committee to allow this assistance. However, I think we need to tread much more carefully when it comes to military assistance. Returning Pakistan's broken spare parts is, I think, a reasonable gesture of good will--no problem with that. Allowing Pakistan to resume its participation in the IMET military training course will help rebuild the ties between the United States and the Pakistani military, which is important for strategic cooperation. But allowing the transfer of the package of equipment allowed by this amendment is another story.  The Pressler amendment sanctions took effect because our Government in effect knew that Pakistan was not abiding by earlier agreements made with our Government, and commitments made to United States Senators on this floor at that time, in the 1980's. They asked for aid contingent on them not pursuing nuclear weapons, and then they turned around and did just what they said they would not do.  Pakistan needs to make progress reversing that problem, and I believe we would send a dubious message by renewing our supply line to the Pakistani military. As I mentioned, the package transferred under this proposal would include P-3C surveillance aircraft, capable of providing submarine deterrence, which is a major concern to India; the Harpoon missiles; the TOW missile launchers; the spare parts for F-16's; and other sophisticated equipment.  It is not a significant enough package to substantially alter the military balance in South Asia, but it is a change in the military balance of South Asia. Do we want to change the military balance of South Asia shortly before a hotly contested election in India, when we know major candidates running in that race will be forced to respond? They will be forced to respond, and one of the things that has been a goal of American foreign policy is to prevent the deployment of the Prithvi missile. Instead, we are providing the excuse for the deployment of the Prithvi missile, and therefore further escalating and heightening tensions between the two countries.  And there is major tension. There is no subject as sensitive, as difficult, on which the sides are more implacable than the Kashmir problem. You have seen the worst results of that tension in terms of the taking of the hostages, the cutting off of the head of one of them, and the rolling of the head down the street. If that does not demonstrate what feelings are, I do not know what will.  So, I know the Clinton administration does not want to prop up unstable regimes, does not want to put equipment in the middle of a tinderbox, but that is exactly what this does, and there is no way to say it does not. It does.  Anyone who has had the security briefing I think better understands the problem.  So I cannot support a resumption of these arms transfers. The greatest threat of nuclear war on the planet today, I believe, rests in South Asia and rests between India and Pakistan. India has contributed to this tension just as much as Pakistan has. But it is there. It is real. It is palpable and it is fueled by a dramatic ongoing debate which one country views as a major assault on its territorial sovereignty. What else does one need as a precipitant to a conflagration?  So I urge my colleagues to look carefully at this resolution, to look carefully at the list of equipment, at the rockets, at the missiles, at the parts that are being sent in this $368 million transfer. I hope that the Brown amendment might be defeated and that we would have an opportunity to put forward an amendment which would carry forth the economic and the humanitarian, the antinarcotics and antiterrorism portions of Senator Brown's very well-meaning amendment.  I thank the Chair. I yield my time.  