 President, today I offer an amendment that establishes a clear standard of behavior other countries must meet in order to be eligible to purchase military equipment from the United States.  It amends the Arms Export Control Act by adding a section which states that no defense article or defense service may be sold or licensed for export to a country unless the President has certified to Congress that the country is cooperating fully with the United Stats, or taking adequate steps on its own, to help achieve U.S. antiterrorism objectives.  This amendment does recognize that certain transactions of military equipment do have a direct bearing on our national security, so it allows the President to waive the prohibition with respect to specific transactions if he determines that they are essential to the national security interests of the United States.  The United States is the leading exporter of military equipment in the world. In fiscal year 1994, the United States sold some $12.86 billion worth of defense equipment and services around the world. By and large, these exports serve the interests of the United States by helping to build up the security of our allies. Improving our allies' abilities to defend themselves is one of the most effective ways we can advance and protect our own interests abroad.  It is not unreasonable to expect a certain level of cooperation from countries to whom we sell military equipment. Obviously cooperation in defense matters is taken into consideration, as it should be, because of the clear benefit it brings to United States security interests.  But our security these days is affected by other, less conventional problems. Today, terrorism poses a major threat to U.S. security interests, and to our way of life. Because of that, we must demand and expect cooperation from our allies to help us achieve our antiterrorism objectives. When we share our most advanced military technology with our allies, we should be able to expect full cooperation in these crucial areas.  For the most part, the commitment to combat terrorism is strong among our allies who purchase U.S. military equipment. Many of them know first-hand the scourge of terrorism, and have been deeply affected by it. Indeed, the State Department's 1994 Patterns of Global Terrorism report describes some 321 international terrorist attacks in 1994, in Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East. Occasionally, however, we have been disappointed by the cooperation we have received in our antiterrorism efforts.  This amendment is designed to add an additional incentive for those states to cooperate with U.S. antiterrorism efforts. We need their full cooperation in: Apprehending, prosecuting, and extraditing suspected terrorists; sharing intelligence to deter terrorist attacks; pressuring state sponsors of terrorism to change their behavior; curbing private fundraising efforts for terrorist organizations within their country; and, taking actions to prevent or deter terrorist attacks. Where we have signed agreements and treaties, they should be fulfilled in both letter and spirit. Where we do not have such agreements, our allies should work with us to put them in place as quickly as practicable.  The threat of international terrorism demands that the civilized nations of the world band together to defend against those who would use violence for political ends. This amendment will help ensure that the United States gets the cooperation it needs from our allies to fight this threat.  