 President, I rise today in strong support of the Ryan White CARE Reauthorization Act, and in so doing I would very much like to thank the Labor and Human Resources Committee.  I would like to thank its distinguished chairman, the Senator from Kansas, and the ranking member, the Senator from Massachusetts. And I must say, to the credit of this committee, this reauthorization bill is reported to the full floor unanimously.  Mr. President, Ryan White affects 42 cities--7 in my State--and all 50 States. It costs $630 million, and it provides 350,000 people with services they would not be able to get, otherwise, outside of a hospital. It has dramatically reduced the overall cost of the health care delivery system.  Let me give you some examples of how Ryan White funding has helped communities in my State. In California, through use of its Ryan White title II funds, the State has reported a 50-percent reduction in hospital stays resulting in over $21 million in cost savings.  In San Francisco, Project Open Hand delivers a meal to 1,200 homebound people every day. This is accomplished through the efforts of 2,400 volunteer drivers and food preparers.  In Los Angeles, the AIDS Health Care Foundation, which is the largest AIDS organization in California, annually serves approximately 2,400 people living with HIV and AIDS at outpatient clinics. Last year it provided a final home to over 250 hospice residents.  In San Diego, the AIDS Foundation uses its Ryan White funding to provide a full range of outpatient clinical and social services to people with AIDS.  Let me say that, increasingly, the majority of new cases served under the Ryan White Act are in rural areas. Increasingly they are women, they are minorities, and they are children. And I think the lesson in this is that AIDS really knows no gender or sexual orientation. It is a real and major threat, and, as such, this act is very important in its treatment.  Mr. President, I am one who has had quite a bit of experience with AIDS. I would like to take a few moments to tell you what it was like before there was a Ryan White CARE Act. As mayor of San Francisco during the 1980's, I had many challenges. But none was more serious or severe than the emergence of the AIDS epidemic. I remember my first meeting on this subject as if it were yesterday. I think it was 1981. I was told in a meeting in the mayor's office that there was a rumor of a so-called gay cancer which had as one of its symptoms purple skin lesions. I called our director of public health and asked him to look into it. He called the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta and learned that New York and Los Angeles were reporting a similar syndrome that was appearing in gay men.  At the time, we had no idea what we were dealing with. We did not know whether this was caused by a virus, a bacteria, or something else. We did not know how widely spread the epidemic had become or that hemophiliacs, Haitians, and intravenous drug users were already infected. We certainly did not know that it had originated in Central Africa, and that it would impact millions of people, and that it was sweeping through sub-Saharan Africa long before it reached this hemisphere.  But one thing I did know. We were dealing with something that was deadly. And it is my belief that as an elected official, when one learns of a threat to the public health, one has a responsibility to act. By the end of that first year, there were 76 diagnosed cases in San Francisco. We had allocated $180,000 for the first AIDS program in the Nation. By the time I left office in 1988, January, we were spending approximately $20 million a year, more than the rest of the cities in the country combined and, for most of the time, more than the State of California.  There was no Ryan White program then. But I can tell you that I certainly could have used it. We had to fund all those services from the city budget--the first AIDS prevention programs, the first AIDS housing programs, the first preliminary AIDS research efforts, which were pioneered at San Francisco General Hospital by Dr. Paul Volberding, and others. We opened the first AIDS ward. I broke that ribbon. We funded hospice care as well as a full range of support services.  San Francisco's response became known as the model AIDS program. Health officials from around the world came to observe it. And many returned home to replicate it. Make no mistake about it, it was hard. But if I had it to do over again, I would do it again. And if I do nothing else in my public life, creation of that model will be among my proudest achievements.  Last year it was learned that San Francisco was actually experiencing a decline in the number of new AIDS cases. This was very encouraging. As far as I know, San Francisco is the only major city on the planet that has experienced a decline in its AIDS caseload. When I read in the New York Times that the decline was attributable to one thing, the prevention program put into place in the early 1980's, I felt an affirmation of the principle which I stated earlier, which I will state again. As an elected official, when one learns of a threat to the public health, one has a responsibility to act.  Having said that, a lot of cities have sustained devastating losses. No city has been harder hit than my own, a city just 7 miles square, renowned for its beauty and its people. It is a city where 2 percent of its entire population has been claimed by AIDS, and 4 percent of its remaining population is estimated to be infected with the HIV. More than 50,000 young Californians have died from AIDS, approximately the same number as all Americans who died in Vietnam. Almost five times that many young Americans have died from AIDS.  While my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have recounted the alarming statistics with which we have become all too familiar, I believe that America has become numbed by the statistics of AIDS. I am reminded of a statement made in a different context: ``A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths are a statistic.'' That is all too true when it comes to AIDS.  The young man for whom this legislation is named gave the disease a face and a name to which every American could relate. Ryan White, a youngster, with his courage in fighting prejudice, helped this Nation begin to understand that AIDS knows no boundaries. Many years before the world came to know the name of Ryan White, there were also other names. There were names and faces that will be with many of us in this Chamber for a long, long time. For me, I lost many friends. I can tell you that I have lost many friends, and could recount a long litany of tragedy and suffering.  Let me tell you about two because they are recent deaths. The first is police officer Ray Benson whose funeral I attended just a few weeks ago. Ray became a San Francisco police officer in 1980 when I was mayor. And during the next 12 years he became the model police officer. He displayed conspicuous gallantry that personifies the risk of police officers daily when they report to duty. He received many awards during the course of his tenure, most recently the Medal of Valor for his actions while arresting a narcotics suspect. At the time he sustained serious wounds which required more than a 100 stitches in his face. But he shielded his fellow officers from the suspect's knife. Officer Ray Benson was a friend of mine. When I last saw him, his vision was failing, but his same strong spirit stood out. Ray's death from AIDS is but the most recent loss I have personally known.  I would like to mention just one other name and, due to the time constraints, I will stop. That name is Brad Wilson.  Brad was my scheduler during my campaign for Governor of California and my Senate campaign until he became too sick. He grew up in the Ozarks, graduated from the University of Chicago with top honors, and received his law degree from New York University.  After receiving an AIDS diagnosis, Brad fought for 6 more years, struggling to maintain his dignity and working as much as possible until 2 months before his death. In his final days, this brilliant young attorney, 39, was unable to care for himself in any way. Morphine was administered intravenously to deaden the pain caused by a brain infection, but he maintained his dignity until the end.  Three of his last visitors at home were my daughter and her husband who took with them my 5-month-old granddaughter to boost his spirits. Both Brad and Ray were able to avail themselves of the services provided by the Ryan White CARE Act, and for this I am forever grateful.  I mention these two names as a very personal example of the loss, but they are but two more names out of almost 250,000 who have died from AIDS in the United States. Ryan White's death proved that AIDS is an equal opportunity killer, and there should be no room for prejudice or discrimination toward those it strikes for, in truth, it can strike anyone.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill, with Ryan White's memory in mind, as well as the memory of each and every American who has died from AIDS.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  