 President, I rise today in support of this emergency disaster supplemental conference report. We are faced with a difficult decision: Parts of the Nation, including California, desperately need the emergency disaster funds contained in this bill, yet many of the cuts in this legislation, such as the Safe and Drug Free Schools Program and the Summer Youth Employment Program, will harm many of those very people we are intending to help the most.  However, emergency spending is just that, and American families affected by natural disasters cannot wait for us in Washington to get our acts together to begin providing relief. Since the beginning of this year, there have been seven new disaster declarations, including two floods in California, flooding in South Dakota, tornadoes in Alabama, the great tragedy of Oklahoma City, and flooding in Louisiana and Mississippi. FEMA has also undertaken preliminary damage assessments in Tennessee and Kentucky as a result of the tremendous rain and hail storms that recently swept through that area, and in South Dakota as a result of flooding.  Also, and more recently, the specter of the Mississippi River's recent cresting and the snowpacks melting in California reinforces the urgency for this timely assistance. I note with trepidation and concern that tornado season in the South and Midwest, and hurricane season in the Gulf and East Coast States will both soon be here.  In addition to this year's disasters, this funding will also go to continue or closeout the disaster assistance accounts in 40 other States for over 280 separate Federal disaster assistance obligations.  I understand President Clinton has said he will veto this bill. I welcome the recent comments by Chairman Hatfield and Chairman Livingston which would indicate at the very least a willingness to work toward providing this needed relief. I urge the administration and the leadership of both parties to work together toward a speedy resolution of the impasse we will soon face.  I fully support efforts to cut spending and reduce the deficit and look forward to working with my colleagues in the future toward that end. However, there are other vehicles for deficit reduction; we spent most of this week on the fiscal year 1996 budget resolution. Very soon we will also begin considering the fiscal year 1996 appropriations bills. I respectfully submit to my colleagues that these are the proper vehicles for controlling spending and deficit reduction and I pledge to work with them at the appropriate time to make those difficult decisions.  Let me reiterate that this is a national disaster relief bill. Now is the time for the Congress to come through for Americans who have been affected by national disasters. Let us not allow this obligation to get mired down in partisan bickering over which programs to cut and when to cut them. We will have the opportunity to make these cuts later; this emergency assistance, however, cannot wait.  I urge my colleagues to pass this conference report and to work with the administration toward formulating a disaster assistance bill that can both pass [[Page S7407]] the Congress and be signed by the President.  