 President, I rise in support of the proposed Medicare and Medicaid amendment, and would like to take a few minutes to explain my reasons for taking this position.  We all know that Medicare and Medicaid spending cuts are necessary.  There is no argument that Medicare and Medicaid must be reformed, that the Medicare trust fund must be restored to balance, and that entitlement spending must be slowed. Let me give you just a few examples of the need for reform:  The current cost of Medicare alone is a staggering $176 billion, and the program increases about 10 percent annually.  At over $803 billion, Medicare, Medicaid, and other entitlement programs already eat up over 50 percent of our annual budget.  The current Medicare Program pays out much more in benefits than it is taking in from premiums and payroll contributions.  Without reform, Medicare will continue to grow out of control. Costs for new technologies and procedures continue to increase rapidly, there are about 1 million additional Medicare participants each year, and managed care efforts for Medicare and Medicaid participants have not yet yielded significant savings to the Federal Government.  For those reasons, I have supported deficit reduction efforts and changes in Medicare in the past, and believe that we must all be willing to enact health care reform legislation, including measures such as means-testing the Medicare part B premium, raising the age of eligibility for new Medicare enrollees over time, and expanding a competition-based managed Medicare Program.  However, $400 billion in cuts from Medicare and Medicaid is a huge amount, which goes too far, too fast, without any assurances that our health care system won't be significantly undercut.  The real questions are how much to cut, how to make sure the cuts are distributed fairly, and how to make sure the cuts can work?  The proposed resolution cuts over $400 billion out of Medicare and Medicaid over the next 7 years--almost a third of the entire $1.3 trillion in cuts. These health care cuts include $256 billion from Medicare and $176 billion from Medicaid, along with cuts in other public health areas.  What exactly do health care cuts of this size really mean? Well, no one really knows, but health care experts tell us that the options for cuts of this size are few, and estimates by the Health Care Finance Agency, which runs these programs, have projected these fiscal impacts:  First, $256 billion in Medicare cuts will almost certainly increase seniors' out-of-pocket health care costs for premiums, deductibles, and copayments.  This will lower seniors' Social Security checks, because that is where the Medicare part B premium is deducted. Medicare premiums and Social Security checks are linked together because under the integrated Social Security check-issuing system, Medicare premiums are automatically taken out of Social Security checks. An increase in the Medicare premium leads directly to a decrease in the Social Security check.  Second, in addition, $176 billion in Medicaid cuts will force States to spend more, undercut the efforts of our safety net hospitals, increase the numbers of uninsured persons, and shift even more costs to the private employer-based health care system.  Do we really want to cut Medicare and Medicaid by $400 billion, based upon what we know about the effects of these cuts?  The impact of these cuts on would affect California enormously--more than almost every other State.  California will be particularly affected by these cuts because it has a large and growing population of 31 million residents, a high--20 percent--Medicaid rate, a high--23 percent--uninsurance rate, an extremely large--2 million--population of illegal immigrants, and high health care costs despite the spread of managed care and the tremendous success of group purchasing alliances.  For California, $256 billion in Medicare cuts could cause $34 billion in total cuts to California hospitals and patients over the next 7 years, according to the Health Care Finance Administration. Despite having only 9.5 percent of the Nation's Medicare population, California would pay for over 13 percent of the Medicare cuts.  These cuts could include a $4,300 increase in out-of-pocket costs--premiums, deductibles, and copayments--to each of the 3.6 million Medicare recipients in California, according to the Health Care Finance Administration.  Out-of-pocket costs are a critical issue for Medicare recipients, who already pay an extraordinary 23 percent [[Page S7070]] of their incomes on health care--compared to an average of 8 percent for those under 65. This increase would be 40 percent higher for Californians than cost increases to the rest of the Nation.  For California, $176 billion in Medicaid cuts could cause $15 billion in lost Federal funding--12 percent of the total cut, second only to New York, which can afford to spend thousands more than California on each Medicaid patient.  In reality, cuts of this size are only necessary to help pay for a Republican tax cut.  The Congressional Budget Office estimates that balancing the Federal budget will create an economic dividend of $170 billion.  If the budget is balanced and the dividend is certified by the   CBO, Republicans plan to use this dividend for tax cuts. Over $345 billion in tax cuts have already been included in the House version, and a similar proposal will soon be debated here in the Senate.  But the dividend could equally be used to soften the cuts in Medicare and Medicaid, which is what the Rockefeller amendment proposes, and how I believe it should be used.  This amendment would direct the Finance Committee to restore $100 billion, of the proposed $400 billion cut, to Medicare and Medicaid programs in order to ensure that 36 million Medicare recipients, our system of world-class hospitals, and those who still have their own private insurance are not adversely or disproportionately affected.  Here is the impact of the Rockefeller amendment on California:  While the budget resolution is projected to cut $34 billion in Medicare from California seniors and hospitals over the next seven years, the Rockefeller amendment would restore roughly $13.4 billion of that $34 billion.  While the budget resolution is projected to increase each of California's 3.6 million Medicare recipients' out of pocket costs as much as $4,300 per person over the next seven years, the Rockefeller amendment would specifically direct the Finance Committee to lower those increases.  While the budget resolution would cut $15 billion in Medicaid payments to California, the Rockefeller amendment would protect the most vulnerable populations, lessen the burden on state resources, and support the safety net of California hospitals.  Medicaid funding is included not only because it protects poor women and children, but also because so many seniors receive long-term health care and other supplemental ``safety net'' services from Medicaid, along with doctor and hospital coverage from Medicare.  This amendment is fully paid for. It does not lessen the deficit reduction in the budget, and still leaves significant cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. It is paid for out of the same bonus that Republicans would use for a tax cut. If CBO does certify a $170 billion bonus when the budget reconciliation bill goes through, then those funds would go back into Medicare, not into tax cuts.  Without this Medicare and Medicaid amendment, the budget resolution makes huge amounts of cuts, with no real assurance that they can be achieved in 7 years without destroying our health care system or imposing a crushing burden on seniors. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  