 President, I rise today in support of H.R. 660, the Housing for Older Persons Act of 1995. The main thrust of this legislation is to remove the requirement for significant facilities at 55-and-over communities.  This has been a major issue in California, particularly in the Inland Empire area including Riverside and San Bernardino Counties, which have traditionally been retirement communities catering to all income levels of seniors--from low-income mobile home parks to lavishly planned, full service retirement communities. One only has to drive along Interstate 10, from Los Angeles to Phoenix, to see the many billboards advertising these retirement communities.  Previously, these 55-and-over communities have been known as adults only communities. However, during consideration of the Fair Housing Amendments of 1988, in an attempt to combat discrimination against families with children, adults only communities were called into question.  In turn, Congress decided to preserve adults only communities, which previously housed seniors, with the new designation of ``55-and-over.'' One of the requirements for this designation was that communities must have ``significant facilities'' in order to qualify. The Department of Housing and Urban Development did not develop rules for ``significant facilities,'' however, until 1991. Unfortunately, these rules proved to be very controversial and resulted in several expensive law suits being brought by HUD against the very communities Congress had intended to protect.  The most controversial point had to do with the definition and differing interpretations by the courts and HUD as to what constituted ``significant facilities.'' Did it mean that there had to be a 24-hour, on-site medical facility, for example, or, could shuffleboard or other planned activities suffice?  Last year, due partially to concerns expressed by my office, former Department of Housing and Urban Development Assistant Secretary for Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity Roberta Achtenberg conducted hearings around the country, including one in San Bernardino County. From what I understand, communities were pleased with the outcomes of the hearings, and eventually, HUD developed new rules which lessened the definition of ``significant facilities.''  Still, cities have been anxious for Congress to adopt H.R. 660, to permanently eliminate the ``significant facilities'' requirement. Take for example, in my state of California, the city of Hemet.  In the city of Hemet, 50 percent of its housing is 55-and-over communities. Removing the seniors-only status and requiring these communities to absorb families with children will result in a dramatic shortage of classroom space, and the tax-base. Demographics are such that the financing of new school construction, in a city that was planned as a retirement community, would not be possible.  Adoption of H.R. 660 will preserve existing 55-and-over communities, and will clarify, once and for all, congressional intent with respect to protecting senior housing in retirement communities.   Although discrimination against families with children should not be tolerated, when a community has been planned specifically as a retirement community, and at least 80 percent of its residences house senior citizens, as this bill requires, then I believe those communities should have a right to be preserved as senior housing.  