  Mr. President, I have listened carefully over the past weeks of this debate--pro and con--on product liability. I am not an attorney, so I have tried hard to work through what is fair and what is not. While I would like to have an opportunity to vote for cloture on a more narrowly crafted bill, I cannot vote for this bill with the Dole amendment included. To do so, I believe, would extend the impact of the bill far beyond the limited field of product liability, and impose major limitations to redress of grievances across the board in all civil actions, without the opportunity of Committee hearings in the Senate and consideration of how the bill would impact other specific areas of the law.  Anyone who has read ``The Rainmaker,'' the newest best seller, can see what impact the Dole amendment would have, for example, in insurance cases. Insurance companies would be able to do exactly what was done in that book, act in bad faith. And I simply cannot support this.  I believe that Senators Gorton and Rockefeller have worked hard to craft a bill with reasonable reforms that could pass this body. I was particularly pleased with the compromise reached with the Snowe amendment to limit punitive damages to two times compensatory, which is now part of this bill. This replaces the original fixed cap of $250,000, or three times economic damages, whichever is greater. I believe this would be a fair model which takes into consideration both women and children whose earnings may be limited or nonexistent.  I find myself in strong support of other major provisions of this bill, as well. Specifically, I support the imposition of a 2-year statute of limitations from the time the injury and its cause are discovered for a plaintiff to bring a lawsuit. This provision is actually more permissive than that in many States, and California. This provision is actually victim and plaintiff friendly.  Two, the imposition of a 20-year statute of repose, an outer time limit on litigation involving workplace durable and capital goods. This is a fair standard of repose.  The bill would eliminate product seller's liability--including that against wholesalers, distributors, and retailers--for a manufacturer's errors. Sellers would remain liable in cases of their own negligence. For example, if a seller removed the manufacturer's label from a toy that said it is not appropriate for children under 6 years of age, and a child was subsequently injured, the seller would be liable.  The bill would preserve a plaintiff's power to sue one defendant, theoretically the deep pocket, for the full amount of economic damages, but eliminate such joint and several liability for noneconomic damages, such as pain and suffering.  It would allow either party to offer to participate in alternative dispute resolution--something that I very much thought and hoped would be part of this bill, and which I believe is an important part, especially for the plaintiffs who have small claims.  The bill would bar recovery of a plaintiff who is more than 50 percent responsible for causing their accident [[Page S6156]] due to intoxication from alcohol or any drug. This puts a fair measure of the degree of culpability on a plaintiff in an action.  It would reduce the amount of the judgment against the defendant if the product user is found to have misused or altered the product. I believe this is a just and fair provision. It would eliminate liability of raw material suppliers for medical devices, such as the supplier of teflon/dacron, products often used to coat a medical device.  Finally, the bill would deny an employer at fault in causing a workplace injury the right of reimbursement for workers compensation benefits from an employee who wins in a suit against a manufacturer.  The tort liability system has been a particular source of concern to many, and that includes everyone: consumers, professional service providers, manufacturers, and public agencies, all of whom, in recent years, have faced increasing liability insurance costs. Over the last 40 years, general liability insurance costs have increased at over four times the rate of growth of the national economy. American manufacturers and products sellers generally pay product liability insurance rates that are 20 to 50 times higher than those of their foreign competitors. In a global marketplace, that becomes a real barrier to competition.  Many believe that the tort liability system of delivering compensation is seriously flawed, requiring high transaction costs to deliver compensation that some see as inadequate and others as too generous, but which most agree is uncertain and unpredictable.  Putting aside the size of the judgment for a moment, the transaction costs associated with the current product liability system--including plaintiff's attorney's fees, defense legal fees, court proceedings and other public expenditures, the time of the litigants--are enormous. The Rand Institute found that overall transaction costs of the tort system actually exceed compensation to plaintiffs.  Critics of product liability reform, on the other hand, argue that however well or poorly the system performs its compensation function, it must be preserved and indeed strengthened because of its importance as a means of deterring unlawful, careless, negligent conduct in the manufacturing of a product.  I believe the basic bill provides a fair and reasonable balance. Many of its provisions are either consistent with or based on California law.  The two key features of the bill that have raised the most concern are the cap on punitive damages and the joint and several liability provisions.  I was pleased to work with and support Senator Snowe's amendment on a modified punitive damages formula that is responsive to the concern raised about the impact on women and children of the punitive damages cap in the original bill.  Instead of linking the punitive damages cap to a formula that is lopsided in favor of those with high amounts of lost wages, the modified formula links punitive damages to what I consider a fairer measure--the full compensation received by the plaintiff.  This formula is substantially that recommended by both the American College of Trial Lawyers and the American Law Institute, and both bodies have given a great deal of study and attention to the issue of punitive damages.  Although I would support a bill without a punitive damages cap, I have concluded that some reform of this area is needed.  The American College of Trial Lawyers, for example, commented that punitive damages awards ``* * * often bear no relation to deterrence and merely reflect a jury's dissatisfaction with a defendant and a desire to punish, often without regard to the true harm threatened by a defendant's conduct.'' They further note that ``* * * punitive damages should be more difficult to obtain and that the amounts of such awards should be subject to more control.''  The Supreme Court, as well, has expressed concern about punitive damages that ``run wild,'' and have clarified that it is the job of judges to review awards for their reasonableness.  In a recent law review article, it was noted that in recent years, the scope of punitive damages law has broadened considerably as the courts have applied them in new fields of law--such as product liability, mass tort litigation where punitive damages can be awarded repeatedly, and contract law--all areas of the law where punitive damages did not traditionally apply.  As a result, the number of awards has increased significantly. In my own State of California, between January 1, 1990, and December 31, 1994, there were 86 punitive damage jury verdicts in State courts that were equal to or greater than $1 million, out of several hundred cases, resulting totally in judgments of $1.7 billion. California has one of the largest number of punitive damages awards and size of awards in the Nation.  The Gorton substitute amendment, as modified by the Snowe amendment, I believe is the right approach. It retains punitive damages, which are a powerful tool for deterring conduct which society finds offensive and flagrant and, at the same time, ensures that more reasonable awards will be set.  Another area that has been of great concern are the provisions on joint and several liability. This provision in the bill is actually based on reforms enacted in California in 1986 by ballot initiative.  It neither appears reasonable nor fair to hold a defendant liable for more than their share of the fault just because they are the deep pocket or the only available party to be sued. The public policy has been that in selecting among parties to bear the burden, pick the deep pocket. I do not agree with that.  Again, I think the approach of the bill, as in California, is the fairest compromise, allowing for full economic compensation, but an apportioning of noneconomic losses among responsible parties in proportion to their level of fault.  I want to speak for a minute on biomaterials, which impacts the growing medical technology sector in my State. In April of last year, the New York Times reported that big chemical companies and other manufacturers of raw materials, used to make heart valves, artificial blood vessels, and other implants, began warning medical equipment companies that they intended to cut off deliveries because of fears of being joined in lawsuits.  In essence, many biomaterials suppliers simply will not provide their product to medical device manufacturers because such transactions involve low returns and a high risk of substantial losses.  Ms. Peggy Phillips, an attorney with a life-sustaining medical device, testified before a Commerce subcommittee and told me personally, of her own story. She suffers from sudden cardiac death syndrome--a disease where the patient's heart will unexpectedly stop beating for no apparent reason. As a result, Ms. Phillips had a life-saving device implanted in her body called an implantable defribillator. Essentially, it functions to shock her heart back to life and to maintain a constant heart beat.  This device and others like it, however, are in jeopardy, because, as Ms. Phillips noted, it does not make sense for biomaterial suppliers to continue providing those materials for device manufacturers.  She related a story of one supplier who spent $8 million annually defending itself in cases involving an implantable device even though that supplier had no role in the design, manufacture or sale of the device.  She noted that sales by all suppliers to the device ``totaled $418,000 while sales of this same raw material to all other markets totaled $282 million.''  The provisions of this bill, both preserve access to essential supplies and shorten the liability chain so that those who are truly responsible for the design, manufacture or sale of a product will be the party hauled into court to be held accountable.  The current State-by-State system of product liability is ever changing and filled with conflicting rules it presents, today, I believe, an unfair barrier to competition, and creates an unpredictability which is neither fair to business nor consumers because it translates into less development of new products and higher product costs for the consumer.  It is my hope that I will have an opportunity to vote on a narrow bill [[Page S6157]] which includes the provisions of this bill on which I have stated my support, but which does not include the Dole amendment crippling punitive damages in all civil actions.  