 I thank the Chair.  Mr. President, I rise to speak about the legislation before the Senate, S. 1322, a bill that essentially expresses the sense-of-Congress that Jerusalem should remain undivided and be the capital of Israel, and that it should be the site of the location of the United States Embassy at a date certain, namely May 1999.  Mr. President, many people have participated in this discussion. And I know Senator Lautenberg, with whom I have been working, wishes to speak. I want to thank the majority leader for working with those of us that have concerns on this legislation. I know that there are discussions ongoing.  Senators Lautenberg, Lieberman, Levin, and I just had a discussion. And I believe Senator Lieberman is going to talk with Senator Kyl and Senator Dole on what our conclusions are.  For the purposes of these comments, I would like to make some general comments about the intentions of this legislation. Let me state what I believe some basic truths to be.  The first basic truth is that the United States of America has an absolute right to place its Embassy in a capital city, any capital city. Clearly, Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. We need no one's permission to do so, and we need no piece of legislation to do so. This issue has been one that has percolated for a long, long time with a great deal of impatience on the part of many people who say, ``Why hasn't the Embassy been relocated to Jerusalem prior to this time?''  Having said that, we have another basic truth, and that is that Israel can survive long-term as a Jewish democratic state only if there is peace, if that peace is recognized and bought into by Israel's neighbors, and that there are safe and secure borders. Therefore, the peace process now ongoing is key and critical to the long-term survival of the State of Israel.  Jerusalem is many things to many people. All one has to do is spend some time there to see the Mount of Olives, the concept of the promised land, the Garden of Gethsemane, the home of more than 40 Christian denominations, the home of the Moslem religion, the home of the Armenian Patriarch, the Western Wall, a magical and mystical place, a source of religion throughout the world.  The only democracy in the Middle East rests within the State of Israel; and yet it has been the site of hatred, war, and conflict dating from the Crusades and even back before that time. So it is a difficult and complicated subject. However, I want to say this, that I, like most Americans, believe that the U.S. Embassy should be located in Jerusalem. But as this bill was originally presented, there were concerns about the bill.  Originally, the bill that was introduced had 62 Senators on it. This bill has 69 Senators. So there is a very strong bulwark of support for the bill.  Some concerns remain even about the new text of the bill. Chief among these concerns for all of us is what the Chief Executive of this Nation will do. Many of us believe that whatever the politics surrounding this bill, we can all agree that to have a divisive vote on an issue around which there has always been consensus and to go through the unpleasantness of a veto confrontation, even with a successful override vote, would not be to anyone's benefit. Most of all, going through that process would be to the detriment of Jerusalem and Israel, as doubts about the U.S. commitment on this issue would certainly emerge.  So for all those for whom Jerusalem is important and vital, I cannot imagine a more devastating outcome to the first legislation ever sent to a President mandating moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem than to have this legislation vetoed. For that reason, I think it is imperative that we try to address the concerns that exist about the bill. And we have tried to do that in conversations that have taken place on Friday and taken place today as well.  One of the administration's concerns is that the bill in its current form does not provide a degree of flexibility in the end date by which an Embassy must be established in Jerusalem. We are hopeful that waiver language can be agreed upon by all the parties concerned that would allow the President under certain key conditions, best defined as national security interests, to suspend any necessary provisions of this bill related to the timetable if there was a determination that it was in the national security interest to do so.  I suspect we can all agree that the President should, whenever possible, be granted this kind of flexibility. As a matter of fact, it is within his own constitutional responsibility to be able to do so.  One of my concerns, for example, is that the move of our Embassy could overlap with key events unfolding in the Middle East peace process. In the opinion of this Senator, and perhaps some others would agree, the conclusion of a comprehensive peace between Israel and its neighbors is in the national security interests of the United States.  The bill, in its current form, would require the new Embassy to be opened by May 31, 1999, regardless of what is happening in the peace process. May 1999 is, of course, also the deadline Israel and the Palestinians have set for themselves to complete final status talks and also the transition period. But we all know that despite good will on both sides and a series of important agreements, Israel and the Palestinians have missed virtually every deadline they have set during the course of the peace process.  First, the agreement on withdrawal from Gaza and Jericho, scheduled to be signed in December 1993 and implemented by April 1994, was signed and implemented in May 1994.  Second, Palestinian elections were supposed to take place in July 1994. They have not. Now the commitment is that they would take place prior to Ramadan, hopefully in January 1996, a year and a half later.  Third, for weeks leading up to the recent agreement on Israeli redeployment in the West Bank, the negotiators set numerous deadlines for themselves that went unmet.  With all of this background, can we accurately predict that a peace process will definitely conclude on May 4, 1999, as scheduled? Of course not. It is a difficult, fluid process, but it is working. The President should have the ability and the flexibility to postpone actions that might have an impact on the negotiations if they were taken at a sensitive moment in the talks. The waiver, we hope, will be forthcoming as a product of these discussions and would provide, we believe, that kind of flexibility.  Another purpose of a waiver amendment is to address the administration's constitutional concerns about this bill. The State Department has made it clear that they will recommend against the signature of a bill that they deem interferes with the constitutional prerogatives to conduct foreign policy. They have also indicated their strong objection to a specific date for location or establishment of the Embassy in Jerusalem.  Specifically, the President interprets this bill to infringe upon his constitutional prerogatives by forcing him to establish an Embassy by a specific date, at a specific location. But by providing a sufficient waiver, renewable, if need be, the President has the opportunity to temporarily delay implementation of section 3(b), the timetable under this bill, should he find that it harms the peace process, to the extent of violating what we hope will be in the waiver, national security interests.  There is no question that Congress and the executive branch frequently have differing interpretations of the constitutionality of particular statutes. I do not expect all of my colleagues to agree with every aspect of the President's interpretation. Indeed, there are aspects of his interpretation with which I disagree.  But, in the interest of allowing the administration's views to speak for themselves, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks a legal analysis of the earlier version, S. 770, prepared by the Justice Department, and a June 20, 1995 letter from the Secretary of State to the majority leader.  