 President, I rise today to offer an amendment that would provide additional funding to States to accommodate growth which may occur in their welfare caseloads.  Legislation which provides the basis for this amendment is included in the welfare reform bill already passed by the House of Representatives entitled H.R. 4, the Personal Responsibility Act.  Title 1 of that bill includes a supplemental grant to adjust for population increases. In the House version, the grant is $100 million annually for each of fiscal years 1997, 1998, 1999, and the year 2000.  In the Dole bill, the supplemental grant is $877 million over 5 years. The House supplemental grant is distributed to States based on each State's proportion of the total growth. However, the Dole bill handles this formula in a very complicated manner which only benefits 19 out of the 50 States.  Frankly, by providing zero funding for growth, it does in the State of California. I have got to make that very clear.  The amendment I am proposing today takes the same approach, as the legislation that passed the House of Representatives, with respect to growth, and would apply it to the Dole bill. California, which is projected to experience a significant growth in its poor population over the next 5 years, under the present draft of the Dole bill, would receive zero--zero.  There is no additional cost associated with this amendment. In fact, there is some reason to believe that this method of accommodating growth equitably and objectively among all States might result in some cost savings when compared to the underlying bill. In any event, the authorization of appropriations, for the supplemental grant for each of the fiscal years, remains the same as in the Dole bill, and distribution of the additional funds is capped by those amounts which total $877 million over 5 years.  I would add another point. All States will be held harmless under this legislation. That is to say, no State's grant will be reduced if the State experiences a decline in its poor population. But each and every State which experiences an increase in its poor population will receive a corresponding increase in its Federal grant to help them carry out the mandates of this legislation.  Let me briefly contrast this with the approach in the underlying bill. As I said, only 19 States, meet the definition for use of this money under the language of the Dole bill, and that is irrespective of their actual growth of in poor youngsters. And, it excludes many States that will experience growth in their caseloads.  Under the Dole bill, 19 States receive automatic additional funding, 2.5 percent of the fiscal year 1996 grant in each of the years 1997 to the year 2000 if, first, their State's welfare spending is less than the national average level of State spending and, second, population growth is greater than the average national population growth.  In addition, for reasons which are unclear, certain States are deemed as qualifying if their level of State welfare spending is less than 35 percent of the national average level of State welfare spending per poor person in fiscal year 1996. As I understand it, only two States qualify. Mississippi and Arkansas are the only two States that would qualify under that portion of the drafting.  This formula penalizes States which have traditionally had higher levels of State welfare spending. So, in other words, if you have been a high benefit State, you are actually penalized by the bill. And, it rewards States, irrespective of their projected, or actual, population growth or decline.  I must say I am astonished that many States which are projected to have significant increases in their poor populations do not meet the definition required by the Dole bill. It leads me to conclude that this supplemental grant is not necessarily to accommodate growth at all.  Federal taxpayers are being asked to spend almost $1 billion over 5 years in the name of growth. But, in fact, the result is that States which, until now, have spent less than the average in assisting the poor will now be subsidized. So, until now, they have not spent much, and, now, they are going to be subsidized by the taxpayers of all 50 States. What kind of a bill is that?  Let me take a moment to review for you what some of the benefit levels have been from some of the States who will be beneficiaries of this so-called growth fund. In Mississippi the maximum monthly AFDC benefit for one-parent families with two children has been $120. That is $120 in combined Federal-State AFDC grants. In Alabama, the combined maximum has been $164. In Texas, the maximum benefit has been $188. In Tennessee, $185. Louisiana, $190. Arkansas, $204. Kentucky, $228.  Let us look at one or two States with similar benefit levels. In Indiana, the monthly benefit is $288. In Missouri, it is $292. But even though these levels are similar to other States, they will receive nothing, zero, zip--nothing--to accommodate any increase in their poor populations. Why? Who would draw this kind of growth formula?  Let us look now at some high growth States. Let us see what they get--Washington, for example. While the Bureau of the Census projects a general population growth of almost 10 percent, the Dole bill provides zero funding for growth. Idaho is projected to experience a general increase in its population of almost 11 percent, Mr. President. Is it a growth State under the Dole bill? The answer is no. Finally, let us take a look at California, the most populous State in the Nation and one which is projected to grow by 6.25 percent over the next 5 years. It, too, receives no additional funds to meet the anticipated growth in caseload.  Clearly, the growth fund in the underlying bill is, as I have said, not a true growth fund. It is a fund for some other reason, but I do not think anyone in this body should call it a growth fund. I believe this is a fundamental flaw in the Dole bill, as compared to the House version of the welfare reform bill.  None of us in this body knows what the future holds for our States--whether it is economic recession in a rust belt State, regional downturn in a sunbelt State, natural disaster in any part of our country, or even Federal base closures. What we do know is there will be unanticipated regional economic conditions and corresponding fluctuations in the incidence of poverty. Any State is susceptible to these circumstances. This amendment, the amendment I am proposing, simply uses the same approach as in the House bill, applies it to the $877 million, and says that you receive additional funding for growth proportionate to your numbers published by the Bureau of the Census. If your poor population goes up, you will get the corresponding proportional share of that fund.  This, to me, is the fair way of doing it. No gimmicks, you use the census figures. If you are a growth State, you get extra funding to carry out the mandate. Frankly, most of the States, the overwhelming number of States, are projected to benefit, and also States with no growth, or actual declines in population, are held harmless. And, finally again, it costs no more money.  You will have proposals before you that use a little sleight of hand. Some will reduce the base funding level currently in the Dole bill and then add to it. This amendment does not alter the initial grant in the Dole bill. This takes the initial grant level, applies the poverty data supplied by the Bureau of the Census, and simply says, as the House in its wisdom did, that that data is used objectively to determine any additional funds which are provided to each and every State. So, Mr. President, your State would benefit from that. My State would benefit from that for sure. That is what this amendment does.  Let me conclude on this amendment by saying that this is not a matter of ``winners'' and ``losers.'' It is a matter of accuracy and fairness involving the distribution of Federal funds. I think it is very difficult for anyone to argue against that.  I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be temporarily set aside.  