  Mr. President, I would like to confine my remarks to four specific areas of concern. I have spoken on the Reid amendment twice before, and there are four specific areas that I want to discuss today.  The first is the committee report and its exemption of the everything-is-on-the-table concept.  The second is the floor discussion, centering around the concern that we are putting a statute into the Constitution.  The third area is the Dole figleaf amendment.  The fourth area is the point that Senator Graham, the Senator from Florida, just made in his comments about section 2 of the balanced budget amendment as presented to this body.  Let me begin with my first point, the committee report and the exemption of the everything-is-on-the-table concept in this committee report.  Last Thursday, I mentioned that on page 19 under the section marked ``Total Outlays'' of the Judiciary Committee report for this legislation, the language states that among the Federal programs that would not be covered by S.J. Res. 1 is the electric power program of the TVA.  And then in the course of our floor discussion, it became clear that not only was the Tennessee Valley Authority excluded, but the Bonneville Power Authority was excluded as well. In other words, the electric power programs of this Nation took a higher priority than did the Social Security of some 42 million Americans today.  As I began to take a look at the Bonneville Power Authority, the point was raised, ``Well, these are not quasi-Federal authorities,'' and I must dispute that. They are, in fact, quasi-Federal authorities.  I refer this body to the General Accounting Office report entitled ``Bonneville Power Administration, Borrowing Practices and Financial Condition,'' dated April 1994. The facts from this GAO report are as follows:  The Bonneville Power Authority's plan for fiscal years 1993 to 2001 relies on Treasury for about 90 percent of its borrowing, 76 percent from bonds and 14 percent from appropriated debt.  Second, the accessibility of low-interest Treasury financing plays a substantial role in Bonneville Power Authority's approach to financing capital projects.  Third, Bonneville Power Authority is more heavily leveraged than other utilities.  [[Page S2550]] Fourth, the Bonneville Power Authority faces significant operating and financial risks because of its heavy reliance on borrowing, recent operating losses, and various uncertainties.  Fifth, the Bonneville Power Authority's long-term debt in fiscal year 1991 was equal to 96 percent of its total assets, while the figures for public utilities, investor-owned utilities, and the Tennessee Valley Authority were 67 percent, 37 percent, and 79 percent, respectively.  And finally, Bonneville Authority's projected debt for fiscal year 2001 is $17.9 billion.  It was said on the floor that, if the Bonneville Power Authority got into trouble, this body would then have to consider whether we are going to pick up its debt or not. However, this Government would have no choice but to bail it out because the Bonneville Power Authority depends on the Treasury for 90 percent of its borrowing.  The point I am trying to make is that we are excluding a heavily leveraged power authority from the balanced budget amendment, but we are not excluding Social Security.  To me, that is a mistaken list of priorities.  I was also told on Thursday that I would receive a list of the other items that are excluded from the balanced budget amendment. I have not received such a list, but it is clear that everything is not on the table in the balanced budget amendment as has hitherto been reported.  I must assume that if the wording on page 19 of this report says, ``Among the Federal programs that would not be covered by Senate Joint Resolution 1 is the electric power program of the TVA authority,'' that there are also other programs excluded from the balanced budget amendment.  Now, I do not know whether the progams excluded are some Senators' pet programs, or some House Members' pet programs, or a group's pet programs, or this body's pet programs. But the point I wish to make is it is clear, crystal clear, in black and white, that programs are excluded from the balanced budget amendment. Not ``everything,'' as the distinguished Senator from Illinois says, is on the table.  This report indicates to me that everything is not on the table. I think those of us who are concerned about Social Security have a right to know what other programs are being excluded from the balanced budget amendment that we are not being told about.  Let me go on to my second point. The floor discussion that has just taken place, in essence, says that we should not put a statute in the Constitution. There is a certain iambic pentameter to the amendments of the Constitution of the United States that would not lend itself to anything as crass as protecting old age survivors and benefits trust fund moneys and that it should not be in the Constitution of the United States.  And then, second, the concern is expressed, well, if it is written into the Constitution of the United States, there are sure to come a large number of statutes.  Well, that is correct. However, let us take a look at the 14th amendment to the Constitution of the United States, a very major amendment to the Constitution, an amendment which guarantees civil rights. There are 20 volumes of statutes defining this amendment, and they are right here--20 volumes of the United States Code Annotated. It goes on and on, statute after statute, that has flowed from the passage of the 14th amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  That is well and as it should be because constitutional amendments need enabling action. That constitutional amendment, in fact, even says that there will be enabling legislation. So, frankly, that argument does not hold much water with me.  Let me go on to point No. 3, the Dole figleaf amendment. One of the things that is most disturbing to me about this debate is that the Senate must do just what the House has done. Suddenly we are the second-rate body. Just because the House of Representatives has passed an amendment, we must pass an identical amendment. There cannot be a conference committee to remedy differences.  Suddenly, the highest policymaking body in the United States of America is relegated to an also-ran body. We must do things just as the House of Representatives has done.  I do not accept that argument, Mr. President. People have often said that the House of Representatives and the Senate are like a cup of coffee and a saucer. The House is the cup of coffee, and you drink the coffee out of the cup. The Senate is the saucer into which you pour the coffee to cool it, and to discuss it, and to have it stand the test of time.  If this, in fact, is true, there is ultimate precedent for the Senate to take another course and to fashion its own balanced budget amendment recognizing the concerns of tens of millions of young Americans who are paying FICA taxes today to save funds for retirements tomorrow. These funds may not be available for their retirements.  Now, the Dole amendment. Why is it a figleaf? Why is it a figleaf that does not even cover the parts that a figleaf would normally cover?  Let me try to explain. The Congressional Research Service in an opinion dated February 6 very clearly states that if the amendment is ratified as drafted, Congress would be without the authority to exclude the Social Security trust funds from the calculations of total receipts and outlays under section 1 of the amendment.  The figleaf simply stated that we refer this to the Budget Committee, and we say, ``Budget Committee, at your leisure consider this and present back to the Senate at some later time how to achieve a balanced budget without increasing the receipts or reducing the disbursements of the Federal Old Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Trust Fund to achieve that goal.'' It is whole cloth. It will not make any difference because this esteemed body, number one in the United States of America, would have passed an amendment which enshrines language into the Constitution of the United States that the Dole figleaf is absolutely unable to amend or change in any way. And yet we did it because the House of Representatives did it.  So what passes the House of Representatives is good, and we then must be in lockstep and also pass?  I do not believe that is right. I do not believe that is why the people of the United States elected people to the Senate, to say OK, you say jump and we will say just how high?  We have our own minds, our own voices, our own constituencies that reach deep across the United States of America and involve entire States.  I do not believe that the working men and women of this country are well served if we impose, as this body and the other body have, a FICA tax to pay for their retirements and then we take those moneys and use them to balance the budget. That is wrong. It is dishonest. It masks the debt. It betrays people. And it violates a compulsory tax act which every one must pay.  If we are going to misuse these FICA taxes, then we ought to cut the FICA tax. If we are going to run surpluses in Social Security of more than $700 billion between now and 2002, then we should save them, not use them to finance the deficit and to balance the budget. That is what we who support the Reid amendment say is wrong, is dishonest, and should not be done.  I would also like to point out that the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare, representing 6 million Americans, has written stating that clearly this is the case.  I will once again have that letter of February 1 printed in the Record, if I may, Mr. President. The Dole amendment, or S. 290, which was at the desk prior to the Dole amendment, are really only fig leaves; they cannot countermand a balanced budget amendment.  