  Mr. President, I have really come full circle on the question of whether or not to send U.S. troops to Bosnia to try to keep the peace. I must say I was initially very skeptical. I believed that you could not keep a peace that the people in Bosnia do not want kept. And in the earlier meetings of the Foreign Relations Committee I was not convinced by the arguments presented by Secretaries Christopher and Perry and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  But as events have developed, I have come to the conclusion, after attending every classified briefing and every Foreign Relations Committee meeting, that the President's policy is the only way to stop this war and prevent its spread. I believe there is far greater risk in doing nothing and seeing the spread of this war than there is in doing something and trying to bring about a just peace.  The Dayton peace agreement would not have been reached without U.S. leadership, and it will not be successfully implemented without our leadership either.  I have also become deeply convinced that the United States has a moral mission here, that the cause is noble and the cause is just. Today one-half of the people of Bosnia are either dead or homeless. Rape has become an instrument of war. Atrocities have been committed that have not been seen since World War II. This must end. People have had enough of war.  The United States is being asked essentially to provide one-third of the peacekeeping forces. The other day I was visited by the new British Ambassador. He pointed out to me that Great Britain is going to provide 16,000 troops, a nation far smaller than ours; 13,000 in Bosnia itself and 3,000 in Hungary and Austria.  He also said, ``Know this. If the United States goes, we go, too. We in Great Britain and in Europe look at you as the leader of NATO.'' If NATO is to function, the United States must lead and perform. And I believe that is essentially the way it is today, whether we like it or not.  At our most recent Foreign Relations Committee hearing on December 1, I was deeply impressed with the arguments put forward by Secretary Christopher, Secretary Perry, and General Shalikashvili. They laid out not only the rationale for our involvement but a clear and well-defined plan for carrying out our mission.  Some of the opponents of this policy are making the argument that they oppose the policy but they support the troops to carry it out. In fact, the Hutchison resolution that we will be voting on shortly says exactly that. But as I listened to these arguments, I must say that to me they strike me as a figleaf at best and disingenuous at worst.   We all support our troops. That goes without saying. But what message do we send to our troops if we send them off to do a job and in the same breath declare that the job that they are doing is illegitimate? How can you say, ``I condemn the mission you are being sent to do, but I support you in doing it''? Will our troops really believe they have our support if this is what the Congress of the United States says?  Some have raised the specter of a repeat of Vietnam in Bosnia, but the real repetition of Vietnam would be to send United States troops to carry out a mission without supporting that mission. Some of my colleagues have asked: ``Does anyone believe we are really going to stand by our young men and women that we are going to send to Bosnia?'' Well, I certainly am, the President is, the full force of the United States military is, and I believe that the Senate will in the long run as well.  In my view, the Hutchison resolution undercuts the troops. It says it supports the troops, but it is designed to give the President a back door to pull the rug out from under them. Instead of giving lukewarm support to the troops by questioning the wisdom of their job, we should unify behind the policy and commit to giving our troops every advantage, all the equipment and all the support they need to carry out the mission successfully.  We cannot have it both ways. If we support the troops, we should support the policy.  I have had an opportunity to review the Dole-McCain resolution, and I support it and I support it strongly. I would like to set aside some of the myths that I think have been raised by those who are opposed to it.  The first is the myth of the intractable nature of the conflict. There are some who appear to have bought into the argument of ultranationalists on all sides. Yes, there have been wars for hundreds of years in the Balkans, but there has been a history of war and brutal atrocities in Britain, in France, in Germany. Today these nations are at peace.  As the distinguished Senator from Ohio pointed out yesterday, we had Prime Minister Shimon Peres on the floor of the House yesterday speaking about the long history of violence in the Middle East. That goes back to the Crusades, and even beyond. Conflict has been endemic to the Middle East for centuries, but today peace is beginning to take hold.  What about Northern Ireland? That conflict has gone on for a long time as well. But I do not think anyone here would suggest that the Middle East or Northern Ireland are beyond help and doomed to an eternity of conflict, and I do not think we should come to the conclusion that the only way of life in Bosnia is a way of death and atrocities and the spread of the war.  The fact is that there is now an opportunity for peace, perhaps the only opportunity that we will have. If we fail to take this opportunity, this war will surely spread to Kosovo, to Macedonia. It then involves two NATO allies-- Greece and Turkey--and then it involves the rest of Europe, and Europe has always been a vital interest to the United States. Our men and women have fought two wars on the European Continent because of that interest.  There is also the myth that there is no clear and defined mission, and I would like to debunk that.  Some of my colleagues have complained that this operation is not clear, and that it is not achievable. But if you listen to the President, to Secretary Christopher, to Secretary Perry, to General Shalikashvili, to General Joulwan, and to others in our military, it is clear that this mission, in fact, is clearly defined. As a matter of fact, General Joulwan said yesterday he should know within the first 3 months whether the mission can succeed or not.  There is a clear exit strategy. Our troops are not being asked to go to Bosnia to engage in all sorts of nationbuilding activities. The military mission and the goals are explicit, and they are limited. We will not be engaged in civilian policing. We will not be engaged in refugee resettlement. We will not be engaged in civilian reconstruction. We will not be engaged in election monitoring.  The President and NATO leaders have been quite clear. Our forces in Bosnia will monitor the military aspects of the peace agreement, the cessation of hostilities, the withdrawal of forces to their respective territories, and the lines of demarcation. They will monitor the redeployment of forces and heavy weapons to designated areas and the establishment of zones of separation. That is the mission.  I want to speak about the one part of the Dole-McCain joint resolution that does concern me, and that is the part that appears on page 4 and speaks to the balance of power. A major portion of this effort is to see that when the United States pulls out in approximately 1 year, there is a defensive balance of power so that the Bosnians, if need be, can defend themselves. This can be a deterrent to future wars if it is carried out correctly. However, it cannot become the launching point for radical Islamic fundamentalism on the European Continent, and I want to stress that.  The Dole-McCain resolution very clearly describes periodic reports on the armaments provided to the Bosnians that the President will make to this Congress, and I think that is extremely important. I think every Member of this body should be militant in seeing that destabilizing weapons do not go into this area and that the balance of power that is achieved is a defensive balance of power. I think that is extraordinarily important, and I think it has to be clearly stated.  There is another myth about the lack of U.S. interests in the region. People have said, ``You know, many of our citizens can't recognize Bosnia on a map. We don't want to send our people there. They may die. We have no major national interest in the area.'' And I thought this originally. But I believe the United States does have an interest in a safe, secure, and stable Europe. The United States does have an interest in assuring that this conflict does not spread and become the third general European war of this century.  The United States does have an interest in supporting our NATO allies and assuring that NATO can continue in its role guaranteeing European security.  Because of World War II and because of the threat of Communist aggression from the Soviet Union, the NATO alliance was set up to provide peace and stability for the NATO nations, and this Nation has always been in the leadership of that effort. We have made the commitment to it throughout the years, and the reason we have done so is because of the failure of Europe in World War I to protect itself, in World War II to protect itself, and, I am sorry to say, that same failure we see there today. You see, very few strong European leaders are willing to come forward and say, ``We will tackle this job alone because it's on our back door.''  Now, we can be repelled by this, we can be reviled by it, we can view it with dismay and with some shock, but it is the real world out there, and, therefore, this is where the credibility of the NATO alliance comes in. The United States is critical to the success and survival of the NATO alliance.  As the British Ambassador said to me 2 days ago, ``We will be there as long as the United States is. If the United States leaves, Great Britain leaves.'' Period. The end. That, to me, spoke volumes of the importance of U.S. leadership. There was no European country that could effect the peace. It took the United States of America to effect the peace. So I believe we have an interest in reaffirming our own position as the global leader of the free world and protecting that leadership and that freedom.  I believe the United States has a moral interest in ending crimes against humanity. I, myself, could have been born in Eastern Europe, in Poland. I would never have been privileged to have a good life had that been the case. Well, the same circumstances are present today in Bosnia. I remember all during the 1940's, when people were saying, ``How could we not have responded?'' ``How could we not have known?'' ``How did we not know that these boxcars were traveling throughout Europe and turn a deaf ear to what was happening?''  It is moral. It is just. It is noble. We are not asked to fight a war. We are asked to give peace a chance.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  