 President, I also would like to correct the record,  [[Page S3575]] and so I rise today to set it straight. I am reacting to the fact again that the Senator from Mississippi submitted a portion of my floor statement from balanced budget debate last year and incorrectly described the context of my remarks, and I would like to put those remarks in context.  The Senator claims in the Congressional Record that the statement was made in response to the balanced budget amendment as submitted by Senators Simon and Hatch. In fact, there were two proposals last year on the balanced budget amendment. The statement that is attributed to me was made in reaction and in support of the balanced budget amendment proposed by Senator Reid, which would have protected the Social Security trust fund. I would like to put the statement submitted by the Senator from Mississippi in context by briefly reading a couple of paragraphs from my floor speech made on February 24, 1994.       I am here to speak on behalf of the Reid amendment. I      believe it is improved over the Simon amendment. This      amendment would protect Social Security. I do not believe      that the trust fund should be used to balance the budget. It      would allow the creation of a capital budget (that is this      amendment), just as many cities and States do now. It would      allow flexibility in times of recession. And it would keep      the courts from mandating actions that are legislative      prerogatives.       These changes make this amendment a much more workable      balanced budget amendment.       There are many in this body who believe that amending the      Constitution is very strong medicine, perhaps too strong. I      have listened very carefully to those arguments. But I have      come to the conclusion that without the strong medicine the      patient is not going to heal.       People have said to me: You come from California and you      supported an amendment for earthquake disaster relief that      was off budget.       Yes, I did. Disaster relief for floods was off budget.      Disaster relief for Hurricane Iniki was off budget. Disaster      relief for Hurricane Andrew was off budget. So why should      California be treated any differently? That is why we need an      amendment to make everyone play by the same rules.       I think this is the heart of the matter. If people believe      that under our present way of doing business we can balance      this budget, then they should vote against a balanced budget      amendment.  This is the part that I was quoted in.       If in their heart of hearts they believe we are not going      to be able to balance the budget under the current process,      then I believe they should support the balanced budget      amendment. At least that is the conclusion to which I have      come. Without a constitutional amendment, a balanced budget      just is not going to be achieved.  That is the context of my remarks, out of which one paragraph was taken and attributed to my not being concerned about Social Security last year. I submit this as proof that I was concerned about Social Security last year. This year I presented a substitute amendment which was the balanced budget amendment with Social Security excluded, and it lost before this body.  If I might just quickly restate my views, because I believe it is important. Let me speak as someone who does believe in a balanced budget amendment. It may not be the same identical one you believe in, Mr. President, but then that is why we are legislators, to legislate, hear the ebb and flow of debate, make up our minds, and improve legislation. I quite genuinely believe, and I think the figures will corroborate, that we can take Social Security off budget, create a capital budget--as the city of which I was mayor does, as the State of California does, as more than 40 other States do--and actually, by so doing, have less trouble balancing the budget by the year 2002 than we would if the present balanced budget amendment passed.  Now, perhaps the Federal Government is so far removed from States or cities that they cannot countenance financing large items of capital like aircraft carriers, at $1 billion per, through a capital budget, but I think we can. I think there is room for people to have different views about a balanced budget amendment. And I hope that, as others state our views, that they would do so correctly.  I have heard many Members supporting a balanced budget amendment say--and heard one on tape just a half-hour ago--``We have no intentions of using Social Security to balance the budget.'' That is wrong. Social Security's revenues would be used in the balanced budget amendment recently voted on to balance the budget.  Why do I believe that Social Security is as important a contract with America as the revisionist Contract With America? The reason I believe it is because for years people have been paying FICA taxes with the assurance that those taxes are not used for budget purposes, they are used for their retirement. That is a contract with America. You pay 6.2 percent of your salary, your employer matches it, the Federal Government holds that and invests it in Treasury bills, and you get it back as you retire.  I believe that obligation ought to be kept intact. If we find we cannot keep the obligation intact because more people are retiring and not enough are earning, then the system needs adjustment. And I am the first one to say that. Or the money is not going to be there, do not make young working people with young families pay the FICA tax today. Do the honest thing and cancel the FICA tax.  So I think there are very major and legitimate public policy questions at play in this balanced budget amendment and I hope that the mentality that I have been surprised to see in the last week--which is almost the mentality that anyone who dares disagree with the great pundits and proponents of the balanced budget amendment is not quite as good an American and does not have the right to disagree--would cease. I think that makes a mockery out of the public policy debates of the No. 1 one public policy forum of the United States, the U.S. Senate.  I believe we have a right to listen to debate. I believe we have a right to try to forge a better amendment. And I think taking Social Security out of the balanced budget amendment does in fact make it a better amendment and there is a way to compensate for the loss and that is by doing something that most States and every big city in this Nation does, which is fund their major capital improvements through a capital budget.  Mr. President, I thank you for the opportunity and I yield the floor.  