 President, 2 years and 6 days ago, on September 13, 1993, my colleagues and I were privileged to witness an historic moment on the White House lawn: the signing of the Israeli-Palestinian Declaration of Principles.  Last week, on behalf of myself, Senator Brown, Senator Lieberman, and Senator Pell I submitted S. Res. 171, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on this important anniversary.  Today, I am pleased to welcome this resolution's adoption by the full Senate. This is an important demonstration of the Senate's continued support for the Middle East peace process, and a note of encouragement to those working to bring it to a successful conclusion.  From time to time, it is worth taking a moment to recognize the remarkable progress that has been achieved in the Middle East in such a short time. The Middle East has changed so much in the last 4 years that we often take the changes for granted. But reviewing the changes makes us realize that we are witnessing a true transformation in the region.  Think of it:  Four years ago, before the Madrid Conference in October 1991, Israel had never sat face-to-face in peace talks with most of its Arab neighbors. Today, meetings between Israeli and Arab officials--from Israel's immediate neighbors, from the Persian Gulf States, and from North Africa--are so routine and so numerous that they scarcely receive mention in the news media.  Just over 2 years ago, Israeli and Palestinian negotiators remained locked in a fruitless stalemate, and direct talks between Israel and the PLO were deemed impossible. Today, there is Palestinian self-rule in Gaza and Jericho, Israel and the Palestinian Authority are on the verge of reaching an agreement on Palestinian elections and further Israeli troop redeployments in the West Bank, and handshakes between Israeli and PLO leaders are commonplace.  Just over 1 year ago, Israel and Jordan remained officially in a state of war. Today, thanks to the courage and leadership of King Hussein and Prime Minister Rabin, Israel and Jordan have signed a full peace treaty, enjoy full diplomatic relations, and are continually expanding their cooperation in security, economic development, tourism, the environment, and many other areas.  Mr. President, no one would deny that peace has not yet been secured in the Middle East. Much, much work remains to be done. Although the Israeli-Syrian negotiations have at times showed promise, with senior Israeli and Syrian military officers holding substantive talks on the security arrangements that must accompany an agreement, these talks currently seem caught in a stalemate. Clearly, many hard rounds of negotiations remain.  Israel's talks with Lebanon are essentially on hold until there is an Israeli-Syrian deal. Israel and the Palestinians must continue to overcome obstacles to the implementation of their agreements, and their negotiations will get no easier once final status talks begin next year.  In addition, the peacemakers of the Middle East face continual opposition from those who would use terrorism to upset the peace process. We were reminded of this once again on August 21 when a suicide bomber blew up a bus in Jerusalem, killing five Israeli civilians. Like the suicide bombings that preceded it, this was a heinous and unforgivable act of terrorism.  All who are committed to peace must do everything in their power to prevent acts of terrorism. Nowhere is this more true than in the areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority. While the performance of Chairman Arafat's Authority in security matters has improved with time, it must do even more to prevent and punish all terrorist acts. Suicide bombers and other extremists must not be allowed to succeed in their goal preventing the arrival of peace.  But, the obstacles and the hard work ahead do not change the fact that real peace in the Middle East is today genuinely within reach, as it never has been before. The long-held dream of Israelis to live in peace with all their neighbors, in secure borders, is now a real possibility.  To bring this process to a successful conclusion, the parties themselves must make all the difficult decisions. But the support of the United States has always been essential to Middle East peacemaking, and it remains so today.  Presidents Bush and Clinton, and Secretaries of State Baker and Christopher, deserve enormous credit for their unyielding commitment to pursuing a comprehensive peace in the Middle East, and their efforts have earned them the respect and gratitude of parties throughout the region.  The Congress has also been consistent in its strong support of all efforts to advance the peace process, and expressions of that support help bolster the parties in their efforts. One recent expression of that support was the introduction of S. 1064, the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act of 1995, which I was proud to cosponsor along with Senators Helms, Pell, Dole, Daschle, Mack, Lieberman, McConnell, Leahy, and Lautenberg. This bill would allow the President to continue to provide assistance to the Palestinians and to conduct relations with the PLO, but it includes strict new language mandating compliance by the PLO and the Palestinian Authority with all of their commitments. This bill is now part of the Foreign Operations Appropriations Act, which will be considered by the full Senate shortly.  This past weekend, Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat met to try to finalize the agreement on the second phase of the Declaration of Principles. While substantial agreements have been reached on Palestinian elections, the redeployment of Israeli troops, and the expansion of Palestinian self-rule in the West Bank, differences remain over security arrangements in Hebron and the distribution of water resources. Both sides reiterated their commitment to return to the negotiating table to complete this phase at the earliest possible date.  In adopting this resolution today, the Senate lends encouragement to Israel and the Palestinians as they seek to finalize the second phase of the Declaration of Principles. In doing so, we also mark an important milestone on the long road to peace between Israel and the Palestinians. As we take note of these achievements, let us also reiterate once again that the successful conclusion of a comprehensive peace in the Middle East is in the United States' national interest, and that we in the U.S. Senate stand firmly behind all those who are committed to achieving that peace.  