  Mr. President, I rise in support of the committee amendment and in opposition to the motion to table. The reason I do so is because it is my belief, Mr. President, that the motion to table is a first step of a long march to remove a woman's right to choose. The Federal Employees Health Benefits Program is a network of plans that has been estimated to cover about 9 million people: Federal employees, retirees, and their dependents. About 44 percent of these people are women. According to estimates, about 1.2 million of these women are of reproductive age.  So, if we accept the motion to table, we are saying to 1.2 million women, no matter what your circumstances are, ``We, the U.S. Senate, know more about your circumstances than you do, more about your circumstances than your doctor knows.'' If successful, I believe there will be another, and then another attack against a woman's right to choose. If those backing this motion have their way, politicians will once again govern a woman's reproductive system. And that will take us back to the days I remember well, the days of the back-alley abortion.  A woman, regardless of her religious beliefs, regardless of her doctor's advice, will be governed by the advice, the will, the law of the U.S. Senate. It does not seem to matter to people that women often find themselves confronted by a myriad of circumstances. It does not happen to matter that if a woman is raped leaving the Hart, the Russell, or the Dirksen Senate Office Building one night, we are prepared to say that she will be forced to carry a resulting pregnancy to term. No matter what the circumstance, no matter how terrible, no matter how traumatic, if she is a Federal employee, she is on her own if she needs an abortion.  It is ironic to me that many of the same legislators who opposed national health care reform because they claimed it interfered with a woman's ability or a person's ability to choose their own insurance coverage and health care are the same Members who will vote to deny Federal employees the ability to choose abortion coverage in their insurance plans.  These same people who have long advocated that Government get off the backs of the people are willing to put Government right back on when it comes to a very personal decision about abortion.  Our Constitution, the highest law of the land, provides privacy rights for a woman to be able to make this basic decision in consultation with a doctor, if she chooses, and basically to control her own reproductive system. And that is what this is really all about.  This motion would declare that Federal female employees are second-class citizens. Although women pay for a percentage of their health care plan, no health care plan would be able to contain reproductive planning services if the Federal Government pays any portion of that plan. She is a second-class citizen because, in fact, two-thirds of all private health care plans do cover abortion and 70 percent of all health maintenance organizations, what we call HMO's, do offer a full range of health care services, including abortion.  So if a woman works in the private sector, she has access to these plans. If the motion to table were successful, if a woman works for the Federal Government, she would not have access. As a result, she becomes a second-class citizen.  So I believe the issue here is very simple. It is the first step in the long march to say who controls a woman's reproductive system. Is it the Congress of the United States or is it the woman, her beliefs, and her doctor? I am one, frankly, who believes we have many more serious problems to tackle than this one. And I am one, frankly, who is really very shocked to see in this day and age when the state of the art of health insurance plans is to offer reproductive family planning services, including abortion, that the Congress of the United States is willing to take this choice away from 1.2 million women who happen to be Federal employees. And the fact of the matter is, the woman who is denied the right to choose is the lowest paid woman.  I thank the Chair. I yield the time----  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DeWine). The time has expired.  