 President, I rise today in support of the Levin-Exon-Bingaman-Glenn amendment, to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996, to strike provisions of the bill which would directly lead to our violation of the ABM treaty. This treaty is vital to American national security.  The Missile Defense Act would lead to violations of the ABM Treaty in two crucial ways.  First, it would establish a deployment plan for a national missile defense. If a national ballistic missile defense were deployed, it would blatantly violate the treaty.  Second, before any national missile defense system can be deployed, it must be tested. Fully testing this type of system would violate the ABM Treaty.  The ABM Treaty is the diplomatic foundation of our intercontinental ballistic missile reduction strategy. It was possible to negotiate and ratify the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty or START, which is currently being implemented, and negotiate START II, which awaits ratification by this Senate and the Russian Duma because of the strategic groundwork laid in the ABM Treaty. Abandoning or violating the ABM Treaty would threaten the strategic ballistic missile reductions under these two treaties which, when implemented, would verifiably eliminate the intercontinental ballistic missiles carrying two-thirds of Russia's nuclear warheads.  Further, abandoning our treaty obligations jeopardizes our future relationship with Russia. The Reagan, Bush and Clinton administrations have worked hard to not only strengthen the strategic relationship between our nations, but economic, cultural, and diplomatic relationships as well. We have achieved measurable strategic reductions because of the foundation of trust the ABM Treaty provides. To jeopardize this trust, especially while START II waits precariously for ratification, is simply unwise. If the ABM Treaty is abandoned, the casualty may very well be the future of nuclear arms reductions with Russia.  While it is true that the ABM Treaty was ratified at the height of the cold war and that its outlook is bipolar in nature, the fact remains that the greatest ballistic missile threat to the United States is still located in Russia and the states of the former Soviet Union. The ABM Treaty gives a sense of security to the Russian government which allows them to move forward toward reducing their stockpiles of nuclear weapons under both START and START II.  Even the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Shalikashvili, has felt it necessary to declare that United States abandonment of the ABM Treaty could harm both the prospects for START II ratification by the Duma and our broader security relationship with Russia. In addition, abandonment of the treaty could threaten the continued dismantlement of nuclear weapons under START. Again, if we abandon our commitments under the ABM Treaty, we stand to lose the verified elimination of thousands of nuclear missiles currently aimed at the U.S. Our national security priority should be to greatly reduce this ICBM threat.  My support of the ABM Treaty does not negate my willingness to see a national ballistic missile defense system studied. We should continue our research and development programs for a national ballistic missile defense system and should always look toward our future defense needs.  Turning to the issue of theater missile defense, I also believe deeply that we must develop and deploy this type of system which does not violate the ABM Treaty. Development and deployment of this type of system is technologically feasible and is permissible under the ABM Treaty. Most of the theater ballistic missile defense systems currently in development and being tested are ABM Treaty compliant. In fact, the joint summit statement from the May Clinton/Yeltsin Summit delineates a set of principles that provides that both sides can deploy effective theater ballistic missile defense systems within the framework of the ABM Treaty.  Because theater ballistic missile defense is entirely possible under the ABM Treaty, is it not the better path to both maintain the ABM Treaty thus protecting the elimination of thousands of intercontinental ballistic missiles under START and START II and to develop and deploy a theater ballistic missile defense system that could both protect future theater ballistic missile threats to American shores and current theater ballistic missile threats to American and Allied troops overseas?  Let us continue our research and development programs for a national ballistic missile defense, let us continue to develop and work to deploy a theater ballistic missile defense, but let us oppose abandoning the ABM Treaty and thus lose our opportunity to eliminate thousands of Russia's intercontinental ballistic missiles.  It is in our national security interest to continue to support the ABM Treaty until the great threat of Russian ICBMs aimed at the United States is substantially reduced under START and START II. Until this important process is completed, let us work to deploy a theater missile defense system and continue our research towards the development of national ballistic missile defense system.  