 President, I rise in support of the substitute amendment being offered by the senior Senator from Missouri [Mr. Bond], to the Bumpers amendment. I was pleased to work with my colleagues and the administration in helping draft this important amendment.  I support Senator Bumpers' efforts to block the export of Russian nuclear reactors to Iran. However, the amendment misses the target. It threatens to jeopardize a program of great importance to the United States and other Western countries--the international space station--and it penalizes the Russian Space Agency as opposed to the bad actors in Russia: the Ministry of Atomic Energy, or MINATOM.  The Bumpers amendment would withhold funding for the first stage of the international space station program--the space shuttle-MIR cooperative effort--until the President certifies to Congress that Russia has agreed not to sell nuclear reactor components to Iran.  As many of my colleagues know, the space shuttle-MIR Cooperative effort is a prelude to implementation of the space station program. It consists of seven shuttle flights to the Russian MIR space station that will reduce technical and scientific risks to the assembly and operation of the international space station. In addition, it consists of U.S. participation in the MIR program. Earlier this month, United States astronaut Norm Thagard was launched on a Russian spacecraft to the MIR space station to perform science investigations. Thagard will be aboard MIR for more than 90 days.  The Bumpers amendment, if enacted into law, would put an end to the shuttle-MIR cooperative effort and essentially kill the international space station, a program that, according to NASA, is proceeding smoothly and meeting all cost, technical, and schedule milestones. This amendment would also impact our other international partners in the space station program--Europe, Japan, and Canada--who have already contributed over $8.5 billion to the program.  While I cannot support Senator Bumpers's amendment because of its impact on the space station program, I, too, am concerned about the Russian export of nuclear reactors to Iran. That is why I am supporting the substitute amendment being offered by Senator Bond, myself, and others. Instead of punishing the Russian Space Agency--who, by the way, has been cooperating with our efforts to halt the proliferation of missile technology around the world--the substitute amendment would target the bad actors in Russia, MINATOM, the organization that signed the nuclear deal and will actually export the reactors to Iran.  While protecting important programs that the United States has with MINATOM--such as the material protection control and counting program, as well as the high enriched uranium contract--the substitute amendment would block any agreement under section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act. A 123 agreement is of great interest to MINATOM because it would give Russia's atomic energy agency broad access to United States nuclear technology and equipment, such as reactors, nuclear fuel, and major components for reactors. A 123 agreement would permit MINATOM to modernize its nuclear reactor program, thus making it more competitive internationally.  [[Page S4016]] This substitute amendment hits the Russian atomic energy agency where it hurts. MINATOM wants a 123 agreement. In fact, it recently submitted a detailed proposal for such an agreement to the U.S. Department of Energy, where it is currently pending.  I also believe that by targeting MINATOM instead of the Russian Space Agency, this substitute amendment will have greater influence over Russia's proposed sale of nuclear reactors to Iran. As the Congressional Research Service points out, MINATOM has a:       * * * tendency to pursue policies independent of President      Yeltsin's stated positions. Many officials suspect that      MINATOM is more concerned about making money than about      controlling nuclear materials * * *. Many view MINATOM as a      largely independent, self-interested bureaucracy.By targeting MINATOM directly, the United States will have greater leverage in trying to block the Russian export. The lack of a 123 agreement could force MINATOM to reconsider the Iranian nuclear reactor deal.  Senator Bumpers is right that we must do everything practical to stop Iran from becoming a nuclear-capable nation.  Iran is a supporter of state-sponsored terrorism and funnels money to Islamic fundamentalist terrorist groups such as Hezbolah;  Secretary of State Warren Christopher said that Iran is on a crash program to acquire nuclear weapons; and  Though the International Atomic Energy Agency [IAEA] has found no evidence of a nuclear weapons program in Iran, our intelligence agencies believe that Iran is actively pursuing such a program and, according to press reports, is 6 to 8 years away from having a bomb.  A nuclear-capable Iran is a very real threat to the United States and the entire world. Even though the proposed Russian export of nuclear reactors to Iran is allowed within the context of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty [NPT], and even though the reactors are light-water reactors, I believe that Iran is a reckless country that cannot be trusted with any type of nuclear technology.  The Bond-Feinstein substitute amendment targets the bad actors in Russia that are proceeding with the export of nuclear reactors to Iran. I believe that this amendment will have a much greater influence on the Russians and will do more to encourage MINATOM not to export the nuclear reactors to Iran. In addition, this substitute amendment will not jeopardize a program that is important to California and the entire Nation--the international space station.  I urge my colleagues to support the substitute amendment.  