 President, our flag is recognized as unique, not only in the hearts and minds of Americans, but in our laws and customs as well. No other emblem or symbol in our Nation carries with it such a specific code of conduct and protocol in its display and handling.  Here are just a few sections of the Federal law:       The United States flag should never be displayed with the      Union down, except as a signal of dire distress or in      instances of extreme danger to life or property.       The United States flag should never touch anything beneath      it--ground, floor, water or merchandise.       The United States flag should never be dipped to any person      or thing.       The United States flag should never be carried      horizontally, but it should always be carried aloft and free.  Why then, should it be permissible conduct to urinate on, to defecate on, or to burn the flag? That is not my definition of free speech.  Until the Supreme Court's decision in Texas versus Johnson in 1990, 48 of 50 States had laws preventing the burning or defacing of our Nation's flag.  I do not take amending the Constitution lightly. However, when the Supreme Court issued the Johnson decision and then the Eichman decision, those who wanted to protect the flag were forced to find an alternative path.  The Nation's flag is a revered object as well as a symbol. I believe that it should be viewed as such--as a revered national object, not simply as one of many vehicles for free speech.  Everything about the flag in its tangible form, in its very fabric, has significance. The shape, the colors, the dimensions, and the arrangement of the patterns help make the flag what it is.  The colors of the flag were chosen by the Continental Congress in the 18th century. In 1782, the Congress of the Confederation chose the same colors for the Great Seal of the United States: Red for hardiness and courage; white for purity and innocence; blue for vigilance, perseverance, and justice.  If one were to change the colors, the orientation of the stripes, or the location of the field of stars, it would no longer be the American flag. What I am saying is that I believe that the physical integrity of the flag is crucial.  Despite this fact, because the flag also has symbolic value, the Supreme Court has determined that physically burning or mutilating the flag does not destroy the symbol. Therefore, a prohibition on burning or mutilating the flag would not serve a ``compelling'' governmental interest and could not be justified under the first amendment.  I do not agree. I believe that burning, tearing, and trampling on the object undermines the symbol. The process may be incremental, but over time the symbol erodes. The Supreme Court arguably has placed the flag in a kind of catch-22 situation. Because the flag is so important, because the flag is unique, because the flag has such powerful symbolic value, it, ironically, goes unprotected.  I support Senate Joint Resolution 31 because it will return the Nation's flag to the protected status I believe it deserves. The authority for the Nation to protect its central symbol of unity was considered constitutional until 5 years ago.  In the Senate Judiciary Committee's markup of Senate Joint Resolution 31, I proposed alternative legislation with more specific, narrowly tailored language. Although this was not voted on in committee, Chairman Hatch offered to work with me to see if we could develop language we could agree upon.  He has now proposed the substitute amendment that I believe represents a vast improvement over the original language of Senate Joint Resolution 31.  The original language would have allowed Congress, as well as each of the 50 States, to develop legislation prohibiting the desecration of the flag. In other words, each State would have been authorized to define ``flag,'' and each State would have been authorized to define ``desecration.''  The proposed substitute amendment offered earlier this afternoon would give Congress, and Congress alone, the authority to draft a statute to protect the flag. This will give Congress the opportunity to draft, carefully and deliberatively, precise statutory language that clearly defines the contours of prohibited conduct, something along the lines of the language I offered in committee. It would allow Congress to establish a uniform definition for ``flag of the United States,'' rather than allowing for 50 separate State definitions.   Because we are protecting our national symbol, it makes sense to me that Members of Congress, representing the Nation as a whole, should craft the statute protecting our flag.  Let me add that, from a first amendment perspective, a specific constitutional amendment prohibiting flag burning may be preferable to a statute. Harvard Law Prof. Frank Michelman made this point in a 1990 article, ``Saving Old Glory: On Constitutional Iconography.''  Although not himself an advocate of flag protective prohibitions, Professor Michelman argued that a specifically worded constitutional amendment related to flag burning could be preferable to a statute, posing fewer potential conflicts with the first amendment. An amendment pertaining exclusively to the flag would have little risk of affecting other kinds of expressive conduct. The premise of his argument is that, when the Constitution is amended, Supreme Court review is not required.  By contrast, a statute, if challenged, could only survive if the Supreme Court ultimately determined it to be constitutional. In other words, the Court would need to justify that the statute conformed to existing freedom-of-expression doctrine. In so doing, the Court arguably would need to develop a rationale that could ultimately serve to justify prohibitions on other kinds of symbolic expression.  So, I believe that those who say we are making a choice between trampling on the flag and trampling on the first amendment are creating an unfair dichotomy. Protecting the flag will not prevent people from expressing their ideas through other means, in the strongest possible terms.  Furthermore, the right to free speech is not unrestricted. For example, the Government can prohibit speech that threatens to cause imminent tangible harm, including face-to-face ``fighting words,'' incitement to violation of law, or shouting ``fire'' in a crowded theater. Obscenity and false advertising are not protected under the first amendment, and indecency over the broadcast media can be limited to certain times of day. Ever since Justice Brennan's 1964 decision in New York Times versus Sullivan, statements criticizing official conduct of a public official may be sanctioned if they are known to be false and if they damage the reputation of the official. There is much that is open to debate about the proper parameters of free speech.  In voting for this legislation, however, I extend a cautionary note. This amendment should not be viewed as a precedent for a host of new constitutional amendments on a limitless variety of subjects. The Constitution was designed to endure throughout the ages, and for that reason it should not be amended to accommodate the myriad of issues of the day. My support of a constitutional amendment to protect the flag reflects the gravity of my belief in the purpose.  I recognize that by supporting a constitutional amendment to protect the flag, I am choosing a different course from many Democrats in Congress and, quite frankly, from many of my close friends for whom I have the greatest respect.  But my support for this amendment reflects my broader belief that the time has come for the Nation to begin a major debate on values. I believe that this country must look at itself in the mirror and come to terms with those values. I do not wish to imply that one set of values is necessarily superior to another. But we cannot keep pressing the envelope and still remain a functional society.  We need to ask ourselves what we hold dear--Is there anything we will not cast contempt upon? We need to ask ourselves: How can we foster respect for tradition as well as for ideological and cultural diversity? How can we foster community as well as individuality, nationhood as well as internationalism? These are all important values, and we have to learn to reconcile them. We must not jettison one at the expense of another.  The Framers of the Constitution recognized two important elements of our constitutional tradition: a liberty element and a responsibility element. Without responsibility, without a rule of law, there could be no protection of life, limb, or property--there could be no lasting liberty. I believe there is a danger of moving too far in either direction--toward too restrictive order, or toward unlimited individual liberty.  In this instance, I believe we cannot tilt the scales entirely in favor of individual rights, when there exists a vast community of people in this country who have gone to war for our flag. And there are mothers and fathers and wives and children who have received a knock at their front door and have been told that their son, or husband, or father had died alone, in a trench. They were given a flag on this occasion, a flag which helps preserve the memory of their loved one, and which speaks to his or her courage.  Last June, the Senate Judiciary Committee heard testimony from Rose Lee of the Gold Star Wives of America, an organization representing 10,000 widows of American servicemen. This is what she said:       The flag, my flag, our flag . . . means something different      to each and every American. But to the Gold Star Wives, it      has the most personal of meanings. Twenty-three years ago      this American flag covered the casket of my husband, Chew-Mon      Lee, United States Army. . . Every Gold Star Wife has a flag      like this one, folded neatly in a triangle and kept in a      special place . . . My husband defended this flag during his      life . . . [b]urning the flag is . . . a slap in the face of      every widow who has a flag just like mine.  Requiring certain individuals to refrain from defacing or burning the flag, I believe, is a small price to pay on behalf of the millions of Americans for whom the flag has deep personal significance. Just 5 years ago, when 48 States had laws against flag burning, the first amendment continued to thrive.  I believe that this legislation will protect the integrity of the flag while keeping our first amendment jurisprudence intact. I urge my colleagues to support it.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  