 President, I rise today to oppose the amendment offered by the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bumpers] that would eliminate the defense export loan guarantee provision in this bill.  I believe that the loan guarantee provision will help maintain and may help to create jobs as our Nation reduces defense spending here at home. By aiding the sale of ``made in the USA'' military items to our close allies, we can lessen the pain of defense downsizing for hundreds of thousands of defense and aerospace workers across the country.  The entire Nation and, in particular, my home State of California, has been hard hit by defense downsizing, not to mention the recent base realignment and closure list. Hundreds of thousands of defense related jobs have been lost in California in the last 2 years, and this number is sadly expected to rise.  Continued exports of defense goods is vital to maintaining California's industrial resources. We can help to ease the transition for defense and aerospace workers by providing these loan guarantees, by establishing defense conversion programs, and through other initiatives. It is our duty to help in any way we can to provide good, high-quality jobs for the hundreds of thousands of dedicated workers who have contributed to U.S. national security.  The defense export loan guarantee provision in this bill does not, in any way, eliminate the many existing safeguards that protect against risky proliferation. Loan guarantees would be limited to friendly countries specified in the bill--including our NATO allies, major non-NATO allies, the democratic states of Eastern Europe, and the member nations of Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation [APFC]. Further, congressional oversight of these foreign military sales would not be lessened. All foreign military sales would still have to be reviewed by Congress as required by the Arms Export Control Act.  This defense export loan guarantee program offers an opportunity to assist our defense workers and improve our economy. I strongly believe that this provision is vital to our defense and aerospace industry and is essential to the preservation of hundreds of thousands of high-quality, good paying jobs in California and throughout the Nation.  I urge my colleagues to support this provision and oppose the Bumpers amendment.  