 President, I oppose the Bryan amendment to eliminate funding for the Market Promotion Program.  The Market Promotion Program helps promote U.S. agricultural commodities abroad and build foreign markets for American agricultural products. I support the Market Promotion Program. And here is why:  First, the Market Promotion Program has been a very successful program. It has significantly benefited agriculture and expanded markets. There have been scores of success stories. For California agriculture, MPP moneys have boosted exports of almonds, asparagus, prunes, citrus, avocados, kiwi-fruit, canned peaches, canned pears, canned fruit cocktail, pistachios, strawberries, table grapes, tomatoes, walnuts, wine, raisins, cotton and cotton products, and more.  The California avocado industry, for example, used MPP moneys to increase Japanese consumers' awareness of the higher quality of California avocados as opposed to lower priced, lower quality foreign sources. In 3 years, using MPP funds California avocado growers were able to increase exports to Japan by 200 percent.  Similarly, the U.S. cotton industry effectively used to promote the higher quality of products made with U.S. cotton. In the 5 years preceding the Market Promotion Program, exports of American cotton averaged only 5.3 million bales of raw cotton. This year, U.S. cotton exports will exceed 10 million bales. U.S. cotton exports have averaged $437 million more per year since the Market Promotion Program began.  Second, the Market Promotion Program is a cost-shared program. Recipients of MPP funds must contribute funds of their own as well. But the Federal funds serve as seed money that attract the private funding and bring diverse segments of an industry together on export promotion that would not otherwise be possible.  Third, the Market Promotion Program helps American agriculture compete in a global market. It is a GATT legal program. Agricultural exports now account for nearly one-third of total U.S. agricultural production and over $40 million in sales. But our competitors in world markets are aggressively supporting export and promotion of their agricultural products. We need to ensure that our growers are given the same support that their foreign competitors receive.  Mr. President, the Market Promotion Program works. We should not eliminate it.  