 In addition to being vital to U.S. national security, Oakland Army Base's closure will have an adverse impact on a region still feeling the brunt of previous base closures.  The Oakland Army Base's mission is to support the rapid deployment of military equipment and other large cargo in times of peace and war. As the only exclusive use, Army-owned secure access facility on the west coast, the Oakland Army Base is crucial to the Pentagon's strategy of being able to fight and win two nearly simultaneous regional conflicts.  The senior Army leadership closely reviewed Oakland Army Base when preparing their 1995 base closure recommendations. The closure of the Oakland Army Base was flatly rejected by Secretary of the Army Togo West on operational grounds because there simply are insufficient commercial port facilities on the west coast to support the Army's military requirements.  I personally spoke with General Sullivan, the Army Chief of Staff, who said he strongly opposes the closure of the Oakland Army Base. In a recent letter to me, General Sullivan wrote that:       its loss represents an unacceptable risk. Oakland is      essential for the deployment of our CONUS-based forces to      respond to any national security threats which would emerge      in the Pacific. . . . The Army needs this critical facility      to support the rapid deployment of equipment during peace and      war.  In addition to its adverse impact on U.S. national security, the closure of Oakland Army Base will result in the loss of at least 700 jobs in the San Francisco Bay Area, an area hard hit by previous base closures. As you may recall, the 1993 base closure process claimed more than 30,000 jobs with the closure of Alameda Naval Air Station, Mare Island Naval Shipyard, Treasure Island Naval Station, and other facilities. The bay area's economy simply cannot take another major blow.  I ask unanimous consent that the full text of General Sullivan's letter be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  