 President, I rise in support of the Victims Justice Act of 1995. Too often, our criminal justice system has overlooked the victim of crime in its zeal to protect the rights of the accused. This bill makes significant progress toward ensuring that the victim is not forgotten.  I want to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee for the work they have put into this bill, in moving it through the committee and ensuring that it creates a workable system for awarding compensation to victims.  It is a sad fact that so many people in our society are affected by crime. In my State of California, 318,946 violent crimes were reported last year.  And yet, restitution to the victim is infrequently awarded. In fiscal year 1994, restitution was only awarded in 20.2 percent of Federal criminal cases.  The Victims Justice Act may well help this, by making restitution to the victim mandatory in Federal criminal cases where restitution can reasonably be anticipated by a judge.  Victim restitution is a matter of simple justice. If somebody has been hurt by a criminal, they should be made whole.  Restitution does more than simply compensate the victim for a loss, however. It says to the victim, ``You matter. You have been hurt, and this is wrong. We have not forgotten about you.''  It also speaks to the criminal. It reinforces to them that their crime hurt another person, that they are responsible for the consequences of their actions, and that they have a responsibility to the person they harmed.  Mr. President, I recognize that most criminal defendants are indigent, and cannot make complete restitution. But it is important to send this message of responsibility to all criminals. That is why I strongly support mandatory restitution, even if it is only nominal restitution, such as a few dollars a month. Even though this won't make the victim whole, it still sends the message to them that they matter, and still reminds the criminal, every month, about the consequences of his actions and his responsibility for them.  And should the criminal come into better financial circumstances later, this will ensure that he is not allowed to sit comfortably while his victim is left uncompensated.  I also want to highlight one aspect of the bill which I worked on with Senator Kyl: community restitution in drug cases. Drug dealing is not a victimless crime. As a former mayor, I have seen drugs ravage whole neighborhoods, spurring other crimes, destroying property, and tearing apart communities. That is why I think it is important to permit restitution in drug cases, even where there is no identifiable individual victim.  This section of the bill will allow judges to order restitution in these drug trafficking cases. This restitution will go to the States in which the crime occurred, to their Victim Assistance Administration and to their entities which receive substance abuse block grant funds. By making restitution to these funds, drug dealers will be forced to help crime victims and to fight the drug abuse which they have fostered and from which they profited, targeted to the States which they have harmed.  I call on Federal judges to implement this section, and not to disregard it. I am hopeful that they will do so, and that future legislation to mandate this restitution will not be necessary.  Mr. President, the Victims Justice Act will help victims, will help communities, and may well help to rehabilitate criminals. I urge my colleagues to pass it.  