  Mr. President, I would like to rise in support of the pending legislation, and I would like to compliment both Senators Kempthorne and Glenn.  Mr. President, let me speak for a few moments as someone who in the 1970's was President of a Board of Supervisors in local government and, through most of the 1980's, was Mayor. I saw the development of these unfunded mandates firsthand, and, in so doing, I think I probably speak for the mayors and the local officials all across this Nation.  Mr. President, in the 1970's, 22 new statutes were enacted imposing new regulations on State and local governments or significantly expanding programs. During the 1980's, while I was Mayor, 27 new laws with Federal mandates were added. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that new regulations enacted between 1983 and 1990 imposed total costs of about $8.9 and $12.7 billion on States and local governments, depending on the definition of mandates used. Federal dollars during this time declined. Between 1981 and 1990, Federal dollars declined 28 percent, when the figures are adjusted for inflation, to satisfy these mandates.  The drop in Federal dollars shifted more of the costs on State and local governments, draining their resources and making it increasingly difficult for State and local governments to meet their budgetary requirements.  Let me speak about something I know well--California.  Unfunded mandates now cost the State $8 billion annually. Just in providing health, social services, educational and correctional services to illegal aliens, unfunded mandates are costing California more than $2 billion annually. The State of California, since 1978, has been under proposition 13 whereby local jurisdictions effectively cannot raise revenues to meet these mandates.  Now, rather than talk about my time in local government, let me give you some specific, current, ongoing examples of the impact that unfunded mandates are having throughout the State of California right now.   [[Page S889]] Let's talk about some specific California cities.  Let us take, for example, a city of about 120,000 people known as Sunnyvale, California. The city has identified a total of 202 mandates that they must meet. It has incurred costs for 103 of these mandates during the last 5 fiscal years. The total cost of these mandates has been approximately $77 million, representing 18 percent of Sunnyvale's total operating budget.  For example, Sunnyvale's compliance with environmental mandates accounted for 62.4 percent of the total costs of these mandates.  The general and other nonutility funds of Sunnyvale were impacted by a total of $7 million in the 1993 budget. This represents in excess of 10 percent of the total operating costs of the city government, roughly equivalent to the costs of operating the library plus half of the parks in a given year, or roughly equivalent to 70 percent of fire services for that community.  Again, the community cannot raise taxes to pay for it. The city estimates that one-third of the total single-family residence utility bills this year will be earmarked for compliance with State and Federal mandates.  Mr President, let me take the city of Los Angeles. Unfunded mandates again have placed a recent burden on that city. Federal mandates will cost Los Angeles $4.2 billion over the next 5 years. For example, the Federal underground storage tank regulations require leak detection systems and corrective action affecting 206 sites and 431 storage tanks in Los Angeles. Corrective action will cost in excess of $31 million over the next 5 years.  Compliance with the Safe Drinking Water Act will cost the city in excess of $245 million over the 5-year period. Costs to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act are estimated to exceed $30 million. This includes costs for curb cuts, ramps, special bathrooms in public buildings, whether or not they are actually used.  Federal law now requires all highway projects financed with Federal gas tax funds be designed and constructed in metric measurements starting September 30, 1996. Revisions to all city standards, manuals, standard plans, ordinances, and other documents will be required. Also, new drafting and design equipment will be needed, along with some training. The Los Angeles Department of Transportation will have to replace 14,000 speed zone signs at a one-time cost of $1.2 million. The total cost to comply with this program--that is, just changing to a metric system--is $2.6 million. And this is just one small change.  Did anyone ever add up or, again, even know the cost when this bill was promulgated? I doubt it.  Let us take Los Angeles County. To meet Federal mandates and still balance its budget, the county of Los Angeles has to significantly curtail other programs. For example, this year, Los Angeles County employees will have to forego cost-of-living and other wage adjustments, and aid to indigents will be substantially reduced. Several libraries are being closed and all others will be open for a reduced number of hours. Recipients of welfare and public health services will face longer waits due to minimal county staffing levels.  Looking at the impact of immigration, Los Angeles County found that in 1991-1992, net county costs for services provided to legal immigrants, amnesty aliens, and illegal aliens and their citizen children were about $947 million, while county revenues received from this segment accounted for only $139 million.  Another example. The city of Fresno is required under the Safe Drinking Water Act to fit each of its 217 wells with expensive radon filtration systems. The city estimates the total capital costs of the system in the Fresno metropolitan area at $191 million and an annual operating cost of $26 million.  Considering the city currently has a $567 million budget with a very small percentage of discretionary dollars, the initial outlay and annual costs to comply with the radon standards could have a significant impact on Fresno.  According to the city, the cost of compliance with the proposed radon regulation would force water systems to drop more compelling programs with greater public health and environmental benefits.  For Stockton, CA, a city of 215,000 people, compliance with Federal mandated stormwater provisions of the Clean Water Act will cost the city approximately $1.2 million per year over the next 5 years or $15 to $20 per home. The city has the choice of either decreasing park and recreation, library services, or police services if the public will not accept the addition of a fee increase.  The Clean Air Act requires Stockton to spend approximately $2.2 million in capital costs and $100,000 in annual operating expenses to control landfill gas. Again, the city must either increase user fees or shift funding from parks and recreation, library services or public safety.  The Fair Labor Standards Act requires Stockton to pay overtime to firefighters who work more than 53 hours a week. As a result, the overtime costs Stockton an additional $400,000 a year and affects the city's ability to add public safety officers.  Let me give what I think are rather egregious examples from my own city, San Francisco.  The City of San Francisco is required under the Safe Drinking Water Act to comply with filtration mandates. The city would prefer to put more funds into watershed protection, which is cheaper and would make filtration unnecessary. But instead it is forced by Federal regulations to the more costly expenditure. Building a filtration plant would cost the city $500 to $700 million, while the cost for nonfiltration options range from $40 to $60 million.  Let me give another example. Candlestick Park, this weekend, will be sold out--a major NFL game.  A while back one person sued the City saying she did not have a seat as a disabled person at a game. The city came together and formed an agreement. But under the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Department of Justice is now saying that the agreement is not good enough. The city will have to spend $5 million to build another 600 seats for disabled at Candlestick Park.  What is the rub? The stadium is sold out this weekend. There are 7,000 seats for disabled already, and they are not filled. Yet someone in Justice is saying the city must build another 600 seats.  I submit, the real problem is that once the bills are passed and the regulations are drafted by someone in a department, there is no telling what can happen.  While I was Mayor we would engage in consent decrees with all parties and someone in the Federal Government would say no, that is not acceptable to us. You must spend more money and to it our way. I think this is what is happening throughout the United States. It certainly is throughout the State of California.  Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act will cost San Francisco $8.2 million in fiscal year 1995 in spite of conflicts with other code requirements. For example, safety cells for suicidal inmates in the new jail built to meet strict Federal codes say there should be no hard objects, such as bars, inside, and that there must be a lip on the floor by the door to keep fluids inside. However, the Americans with Disabilities Act requires bars by the toilet and a floor that a wheelchair can roll into.  San Francisco faces other costs in fiscal year 1995 arising from unfunded mandates--$149.1 million for sewage treatment facilities required by the Clean Water Act; $830,000 for scrubbers and boiler retrofit to comply with the Clean Air Act; $3,090,000 to remove asbestos; $2,910,000 to test for lead, and $500,000 to implement drug and alcohol testing programs for employees responsible for operating certain vehicles as a condition of receiving Federal transportation funds.  Mr. President, I believe it is unfair for the Federal Government to impose mandatory regulations on localities without providing the necessary funding to implement them. I feel very strongly that Congress must be responsive to the fiscal constraints under which local and State governments operate.  Mr. President, S. 1 provides the kind of relief which State and local governments want and need.  It requires:  Any bill or amendment imposing a Federal mandate of more than $50 million on a State or local government [[Page S890]] must include a Congressional Budget Office estimate of the mandate's cost and the funds to pay for the mandate.  If the bill or amendment imposing the mandate is to be paid for by future appropriations, the bill must provide that the mandate will be eliminated if moneys are not appropriated or scaled back to the level moneys are appropriated.  Any bill or amendment without the CBO cost estimate and funding will be ruled out of order, but a point of order can be laid against it and overturned by a constitutional majority.  CBO must consult with State and local governments in determining the costs of Federal mandates. Good. Finally.  Federal agencies must consult with State and local governments in determining the costs of mandates in Federal regulations. Good. Finally.  Any bill or amendment imposing a Federal mandate of more than $200 million on the private sector must include a CBO estimate of the mandate's cost. Good.  Laws or Federal rules enforcing civil and constitutional rights, national security or treaty obligations, emergencies, and voluntary programs, as exempted.  I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  