 President, I rise today in support of the proposed amendment to prohibit U.S. assistance to countries that prohibit or restrict the transport or delivery of U.S. humanitarian aid. This is a basic matter of principle: No country should have the right to interfere with the delivery of humanitarian assistance anywhere. When the United States provides food, medicine, and clothing to suffering civilian populations, in response to war or natural disaster, there is simply no justification for a country to block this assistance, especially when that country receives assistance from the United States itself.  The United States goes to great lengths to ensure that nations in dire need for humanitarian aid receive it in the most expedient and efficient way. Supplying humanitarian aid to people in need is consistent with the basic values of our Nation, and we should not ignore attempts to hinder its delivery.  This amendment would apply to all countries which receive U.S. assistance. However, as we all know, the major problem in this area today lies with Turkey's blocking of United States humanitarian aid to Armenia, a contemptible practice which has gone on for over 2 years.  While Turkey has made some progress on this issue, agreeing to open an air corridor to Armenia, this does not begin to address the problem of humanitarian assistance which must be transported over land. The bulk of the assistance we send to Armenia requires such land conveyance.  It is my hope that the administration will work with Turkey to ensure that all routes available for bringing humanitarian aid to Armenia are opened. Opening an air corridor is only the first step toward resolving this serious problem. Perhaps by working with Turkey on this issue, we can help to avoid ever having to invoke the aid cutoff called for in this amendment.  It is important to note that this amendment includes a national security waiver, thereby recognizing the fact that there may be compelling national security interests which require U.S. assistance to countries even when the recipient is blocking humanitarian aid to others. This waiver also appropriately preserves the President's prerogative to conduct U.S. foreign policy.  Turkey is an important United States ally, and I realize that assistance to Turkey is an integral part of our foreign policy to ensure regional security in that part of the world. However, we simply cannot continue to assist Turkey, or any other nation, which impedes the delivery of humanitarian aid to others. Again, this is a matter of principle, and it is my hope that my colleagues from both sides of the aisle will support it.  