 Mr. President, I have been listening very carefully to this debate; this discussion. I think it is fair to say that there are some who believe this debate is a battle for the Nation's soul. There are others who believe it is a battle for the Nation's heart. And there are some, I among them, who believe that it is a battle for the Nation's future.  At its best, welfare reform can contribute to the work ethic and upward mobility of large numbers of people. At its worst, it can fuel poverty and desperation, and it can take us back to those days best characterized by Charles Dickens in some of his novels.  The results of our actions here will be evaluated by generations to come. I truly believe that the ultimate test of a civilization is, as Albert Schweitzer once stated, a civilization is known by how that civilization treats the least among them.  So I sincerely hope that one day we will be judged as having met the challenge of welfare reform with light rather than heat and with practical solutions.  I know there are many who believe they have all the answers, but the ultimate test of whether we succeed in what we do here is whether more people will be working tomorrow than today, and whether more people will be able to support themselves than today, and whether children will be better off or worse off.  Any bill for welfare reform, I think, because of the gravity of the situation in the largest State in the Union--California, must be looked at by how it impacts that State. California today comprises 12.3 percent of our Nation's population, with more than 32 million residents. It has 18.6 percent of the country's welfare caseload. It is home to 38 percent of all legal immigrants, including 42 percent of the Nation's immigrants who receive SSI. It has one-third of the Nation's drug- or alcohol-addicted SSI caseload, and almost one-fifth of the national AFDC caseload.  So I believe it is fair to say that any successful welfare bill will have a major and dramatic impact on virtually every walk of life in the State of California.  Let me begin by laying out what I think are the necessary components of any successful welfare reform bill and how it relates to California. The first issue is entitlements. I believe that the consensus is broad that the time has come to eliminate the entitlement status of welfare. Our system of entitlements has reached a point where there are more people entitled to benefits than there are people willing to provide them. That is a major difficulty.  I have had people, particularly young people, tell me that they believe they have a right to welfare. They interpret the entitlement status as giving them a basic right to this program. I do not agree, and I believe that the notion that welfare is a right has, in a sense, contributed to the collapse of the system. People in need should have temporary assistance, but they are not entitled to a lifelong grant.  Anyone who has ever had responsibility for running a welfare system knows the challenges, but one of the biggest challenges is the welfare bureaucracy itself. I remember somebody bringing to the floor a pile of documents that it took to qualify somebody into a categorical aid program and the documents were quite high. The more top down our welfare system has become, the less effectively it has served its purpose.  As a former mayor and a county supervisor, and now a Senator, I have dealt with every conceivable layer of bureaucracy in the administration of public benefit programs. But I truly believe it is at the local level, the counties, where welfare has seen some of its most innovative and successful reforms. For example, and it has been mentioned here earlier, specifically with one county, several California counties have instituted a program called GAIN. Everybody is familiar with it: Greater Avenues for Independence. One county, Riverside, has returned $2.84 to the taxpayers for every $1 spent on its GAIN Program. In Los Angeles, the results from the GAIN Program have been equally impressive. Working with 30,000 long-time welfare recipients who have been employed for more than 3 years, the Los Angeles GAIN Program has a current placement rate of 34 percent, which is very high as these things go.  Followup studies in Los Angeles reveal a 60 percent retention rate, indicating that the majority have not cycled back to welfare.  San Mateo and San Diego Counties have each created successful job search programs, cutting administrative costs and moving people into private-sector employment. San Mateo last year put an unprecedented 85 percent of the people in the program to work.  Enforcement of child support obligations, I believe, is the single most important welfare reform measure from the California perspective, because one of the principal causes of poverty in my State is the absence of child support, the last time I looked at this.  Almost 3 million people in California receive AFDC [Aid to Families with Dependent Children]. Now, that is a caseload larger than the entire populations of many of the States represented in this body. Currently, the combined annual cost to Federal, State, and local government is $7 billion for the AFDC Program.  Since 1980, the total AFDC costs for California have tripled, from $1.9 billion in 1980 to $5.6 billion in 1993.  During that same period, births to unmarried teen mothers rose by 76 percent. Now, it is true that this is not a large portion of the caseload. However, mothers who had their first child as teenagers comprise more than half of our entire AFDC caseload. So while teen mothers may be a small number, but the finding of the California experience is that once teenagers enter welfare, it is difficult to get them to leave the program.  I believe it takes two people to bring a child into this world, and as a society we must demand that both parents be responsible for supporting the child. So strong child support must be an essential component of welfare reform.  Of course, as has also been said by many in this debate, child care remains the linchpin to a successful transition from welfare to work. In the California experience, the shortage of affordable child care is a critical and overwhelming problem for the State and for local communities. Our State spends $840 million annually on child care. Another $200 million of Federal funds goes into this. That is more than $1 billion for child care, and we still meet the needs of less than 30 percent of the families who are eligible for child care. This is the catch-22 of the Dole-Packwood bill for California.  In San Diego, Federal funds provide a total of 1,636 child care positions. Yet, there are 11,663 eligible families on the waiting list. The odds of getting a child care spot in the present system are 1 in 14. In San Francisco, with combined State and Federal funds, there are 8,000 child care spaces. But, there are 6,000 eligible families on the waiting list.  So this is one simple issue of common sense. You cannot move millions of mothers into the work force if there are not enough child care options available for them.  Let me talk for a moment about welfare fraud, because it is a real problem and it must be addressed, particularly in the Food Stamp Program. My understanding is that an investigation by the Secret Service last year estimated that food stamp fraud alone costs taxpayers at least $2 billion a year. I am very pleased that both bills--the Dole-Packwood bill, as well as the Democratic leadership bill--have built in legislation which I introduced last week to enact strong provisions to permanently disqualify merchants who knowingly submit fraudulent claims, and to double the penalties for recipient fraud. But we also must remove Federal obstacles to an electronic benefit system, so that we can eliminate paper coupons and replace them with the counterfeit-proof debit card. I will certainly support efforts to do so.  I think it is fair to say that under the Dole-Packwood bill, my State is the biggest loser. And I cannot vote for the bill in its present form for that reason. First of all, I was surprised to see that the bill does not consider California a growth State. No State grows more than California. Yet, in this bill, California is not a growth State.  I was pleased when I learned that there would be a new growth fund in the bill, but I might say that the growth fund excludes one of the fastest growing States in the Nation--that is California--so it is not much of a growth fund.  For my State this bill is an enormous unfunded mandate. It requires California to achieve levels of work participation five times higher than the present. Yet, it freezes funding at the 1994 level.  The Department of Health and Human Services has estimated that to operate the work program plus related child care will cost my State more than $4 billion over 5 years. Yet, funding is frozen at the 1994 level.  Meeting the work requirements in this bill will result in a need for an 894 percent increase in AFDC-related child care needs. Yet, funding is frozen at the 1994 level.  California, as I mentioned, is home to 38 percent of all legal immigrants. But it is also home to more than half, 52 percent, of all legal immigrants who receive Federal welfare. Fifty-two percent of all legal immigrants who receive Federal welfare are in the State of California. I am one who believes immigrants should not come to this country to go on welfare. But this bill takes a problem created by the Federal Government and simply dumps it on the States.  It would deny SSI and Medicaid benefits to almost 300,000 legal immigrants who reside in California, resulting in a $6.3 billion cost shift to my State over 5 years. Los Angeles County alone has estimated a loss of $530 million annually under the Republican bill.  We cannot just shift the problem. The impact on States and counties must also be addressed. I have already stated that many of the innovations currently under discussion have been pioneered by California counties. I want them to have the ability to continue the work they have begun. Counties--not the State--are on the front lines in California.  The Dole-Packwood bill falls far short for States like mine where responsibility for administering welfare has been delegated to the counties. If we are serious about devolving authority to local communities, I see no reason to sustain a two-tiered welfare bureaucracy where the State simply passes the responsibility through to the counties but keeps some of the funding for its own purposes. I want to see the people closest to the problem--the counties--have full control of the Federal funds being allocated to implement this mandate.  In conclusion, the legislation currently before the Senate, I believe, fails to reform welfare in a way which will help California or, I believe, the Nation. I believe the alternative proposal by the Democratic leadership is a more cost-effective vehicle for change in my State.  The Daschle bill addresses California's concern in the following ways. It accommodates growth; it provides adequate child-care funding; it allows for local government control; it does not dump a huge unfunded mandate on the States with regard to immigrant benefits.  For 60 years now, this Nation has been generous to poor families with dependent children. Originally conceived during the Great Depression, AFDC was designed to keep widows at home with their children at a time when women were not valued in the work force.  The 1930's were a time when women and children were accorded respect and compassion if they were poor, because they were economically vulnerable. It seems that time has passed. But our goal in these times has not changed. We still need a plan to assist the economically vulnerable, assist them to work and to be independent. So we must do so with training, with child care, and with incentives to work. Surely a nation which could reach for the stars could also eliminate poverty.  I have been very fortunate in my life. I have not known poverty, and I have not known hunger. But I have known failure. To me, there are few human experiences that are worse.  Yet, our welfare system has rewarded failure and punished success. In the process, we have created not only a dependency on welfare but a dependency on failure. It is overcoming failure which is the challenge before the Senate.  I very much hope that in reform we do not throw the baby out with the bath water, and that we also recognize that the American people are no less generous than they were in 1935. Today, perhaps, they are much more practical. They want to know that their tax-paying dollars are going for good, solid, practical programs.  I do not believe there are Americans that really want to see youngsters starving in the streets of our communities. They are still willing to help those in need, provided they are willing to help themselves.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gorton). The Senator from Pennsylvania.  