  Over the last few years the United States has experienced more disasters than at any other time--the Loma Prieta earthquake in California; Hurricane Hugo which struck the Carolinas; Typhoon Omar which struck Guam; Hurricanes Andrew, Bob, and Iniki; the floods that covered much of the Midwest; the more recent floods that devastated Texas; the wildfires which struck southern California; the Northridge earthquake in southern California just over 1 year ago; and the floods that are still plaguing California.  In California, earthquake activity has dramatically increased. Leading seismologists have predicted that there is an 86-percent chance of a 7.0 quake in southern California in the next 30 years.  California can do more and will do more to prepare for future disasters, but as we saw in Kobe, Japan, even what is considered good planning can be ripped apart.  But much more than California is at risk. It is inevitable that Florida and the eastern seaboard will see another hurricane. Hawaii will see another hurricane or a volcano. A tornado, floor, or deep freeze will hit the Midwest, and on down the list. Currently, there are outstanding requests for disaster assistance in 40 States. Every State in the Union is at risk from Mother Nature.  [[Page S2616]] This exemption is not frivolous. More times than not, FEMA has had the capability to cover the costs of a federally declared disaster. FEMA has provided assistance in cases of heavy snow, tornadoes, floods, and many other situations, and has not required additional funding from Congress. People should not be under the impression that FEMA marches up to Capitol Hill after every disaster and request more money.  We need this exemption for those infrequent instances when the size and scale and destructive force of a disaster is simply too overwhelming for the affected local and State officials to handle.  Twelve times since 1974 the administration has requested a supplemental appropriations bill to pay for the costs of disasters. Seven of those twelve times, the supplemental request has been less than $1 billion. In no instance has Congress required these bills to be offset by cuts in other funding, which would be the required course of action if this amendment fails.  Congress passed the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to outline in what ways the Federal Government should supplement State and local efforts in times of disaster.  Through the Stafford Act, the Federal Government has recognized that it has a vital role in responding to disasters. We must maintain that commitment, and this amendment will ensure that we do so.  Oftentimes we in the Senate do not move quickly to pass bills. Thankfully, we have moved quickly to pass bills to help restore the lives of disaster victims. In such cases of catastrophic disasters, when local officials cannot meet the needs of the victims, we must not let budget debates and haggling over how to achieve 60 votes slow our effort to meet our commitment.  Some may argue that the Federal Government is too intrusive in our lives--but when disaster strikes, trust me, even the greatest government cynic is glad to see someone wearing a FEMA jacket.  In response to the Northridge earthquake in my State of California, Congress passed a bill that included $8.6 billion in Federal emergency assistance. This money has been absolutely vital in getting Los Angeles back on its feet. Federal disaster relief funds have played a critical role in Hawaii, and Florida, and the Midwest as well.  Some will argue that if these billions of dollars are so small in comparison to our Federal budget, why should they be so difficult to offset? Let me address that question. Last week the House Appropriations Committee approved a measure to offset the supplemental spending bill that was requested by the President to bay for military operations in Haiti and elsewhere. This $3.2 billion bill was offset with $1.8 billion in cuts in defense spending, and $1.4 billion in nondefense spending. The $1.4 billion in cuts in nondefense cuts, had little if any hearing and were cut at the expense of programs totally unrelated to the purposes for which they were going to be sacrificed.  Will we use bills to help victims of disasters as a vehicle to wantonly cut unrelated programs with little or no thought? If this becomes the case, when these disaster bills finally wind their way to the floor, as victims wait for our assistance, the programs that have been cut in committee will be the subject of debate, and the victims of the disaster will sit and wait. The debate on disaster bills should be about the victims, not about the budget.  There is another point I would like to make with respect to the Budget Act of 1990. Under the provisions of balanced budget amendment, 60 votes in the Senate would be necessary to waive the requirement of balancing the budget. The Budget Act of 1990 specifically gave the Congress the authority to consider bills deemed to be emergency spending by both Congress and the President, without subjecting the bill to a point of order. Once a bill is the subject of a point of order, it takes 60 votes to waive the provisions of the budget act. By subjecting emergency bills to the balanced budget amendment, we would be requiring 60 votes the amendment, the same requirement that emergency bills were specifically exempted from in 1990.  Additionally, there has been criticism in the past that these bills have been loaded up with pork unrelated to disasters. I have cosponsored a bill with Senators McCain and Feingold to eliminate amendments to these bills that are unrelated to the disasters so emergency funding bills are only for emergencies. I hope that bill will see swift passage.  Disasters are unexpected, and can cause, in some cases, tremendous amounts of damage. We cannot plan for them, and funds for assistance must not be delayed because of our fear of throwing the budget out of balance, but the speed with which we pass these bills can be vital to an effective recover effort.  As an aside, I would like to make a suggestion to my colleagues with respect to helping to prevent the need for emergency disaster bills in the future. FEMA will have approximately $320 million this year for its disaster relief fund, a figure based on an old average of yearly needs, when in fact the average outlays from the disaster relief fund from fiscal year 1985 through fiscal year 1996 projected--is $1.527 billion. I would suggest to my colleagues that we use this figure as a new baseline instead of the $320 million. These funds if not expended, can build up, so we would be better prepared financially for future disasters. I recognize that we would need to find an additional $1.2 billion annually to cover the difference, but perhaps that would be easier than finding the much bigger sums that we have to produce all in 1 year in the face of huge disasters such as Northridge.  To close, I would like to say, disaster bills will not break the budget, but will help put the lives of the thousands of disaster victims back together.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  