 President, it is interesting to see, because in 1977 Senators Abe Ribicoff and Jake Javits presented language mandating the introduction of explosive tagging over a period of time.  During consideration of the bill, the National Rifle Association--who somebody has just said is for taggants--opposed the inclusion in the program of black and smokeless powders used by some hunters to hand-load antique rifles. The National Rifle Association was successful at the committee level at deleting the requirement that these powders be tagged.  Nonetheless, the requirement that other types of explosives be tagged was left intact. The bill never reached the Senate floor.  In the 96th Congress, the antiterrorism legislation was reintroduced with provisions for gradually phasing in identification tagging over a 2\1/2\-year period. The legislation was considered in the House by the Aviation Subcommittee of the Commerce Committee.  It was supported by the Airline Pilots Association and the Airline Transport Association. The House Members and Glenn Anderson, the subcommittee chair, wanted to wait for action on the subject in the Senate before taking the issue up in the House.  The Senate Governmental Affairs Committee marked it up on May 7, 1979. The only controversial aspect of this Omnibus Antiterrorism Act, Senate bill 333, was explosive tagging. Again, the NRA and the Institute of Makers of Explosives lobbied hard to kill the entire program and made wild accusations about the cost, safety, utility, and burdensomeness of taggants.  So the principal supporters, Ribicoff and Javits, and the principal opponent, who was Senator Stevens at the time, agreed to postpone committee consideration pending an examination of taggants by the congressional Office of Technology Assessments.  That was the report I held up this morning. OTA was not to conduct original research, but rather was supposed to review existing data and report its findings back to the Governmental Affairs Committee no later than August 6, 1979.  OTA went out. They established a staff drawn from science foundations, Lawrence Livermore Lab, to carry out the proposal. They also formed an advisory committee composed of representatives from the law enforcement community, the explosives industry, and the gun lobby to provide input. It is my understanding that one of the explosive industry members was later indicted for selling explosive materials to Libyan terrorists.  Despite the efforts on the part of OTA to comply with the August 6 deadline, it soon became apparent that the deadline could not be met. So a new deadline was set for Thanksgiving. In the interim, American hostages were seized in Iran and the Senate decided to postpone consideration of the underlying bill until the situation was clarified.  This gave OTA more time to develop its report, which was finally released on April 28, 1980. That is the report I mentioned this morning.  At this point, the National Rifle Association, I am told, hired lobbyists to lobby against the bill. I am told that the people hired were paid more than $250,000 for the effort to defeat this. They were successful in getting several trade associations in the construction industry, including the Crushed Stone Association, to launch campaigns against the bill on the theory that taggants would increase the cost of explosives by more than 100 percent. In fact, the estimate is less than 10 percent. I read those figures into the Record this morning.  By the date of the markup, it became clear that the Javits-Ribicoff approach would not win. Senator Glenn offered a compromise. That did not go ahead. The committee vote was 8-7 in favor of an Eagleton motion, who was an opponent of taggants. And on and on and on it goes.  Now here we are with a massive incident in the United States--two of them--the World Trade Center and the building in Oklahoma City. And now, today, this afternoon, the phones are heating up. Senators that I thought would be for this are calling. They are now getting the agriculture communities involved, saying they do not want a study. Just the study on ammonium nitrate, the fertilizer that blew up the building and killed 168 people, we were being told we should not study it.  I cannot believe it. It is unbelievable to me that anyone could oppose a study to see if fertilizers can be made inert so they will not detonate it.  