  Mr. President, I rise to support my colleague and her resolution, which I believe is appropriate, fitting, and not partisan. I do not believe that she had in mind a partisan effect at all. I believe she had in mind being able to conclude a process in a way which gave much fresh air and clarity and credibility to it. So I am pleased to support her.  I think every member of the Ethics Committee has worked hard in what has been a very difficult case. None of us likes to sit in judgement of another, and certainly the Senator at issue is one who is competent, who has had great credibility and great standing in this body.  Nonetheless, I came here in 1992, and this issue was very much with us in 1992. The allegations and the statements of the accusers have been printed and published all over the United States. The question really is, are they credible statements? And this question can only be answered by a hearing.  I heard the distinguished chairman of the Ethics Committee say 264 witnesses had been interviewed but, of course, that is by staff. The Senator from New Hampshire said, well, any member of the committee could sit in and listen to those depositions. That is not likely to happen with the busy nature of the life we lead in this body.  Human beings are certainly not perfect, and there may well be mitigating circumstances, but I think sexual misconduct, and particularly sexual harassment, is often misunderstood. It means different things to different people.  What is compelling to me is that 9 out of the 18 accusers have publicly asked for public hearings. Generally, this is not true. Generally, women do not want to come forward publicly. However, these women have publicly asked for the hearings.  As the Senator from California, my colleague, has pointed out, in every one of these cases, when the investigation has been completed, there has in fact been a public hearing. As I have heard stated on this floor, the reason not to have a public hearing is often to protect the accuser or the person who provides the testimony. However, that is not the case here.  I think the only way to successfully conclude this is with a public hearing. Why? Because questions can be asked. Questions can be clarified. Issues can be probed. And the degree of culpability can be established. Perhaps that is very low. Perhaps it is very great. Without a hearing, I have no way of knowing, as a non-Ethics Committee member.  Another reason that is important to me is the allegations have all taken place in the course and scope of the individual's duties as a U.S. Senator. This is not private, personal conduct. This is conduct that took place in public service, and many of the people involved are themselves Federal employees. So I think these allegations involve conduct about which a hearing must be held and a decision must be made.  Is it acceptable? Is it not? If it is not, to what degree? I think issues revolving around sexual misconduct are issues that need to see the clarity of day and the openness of probing questions, and their resolution. So I am very proud to support my colleague from California and to stand and say that I believe her motives were of the highest. And I am hopeful that this body will conclude the process as rapidly as possible.  