  People who ask questions.  People who take an active role.  People who can make a difference.  People who would become U.S. Senators.  I believe that it is fair to say that the League of Women Voters, not alone, but with others, has served as the backbone, a sort of grassroots engine moving women forward, not only as activists, but as leaders.  The league was founded in 1920 at the Chicago convention of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, 6 months prior to passage of the 19th amendment granting women the right to vote. On the eve of its establishment, Carrie Chapman Catt, its founder said:       Winning the vote is only the opening wedge, but to learn to      use it is a bigger task.  And thus, for 75 years the league has been teaching its membership and all citizens how to use the power of the vote. The league fought to make candidate debates part of campaigning for elective office.  At the national level, it has educated and engaged women in the debate over foreign policy and organized the grassroots on domestic issues--the equal rights amendment, the Voting Rights Act, voter registration reform, and campaign reform to name a few.  At the local level, the league has served to educate the electorate about important public policy issues by sponsoring forums for candidate debates, and providing guides to the issues on the ballot, and more.  In the February 1995, issue of ``Today's Voter'' a newsletter put out by the League of Women Voters of San Bernadino, CA, the organization's president, Jan Green, said there are four kinds of bones:  She said, and I quote:       The body of a club or group is made of four kinds of bones:      the wishbones, who spend all their time wishing someone would      do all the work; the jawbones, who do all the talking but      very little else; the knucklebones who knock everything that      everybody else tries to do; and the backbones who get under      the load and do the work as they enjoy the fun of fellowship      that come with it.  These words were obviously prodding the membership of the organization toward greater participation in the work of the league. But I believe that these words provide something even more for both elected officials and the electorate.  For elected officials, it is a call for quality representation. Leadership not filled with a lot of talk--political rhetoric on partisan bickering. It is a call for leadership that respects the political process, and the institutions that have served this country well for over  [[Page S2645]] 200 years and hopefully long in the future.  For the electorate, it is a call to greater engagement in the political process and the decisions that will shape our future. To go beyond the surface of soundbites and look deeper to the heart of the issues. And most importantly, to vote on election day.  While the influence of the League of Women Voters in shaping the role of women in politics cannot be overstated, I believe their role in the coming years will be equally as important, if not more important. Important victories have been won for women, in terms of the number of elected officials at the national, State, and local levels, and in terms of the legislative victories that have resulted.  In this session, alone critical issues for women are on the table--research for women's health, reproductive choice, welfare reform, and equal opportunity to name a few. The role of the league becomes vital in preserving those gains, whether it be by energizing women voters on election day or galvanizing their forces behind important issues on the legislative agenda.  I want to thank the League of Women Voters for the valuable work it has done for 75 years and for it continued work on issues important to women, in particular, and the electorate at-large.  Thank you, Mr. President.the 75th anniversary of the league of women voters of the united states  