 President, I want to address an issue of tremendous importance to our Nation. It does not involve the arcane details of the Federal budget, but does touch directly the lives of every one of our citizens.  Mr. President, it is the issue of personal safety. It is the issue of reducing crime on our streets by imposing swift and appropriately strong punishment on those who prey on our streets.  Last June, I spoke to my colleagues in support of the habeas corpus provisions included in the anti-terrorism bill. I think it is unfortunate that I must say again, five months later, that habeas corpus reform is still needed, now, just as much as it was then, in the immediate aftermath of the tragic and reprehensible bombing in Oklahoma City.  Habeas corpus reform is still needed because our streets are still unsafe and those who commit the most heinous crimes still abuse the court system to prevent their sentences from being carried out.  It is needed because swift punishment--including the death penalty where appropriate--is critical in our efforts to ensure the personal safety of all of our citizens.  It is needed because the deterrent effect of the death penalty is weakened when it cannot be imposed swiftly after a verdict has been reached in a fair trial.  Mr. President, habeas corpus reform is needed because since the death penalty was reinstated in California in 1978, more prisoners on death row have died of natural causes than have been executed.  Let no one doubt the magnitude of this problem. For example, in California there are currently 428 convicted criminals on death row--that is 18 more than when I last spoke to the Senate on the immediate need for habeas reform.  This problem is not unique to California, however. According to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, during the year ending June 30, 1995, there were 14,637 prisoner petitions for habeas corpus review in U.S. district courts alone. 156 of these cases were death penalty cases.  On June 7, on the same day the Senate overwhelmingly passed habeas corpus reform as part of the anti-terrorism bill, the longest serving member of California's death row population, Andrew E. Robertson, marked the 17th anniversary of his incarceration. Five months later, he still avoids punishment. Mr. President, that is unconscionable.  Another case deserves scrutiny as well. Seventeen years ago, Keith Daniel Williams was convicted of fatally shooting Miguel and Salvadore Vargas and Lourdes Meza in Merced, CA while stealing a $1,500 check that he and his friends had used to buy a car from Miguel Vargas.  Williams was found guilty of planning the killings and, after shooting the two men, raping Lourdes Meza in the back of the car before shooting her and leaving her naked body in a field.  This vicious killer told a psychiatrist that after one of his accomplices broke down when Williams had ordered him to shoot the woman, Williams intended to kill him, too, but decided not to when, and I quote, ``the dude started sniveling and crying.''  Keith Daniel Williams admitted killing these three innocent people, but 18 years of courtroom maneuverings have kept this cold-blooded murderer from receiving the punishment he deserves for his horrible crimes.  Just last spring, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said Williams was not denied a fair trial by the actions of his lawyer--who failed to hire a psychiatrist, obtain Williams' medical records or present any favorable evidence at the penalty phase.  Following this decision, his lawyer said he would seek a rehearing before an 11-judge panel and, if that failed to stop the execution, appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. According to California's Deputy Attorney General, those appeals could take a year to 18 months, even if no new hearings are granted.  A newspaper article on this case published 7-months ago was titled, ``Triple Killer a Step Closer to Execution''. Mr. President, that final step may take another year. That is just plain wrong.  Sadly, there are many other cases similar to the one I just described and their crimes are among the most horrific imaginable. I will not burden my colleagues with the gruesome details, but I do believe the Senate, and the American people, need to know of the abuse of the legal system by individuals convicted in courts of law for the most vile and violent crimes and I think it necessary to mention one more example.  Bernard Hamilton murdered a woman--the mother of two boys, one of whom was only 3 weeks old--in San Diego in May 1979. His victim disappeared on her way to class. She was last seen in her van in the parking lot of the school she attended.  Her body was later found with the head and hands removed; they have never been recovered. The body was clothed only in bra, underpants, and socks.  Bernard Hamilton was arrested in Oklahoma in possession of his victim's van and had been using her credit cards. He was convicted of first degree murder for this brutal crime.  After his first State habeas petition was denied he went to Federal court and last year two judges on the 9th Circuit ordered the sentence vacated on a claim that was rejected by six Justices on the California Supreme Court and one dissenting judge on the 9th Circuit.  This cold-blooded killer is now in the midst of a new penalty trial--more than 16 years after the murder.  To add insult to injury, Hamilton represented himself at his penalty retrial and blamed the victim's husband, who never recovered emotionally from the death of his wife before his own death last year.  For the victims of the kind of violent crimes I've just described, justice will not fully have been done until those responsible have been tried, convicted and the death penalty imposed and swiftly carried out.  I am very pleased to say that the habeas provision included in the bill currently under consideration by the Senate is designed to do just that. The habeas corpus provision is identical to those included in the anti-terrorism bill passed the Senate by a vote of 91 to 8 last June, and one I believe which strikes an appropriate balance between the need to assure due process to those convicted of both capital and non-capital crimes and the need of any rational judicial system to bring cases to closure.  Indeed, Mr. President, that is particularly important not only the integrity of our judicial system, but for the victims of capital cases.  Most importantly, Mr. President, this bill provides habeas petitioners with ``one bite at the apple.'' It assures that no one convicted of a capital crime will be barred from seeking habeas relief in Federal court, and appropriately limits second and subsequent habeas appeals to narrow and suitable circumstances.  Furthermore, Mr. President, the bill requires States which provide for counsel that habeas appeals must be filed within 6 months of when a State prisoner's conviction becomes final, or in States where standard for the adequacy of counsel are not adopted, such appeals must be filed within 1 year.  Third, Mr. President, time limits are also imposed upon courts. The bill requires that Federal courts must act promptly on habeas appeals and establishes a mechanism by which courts of appeals will screen habeas petitions before they are permitted to go to a Federal District Court for resolution.  Finally, Mr. President, unlike the crime bill proposals that I and the Nation's law enforcement officials opposed two years ago, this bill does not dictate to the States precisely what counsel competency standards are adopted. Rather, it properly provides states with an incentive to formulate their own plans by making expedited time tables I have just described available for states to do so.  Mr. President, the time for habeas corpus reform is long overdue. Too many of our streets are dangerous, too many of our citizens are scared, too many of our courts are clogged with endless, meritless prisoner appeals. I urge my colleagues to support the habeas corpus reform provisions in this bill.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gorton). The question is on the engrossment of the amendment and third reading of the bill.  The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time.  The bill was read a third time.  