 President, I rise in opposition to sections 103 to 105 of the Commerce Justice State appropriations bill. These sections would further undermine the constitutional right to an abortion.  The right to an abortion was first articulated by the Supreme Court in the 1973 Roe versus Wade decision. This decision balanced the interests of protecting the fetus with the important interests of the mother, establishing a trimester system under which the right to choice in this country was delineated. Subsequent decisions have held that the Government may not place an undue burden on the woman's right, prior to fetal viability, to make a decision whether or not to have an abortion.  There is no right to choose without access to choice. Restricting women's choice on these appropriations bills, and on other unrelated legislation, is a circumspect, back-door approach to prohibiting abortions.  For women who cannot afford an abortion on their own, for poor women, this back-door approach to limiting abortions is just one more step to a back alley abortion.  The many efforts to undercut the constitutional right to an abortion in this Congress, and earlier Congresses, have been documented by the National Abortion Rights Action League in their publication, ``The Road to the Back Alley.'' I recommend that interested individuals consult this publication.  Efforts to undercut a woman's right to choose have included:  Blanket restrictions on Federal funding for abortions. As an alternative to unsuccessful congressional efforts to prohibit abortion outright, abortion opponents have worked to ban the use of Federal funds to pay for abortions. These restrictions, popularly referred to as ``Hyde amendments,'' have been attached to appropriations bills ever since Roe Versus Wade. The most recent of such measures was Representative Istook's amendment to give States the option of not providing funds to Medicaid recipients in cases of rape and incest.  Banning U.S. aid to international family planning groups performing abortions or abortion counseling. In June, the House approved an amendment to a foreign affairs bill that would ban U.S. aid to any international organizations that perform abortions, counsel women on abortions, or lobby on abortion issues.  Prohibiting health insurance companies from paying for abortions for Federal employees. On July 19, the House approved reinstatement of legislation prohibiting the Federal Employees Health Insurance Program from paying for abortions, except when a woman's life is in danger. The Senate approved similar language on August 4, with exceptions for rape and incest.  Barring abortions at military hospitals, even when paid for privately. On June 16, the House voted to restore a ban President Clinton had lifted against privately funded abortions in overseas military hospitals.  Prohibiting certain types of late-term abortions. On July 18, the House Judiciary Committee reported legislation that would make it a crime for doctors to perform a late-term abortion procedure called intact D&E. This procedure is extremely rare, and almost exclusively limited to cases in which tragic fetal deformities have been detected.   This is only a partial list of the back-door assaults on a woman's right to choose. The proposed language is just one more step in the long line of rollbacks on women's reproductive freedoms. I urge my colleagues to strike this language from the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill.  