  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I rise to express my deep disappointment with how little funding was restored by the conferees to native American programs in H.R. 1977, the fiscal year 1996 appropriations bill for Interior and related agencies.  During our consideration of the bill in August, the Senate rejected a Domenici-McCain-Inouye amendment to restore $200 million to address what I believed was a draconian cut in funding for tribal governments. I say ``draconian'' because I know no other word to describe a cut that would have reduced last year's tribal funding by more than 25 percent. I withheld from offering further floor amendments after the chairman of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee assured me on the floor of this Senate that he would support significant restorations to these tribal accounts in conference.  Mr. President, we now have before us the results of the conference committee's action. While I appreciate the sincere efforts of the members of the conference committee, I do not consider the amounts restored to tribal accounts significant enough. The conference bill maintains disproportionately deep cuts in critical funding needed for essential services on Indian Reservations. I believe the funding priorities reflected in this bill breach our Nation's treaty obligations to tribal governments.  The conference bill provides $654 million for tribal priority allocations, nearly a 9\1/2\-percent cut from the fiscal year 1995 funding level of $722 million. This nine and one-half percent reduction will gut basic tribal government operations on Reservations, where the spending priorities are set by tribally elected officials, not Federal bureaucrats or Members of Congress who are far removed from reservation realities. Let me be clear--the tribal funds slashed by 9\1/2\-percent under this bill are under the direct control of tribal governments, not Federal bureaucrats. These cuts will not reduce the Federal bureaucracy. They will, however, sharply reduce tribal services and employment on Indian reservations.  Tribes have used these funds to deliver critically needed services to Reservation residents, such as criminal law enforcement and public safety efforts, elderly housing improvement and repair, child abuse protection and intervention services, adult vocational training, natural resource protection, child welfare and family services, land management, reservation road maintenance, administrative support activities, and other essential tribal government programs and operations. Tribal governments spend these funds on social workers, police officers, teachers, jailers, bookkeepers, and auditors. They make emergency home repairs. They fight fires. They clear and maintain roadways. They patrol land and water to deter poaching and to protect natural resources. Tribes rely on these funds to meet basic governmental obligations to their citizens.  In addition to the elimination of many essential services, these cuts will cause many reservation jobs to disappear. Since many reservations are in remote and impoverished locations with unemployment rates 10 to 20 times the national rate, tribal governments typically are the largest, and often the only, employers in Indian Country. Consequently, the 9\1/2\-percent cut in tribal funding from fiscal year 1995 levels will cause great hardship for many Indian households whose breadwinners will have no choice other than to move away from their reservation communities to seek employment.  Mr. President, the American people have spoken--they don't want new taxes, they don't want the Federal Government to grow, and they don't want deficit spending today that will make their children, and their children's children, pay and pay for years to come. I stand with those of us in the Senate who say enough is enough, that Federal funding must be reduced, not just restrained.  My problem with the Interior spending bill is not with its overall reductions. My problem is with how the conferees set their priorities within the overall reductions. Earlier this year I asked the Congressional Research Service to analyze Federal spending trends on programs for American Indians and Alaska Natives over the past 20 years, and compare it to Federal spending for other Americans. The CRS found a steadily growing gap between what the Federal Government spends on Indians and non-Indians that began to widen in 1985. Since 1985, per capita Federal spending for Indians has fallen far behind per capita Federal spending on non-Indians. I am convinced there are many accounts in the Interior bill which are significantly lower national priorities than these tribal programs. Funding for these lesser priorities should have been reduced or eliminated in order to protect Indian funding.  My position on this is consistent with the Budget Resolution, which recommended to the Appropriations Committees that Indian program funding be held at 1995 levels and that the necessary reductions in budget authority be taken from other accounts. The conference committee chose to disregard these priorities and instead made Indian programs within the Interior Department bear a strikingly disproportionate share of the cuts.  Mr. President, many years ago, our predecessors in the U.S. Senate ratified treaties made with tribal governments in exchange for land and peace. The U.S. Constitution calls these treaties the highest law of our land. Neither the passage of time nor the changing of the guard has eroded our legal obligations as a Nation towards Native Americans. In my view, H.R. 1977 turns our national priorities upside-down, and places a stain on our national honor.  Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against adoption of H.R. 1977, as proposed by the conference committee, because it seriously shortchanges Indian tribes and violates our Nation's treaty obligations to Native Americans.  Mr. President, traditionally the Interior appropriations bill has been loaded with ear marks. Although this year's bill represents an improvement over past year's bills, it still contains many items that raise questions.  I want to state that these questions should not be interpreted in any way as to call into question the integrity of the bill's managers. I know they have worked hard and deserve much credit for the work they have done. But as I have routinely stated on the floor of the Senate, when earmarks and other specific provisions that have never been considered by either the full House or Senate are added to bills in conference then my right as a Senator to amend those provisions is denied me. That is wrong. The people of Arizona expect me to act to prevent their hard-earned tax dollars from being sent to Washington and then squandered on projects that have never seen the light of day. That is why I raise these issues.  First, let me note my strong concern regarding this legislation's treatment of native Americans.  I also want to raise some other issues I would hope the managers would elaborate on.  Amendment No. 2 in the conference report contains the following earmark:  ``Of which $2,000,000 shall be available for assessment of the mineral potential of public lands in Alaska pursuant to P.L. 96-487 . . .''  Perhaps the Senator from Washington could explain the necessity for this provision being added in conference?  I would like to know why is this provision being added in conference having not been considered by either body in an amendable form?  Is there any reason this provision could not wait to be added to some authorizing language?  I say to the Senator from Washington that it is terribly aggravating to those of us who represent the citizens of our State who find these provisions added in a conference report because they are not amendable, nor do we have the opportunity to vote up or down.  Amendment No. 47 is particularly interesting. The House language originally was one sentence:  ``For expenses necessary for the orderly closure of the Bureau of Mines, $87,000,000.''  The Senate struck that language and added a paragraph with more specifics.  However, the conference report now contains a long list of specific provisions detailing office closures and transfers in specific cities and locations. I am very concerned about these new details, added behind closed door, that I am now expected to vote on. The language notes certain office in Pennsylvania and Oregon.  I would like the managers of this bill to explain the meaning and purpose of this large amendment.  Amendment No. 84 deals with the Presidio. It is my understanding that this historic old Army base has been ordered closed as a result of the BRAC process. However, this bill contains language appropriating funds to keep this facility, or at least parts of this facility open. The committee also notes that separate legislation detailing the future of the Presidio may be considered by the Congress later this or next year.  Based on that fact, why are we appropriating funds for the Presidio at this time?  I am very concerned about the creation of the Presidio trust fund. In Arizona we closed Williams Air Force Base. We have not--nor do I think there will ever be created--a Williams trust fund. This is an issue that deserves much consideration and debate. I would hope that we would not be paving the road for the creation of the trust fund in this bill.  Therefore, I want to ask the question, if such funds must be appropriated, should they not be subject to authorization or to passage of the Presidio trust fund bill?  I also have questions regarding amendments Nos. 101 and 104. These   amendments apparently place an across-the-board prohibition on the Forest Service. After the bill mandates this sweeping prohibition, it contains one specific exception to this new rule. The language added in conference states, ``* * * other than the Regional Office for Region 5 for the Forest Service, from San Francisco to excess military property at Mare Island, Vallejo, California.'' Perhaps the managers can explain this unique exception.  I think, if I could seek the answers to those questions from the manager of the bill, I might have a better understanding of this conference report.  Mr. Gorton addressed the Chair.  