  Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the committee amendment. I urge my colleagues to strike the committee language to ensure truthful labeling of poultry and poultry products.  Let me say first that the committee language in the fiscal year 1996 agriculture appropriations bill flies in the face of the consumer. It prevents the Department of Agriculture from implementing a new and commonsense regulation on what poultry products can be labeled as ``fresh.''  I might parenthetically say I never thought when I came to the U.S. Senate we would be debating this on the floor.  Be that as it is, I must say, Mr. President, I find it astonishing that any business engaged in the processing of food products can call something ``fresh'' when it has been frozen as hard as a rock. The whole thrust of Federal food labeling over the past several decades has been to provide consumers with accurate information about the quality and contents of the food they buy.  Existing departmental guidelines regarding poultry are really wrong. They allow consumers to be deceived into thinking they are choosing between two equally attractive pieces of poultry, when in fact one has been frozen to zero degrees and then thawed, while the other has never been frozen at all.  The consumer has a right to know if a chicken has been previously frozen. If it has, then it is not fresh.  The new Department of Agriculture Food and Safety Inspection Service rule, which is scheduled to take effect next year, ensures that the labeling corresponds with reality.  The new rule sets three labeling categories: First, poultry products which have never been chilled below poultry's freezing level of 26 degrees may be labeled as fresh. Second, hard chilled: Poultry products which have been chilled below 26 degrees but above zero degrees must be labeled as hard chilled. Third, frozen: Poultry products which have been chilled at zero degrees or below must be labeled as frozen or previously frozen.  It makes sense. However, until this new rule goes into effect, the poultry industry can use the term ``fresh'' on poultry that has been chilled down to zero degrees. In practice, this means that chicken and turkeys are being labeled and sold as fresh when, in fact, they have been frozen rock solid.  For example, in California, Foster Farms and Zacky Foods, among others, sell fresh chicken, while previously frozen chicken shipped in from Southern producers can also bear the ``fresh'' label.  In the Washington, DC, market, Perdue Farms sells fresh chicken, but   labeling does not tell consumers that Tyson and Wampler chickens have been frozen.  Similarly, while Farmers Pride in Pennsylvania, Plainsville Farms in New York, and Sunset Acres Farm in Maine sell fresh poultry, their competitors who sell previously frozen poultry can also use the ``fresh'' label.  This situation makes a mockery of the label and misinforms consumers about the actual freshness of the product.  This most certainly is not reasonable, and it does not meet the expectations of today's consumers.  According to a telephone survey conducted by ICR Survey Research Group in June 1994, the vast majority--75 percent--of the public does not think chicken which has been shipped or stored below 26 degrees should be called ``fresh.''  The vast majority of the public questioned, 86 percent, said it was inappropriate to label as ``fresh'' chicken which has been stored below 26 degrees and then thawed out.  Four out of five consumers, 81 percent, said yes there is a difference between chicken which has never been frozen and chicken which has been frozen and thawed out.  By a margin of five to one, those questioned rated ``never frozen'' chicken as superior to chicken which had been ``previously frozen.''  That is the rub. Clearly, the consumer, if possible, would prefer to buy fresh chicken.  According to the Department of Agriculture, once food is thawed, when it is refrozen there may be a loss of quality due to high loss of moisture. Consumers certainly think so.  Consumers have a preference for fresh poultry and--this is the rub, as well--they are willing to pay a higher price for it. They should be getting, we think, what they are paying for.  As in many issues of national importance, California has taken the lead on truthful labeling of poultry products. In 1993, California enacted a law restricting the use of the term ``fresh'' on labels of poultry that have been chilled at or below 25 degrees and to allow the use of the term ``fresh'' only on poultry that has been kept above 25 degrees. However, the court subsequently ruled that California law was preempted by Federal law, which prohibits States from imposing labeling requirements that are different from, or in addition to, the Federal requirements.  California is preempted, even though California says what is fresh is fresh, and what is frozen is frozen, and never the twain will meet, and we will show you with our law. Bingo--they are preempted by the Federal Government.  In response to the consumers' continued demand for truthful labeling, the U.S. Department of Agriculture accepted its responsibility, and after a 15-month rulemaking process, the Department is prepared to implement truthful labeling.  The Department of Agriculture's new poultry labeling rule, we believe, is reasonable and fair to both consumers and the poultry industry. Not only does it ensure truthful labeling of fresh poultry and protect the consumers' right to know, it provides a new category of ``hard chilled'' and gives the industry 1 year to comply, allowing ample time to use up inventories of existing labels and make the necessary changes.  Accurate and truthful labeling is strongly supported by national consumer groups--the National Consumer League, the Public Voice for Food and Health Policy, and the Consumer Federation of America.  The committee language, on the other hand, will prohibit the Department from proceeding with its own order.  Unless the Department of Agriculture is permitted to implement its new poultry labeling rule, frozen poultry products will continue to be falsely labeled.  We do not allow fish which has been frozen to be labeled as fresh. We should not allow poultry to be mislabeled, either.  Let us, Mr. President, make the Federal Government be honest about what is fresh and what is frozen. Otherwise, we face the prospect of allowing the American public to be conned into going to Antarctica to lie on the beach.  I yield the remainder of my time to the Senator from California.  