 President, I would like to speak this afternoon as one of the seven Democrats who voted for the continuing resolution, House Joint Resolution 122, which passed the Senate on Friday.  Essentially, as has been stated, this resolution provided what we have all wanted, a clean continuing resolution. In its third title, it said the Congress and the President, ``shall enact a balanced budget by the year 2002 which is balanced.'' I believe a balanced budget is something that a majority of this body supports--perhaps it draws more support on your side of the aisle, Mr. President, than on our side, but a balanced budget draws support from our side of the aisle as well.  It is my understanding this continuing resolution has not yet gone to the President--in fact, that it is still in the enrolling clerk's office of the Senate. It is my hope that this resolution would go to the President for his signature. I would like to take a few minutes and explain why I think it is important that he do the statesmanlike thing, and sign this resolution, put Government back to work, call the parties together, and begin to negotiate on what is really the heart of the debate--the reconciliation bill.  As long as we keep Government shut down over the absence of a continuing resolution, essentially all we are doing is talking about the size and shape of the table.  Now, there are those who would say, oh, that is not correct because, inherent in the continuing resolution is a very important point. The Congressional Budget Office provides the economic and technical data which enables one to judge the revenues with which one would be able to balance the budget. In fact, many people believe that regardless of whether you use the Office of Management and Budget or the Congressional Budget Office estimates, both will in fact be off and perhaps by some significant amount. The differences could translate into billions of dollars, so it is a significant issue.  But we have to keep our eyes focused on the economy. I know in California, for the first time in several years, revenues have begun to move ahead, some $700 million, ahead of estimates in this quarter of the year for the State of California. That is a good omen. It means that perhaps the economy will move ahead at a higher level than has been anticipated. The CBO's estimates then could be amended.  For me, it is not a big difference because I think the economic projections will be amended, and they will be figured into the base of the future years as we move along. But I think what is important is that we put an end to what is taking place now because it has gone on now for 5 days and is in fact beginning to hurt people. There are small businesses in my State that are contractors with the EPA or with Defense that are now laying off employees. There are 60,000 Head Start youngsters that now may not be able to attend school.  I listened to Senator Stevens quite eloquently outline on the floor of this body yesterday afternoon the impact that this shutdown is beginning to have on the military. He pointed out that in just a matter of a week, there will be no fuel. He pointed out that already people beginning to move on military leave to go home for Thanksgiving are being stopped; that there is no money being paid for many kinds of duties that the military must carry out.  We know what is happening with our national parks. The Senator from Arizona very eloquently stated the conditions at the Grand Canyon. At Yosemite National Park, I can tell you that $22,000 a day is unable to be taken in because it is closed.  We know that the Securities and Exchange Commission is unable to collect higher filing fees for stocks and bonds because we have no appropriation bill in place, and that has cost United States taxpayers about $10 million on the first day of this stalemate.  Then there are the hundreds of thousands of employees that have their house payments, their car payments and additional real facts of life that they have to be able to carry out to exist. This dispute has gone on long enough and we can simply put an end to it.  Another course is to bring back the earlier continuing resolution, move for its reconsideration, amend it, and then send it to the President. The President should be given the opportunity to sign a clean continuing resolution.  Let me tell you why I think it is important that the President of the United States make a statement agreeing with the 7-year balanced budget. Let me clarify, I do not believe I am alone on this side of the aisle. Each week, I have a group of constituents for breakfast, and I give them a small handout. It is not blown up and it is not fancy, but it is useful information and I would like to try to explain it here.  One pie chart represents 1969 Federal outlays, and the other represents 1995 Federal outlays. So there is a 26-year interval between the two charts.  In 1969, military outlays were 44.9 percent of all Federal outlays. Today, 26 years later, we see they are just 16.6 percent of all Federal outlays.  We see where discretionary spending in 1969 was 21 percent of all Federal outlays. Today, it has dropped to 17 percent.  Now I would like to turn to net interest on the debt, not gross interest, but net interest, which in 1969 represented 6.9 percent. Today, net interest is 14.5 percent of Federal outlays. So, in 26 years, net interest on the debt has doubled as a share of Federal outlays.  We also see the major problem. We see entitlements at 26.9 percent of all Federal outlays in 1969 now exceeding the military budget, to 51.8 percent. So that today, in 1995, in terms of Federal outlay dollars, 66 percent of those dollars comprise entitlements and net interest on the debt.  What has been predicted is that in the next 20 years, absent an effort to balance the budget, entitlements and net interest will absorb all of that, leaving a crushing burden of debt on those who follow us.  That is really the message of why a balanced budget is so important, and why a 7-year balanced budget, I believe can be reached.  In the reconciliation bill, once we get to it, we have to resolve conflicting priorities, and I think that is where there are differences on both sides of the aisle. But, I believe those differences can be met.  I listened to Senator Chafee, whom I greatly respect, speak yesterday afternoon on this floor on some of the changes that could be made in Medicare. I happen to agree with the Republican premium levels on Medicare. I also happen to strongly disagree with the Republicans on what they have done with quality care involving the poorest Medicare recipients and the abolition of the Medicaid Program that would allow the poorest seniors to be able to pay their Medicare premiums and copayments through Medicaid.  That is a point of difference. But I think reasonable people can sit down at the table and solve these problems, particularly if the majority is willing to delay a tax decrease.  Many of us find egregious the fact----  