 President, throughout the welfare debate it has often been stated that people closest to the problem know how to best deal with it.  In fact, many States assign administration of Federal welfare programs to counties. As a former mayor, and a former county supervisor, that certainly is the case in California.  Many of the innovations and successes currently under discussion have been initiated at the local level. In my earlier remarks on welfare reform, I mentioned several of them--initiatives made by counties to put people to work, to devise programs to really run their programs with efficiency, and appropriate for their local communities.  This amendment affirms that there will be no limitation on the ability of a State to conduct innovative and effective demonstration projects in one or more of its political subdivisions.  It empowers the Secretary of Health and Human Services to jointly negotiate with any county or group of counties having a population greater than 500,000 to conduct a demonstration project where the county would have the authority and duty to administer the operation of the welfare program covered by this bill.  In essence, what it is saying, for large counties, or a group of small counties, like in Wisconsin for example, the Secretary would have the authority to be able to negotiate so that the grant would go directly from Washington to the counties.  What does this mean? It means you take the State out of it. Why do I want to take the State out of it? Because I know what States do. They charge a cost, they set up a bureaucracy, and therefore a portion of the money will end up in the State. The State can often not send that money to the counties, or find a reason not to send it, and even use it for other purposes.  So in this amendment, the State in which the demonstration county is located would pass directly to the county the portion of the grant determined by the State as attributable to the residents of that county.  The duration of the demonstration project is 5 years, after which time the Secretary is directed to report to the Congress on the description, rules, and innovations initiated under the project. Essentially, the block grants of the large counties could go directly to the counties, thereby I believe, based on my experience, it would save money and be more efficiently used.  This was in the bill, my understanding is, as it was originally drafted, and it was removed. We would by this amendment place it back. It is similar to an amendment which was in the prior Daschle bill.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  