 President, I rise today in support of the international space station and in opposition to the amendment offered by my colleague, Senator Bumpers. The space station is not only a valuable scientific program, but it is a symbol of our Nation's commitment to investing in the future.  More than a quarter of a century ago, the most awe-inspiring words were uttered by Neil Armstrong, ``That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.'' Those words, delivered from the Moon's surface when the Apollo 11 lunar module landed in 1969, resounded around the globe. Each and every American whose ears were graced with that message, was filled with pride and honor.  That day in our past served as an inspiration. It showcased the technological leadership of the United States, the great will of the American people, and the courage of our space pioneers which combined to produce a defining moment in history. That mission set the stage for several other Apollo missions which sent astronauts to the Moon. It served as a precursor to Skylab, the first U.S. space station, launched in the early 1970's. And, it led the way for the space shuttle program.  With each mission, we learn more and more about life sciences, materials sciences, Earth sciences, engineering research and technology, and commercial development. Also with each new mission we explore the unknown and make discoveries that ultimately help improve life here on Earth.  The international space station will have a laboratory to conduct experiments and do research on a wide variety of subjects. Astronauts will be able to conduct long-duration microgravity investigations, which will allow scientists to look deeper into the mechanics of cell functions, combustion, liquid behavior, crystallization, and electro-magnetics. In addition, research that would take place on the space station could lead to cures for life-threatening diseases, lower pharmaceutical costs, and better prepare astronauts for the rigors of space travel.  Opponents of the space station argue that these justifications for the space station cannot hold up to scrutiny. They suggest that economic and scientific spinoffs are not applicable for life here on Earth. In fact, the opposite is true. Scientific research and experiments conducted on the international space station do have real life applications here on Earth. Space-based research has led to a variety of innovations and technological advances that have, and continue to benefit people every day. Included among them are: Long-distance telephone networks; international TV broadcasts; car chassis and brake designs; heart monitors for ambulances; structural designs for bridges; laser surgery in hospitals; programmable pacemakers; navigational systems for airplanes; and long-range weather forecasting--just to name a few.  Research conducted on the space station will have other important applications in the lives of average Americans. In the biotechnology field, scientists on the international space station will conduct research on tissue culture studies to gain knowledge of normal and cancerous tissue development and to discover treatments and cures to diseases. They will also study protein crystal growth to design pharmaceuticals which block proteins which could lead to the development of an AIDS vaccine or cure. Additionally, research on droplet/pool burning will help improve understanding of fire propagation for improved fire safety.  The field of fluid physics will also benefit. Scientists will conduct research on interface dynamics to improve industrial films and coatings, oil spill recovery techniques, tracking of ground water contaminants, and processing of semiconductor crystals. At the same time, their research will cover cloud formation microphysics, which is useful to meteorologists for improved weather predictions.  Scientists will study electronic materials to investigate the vapor phase of crystal growth. This will help produce much higher efficiency and density optoelectronics for the communications industry. Also, epitaxy liquid phase molecular and beam vapor phase will be studied to evaluate high speed switching devices and high density memory. This will help to produce smaller, more affordable super computers.  Scientists will also study environmental health to develop improved air and water quality sensors, analyzers, and filtering devices. In addition, they will examine automated microbiology systems which enhance identification of bacteria population. They will conduct engineering research and technology development to support enhanced designs for firefighting suits, toxic waste cleanup suits, and deep sea divers equipment.  It is clear that scientific research and experiments like those listed above have real life applications here on Earth. At the same time, investments in space create valuable economic returns as well. Each dollar invested in space programs yields up to $9 in new products, technologies, and processes here at home.  The international space station program also generates more than 14,000 direct jobs--5,400 of them in my home State of California. Indirectly, 40,000 jobs nationwide have been created because of space station-related activities. At a time when the country--and California in particular--has been impacted by defense downsizing and base closures, the space station is an important source of economic activity. It is defense conversion at its best and creates new jobs for former defense and aerospace workers.  Aside from the enormous benefits to science, medical research, and technology, the space station helps to maintain U.S. leadership in space and enhances global competitiveness. It also serves as a source of inspiration and encouragement for our children, fostering the next generation of scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs.   As a powerful symbol of U.S. leadership in a changing world, the space station represents an international commitment. Our original international partners--Japan, Canada, and Europe--have already committed $9 billion to the space station program, and are counting on America's continued leadership in space.  Moreover, with the Russians added to the international partnership, the space station has proven to be a test bed for scientific research and technological development, while uniting former adversaries in peaceful cooperation. Just 6 years ago, this would have been unthinkable.  By asking Russia to join the international space station, the United States can channel the Russian aerospace industry into nonmilitary pursuits. This gives us more leverage to reduce the risk of nuclear proliferation and enhances the United States goals of private sector development and demilitarization in Russia. In addition, an international space station will use existing Russian space technology, capability, expertise, and hardware to build a better space station for less money.  In closing, I would like for you to imagine, if you would, had the early pioneers not forged west to explore the frontier. If, for instance, in 1803 the Louisiana Purchase had not been completed for $15 million--which at that time was a large sum of money. The frontier purchased in that deal now includes 15 States and generates $200 billion in Federal taxes annually. The returns on that investment have more than paid for the original purchase.  Let us, for a moment, consider Alaska, which, in 1867, was purchased for $7.2 million. At the time it was purchased, Secretary of State Seward was derided and mocked for negotiating the terms with Russia. Now, we know that Alaska's oil reserves exceed $125 billion, and no one has stepped forward to suggest we reverse that transaction.  The United States must continue its exploration in space with the next logical step--a permanently staffed space station. The international space station will lead the world toward great advances in space exploration. At present, all of the returns on our investment in space have yet to reach fruition. We have yet to realize all the treasures that are held within the vast resources of space. We have learned, however, of its benefits to science and medical research. We know that it bolsters global competitiveness and U.S. leadership in space. We are also aware of its economic spinoffs, job creating capacity and source of inspiration to future generations. I am confident that this research will continue to exceed our imaginative grasp and reap real benefits that are applicable here on Earth.  For these reasons, I strongly support the international space station and urge my colleagues to oppose the Bumpers smendment.  