 President, I rise in support of an amendment that conveys the right, title and interest of the Naval Communications Station at Rough and Ready Island in Stockton, California, from the Navy to the Port of Stockton.  This conveyance is a win-win for California and the Navy. The transfer of this property will result in the creation of thousands of jobs in my state and further solidify the Stockton Ship Deepwater Channel as one of the premier international shipping hubs in California. In addition, the Navy will be able to reduce infrastructure that it no longer needs nor is able to maintain. But the Navy and the Port of Stockton support this amendment.  The Port of Stockton's Rough and Ready Island is located 75 nautical miles east of the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. The island consists of approximately 1,450 acres, of which roughly half is dedicated to general purpose warehousing.  Since 1944, Rough and Ready Island has been home to the Navy and played a prominent role in our nation's defense during war and peace alike. Currently Rough and Ready is the site of a U.S. Naval Communication Station (NAVCOMSTA). While the NAVCOMSTA will continue to maintain its presence on the island indefinitely, the Navy has made it clear that continued ownership of such a facility, with its considerable infrastructure, is not consistent with ongoing military realignment objectives.  In addition to the NAVCOMSTA, the Department of Defense houses its regional distribution center on the island. Other Federal agencies that lease space include the General Services Administration, the U.S. Postal Service, and the U.S. Border Patrol.  However, while part of Rough and Ready Island houses a number of Federal tenants, a significant percentage of the island has fallen in disrepair. If it is to be used to its fullest capacity, a number of improvements such as ameliorating and expanding the docks, deepening the waterways, and upgrading the railroad tracks are essential. The only private entity able and willing to adequately execute such an enormous effort is the Port of Stockton.  The Port of Stockton, which operates a 600 acre complex contiguous to Rough and Ready Island, is ready to assume the host position and make the necessary improvements. The Stockton Port District, which was formed in 1927, functions as a nonprofit municipal corporation and is empowered by the California Harbors and Navigation Code to acquire real property by grant or gift in order to promote Maritime and Commercial Interests.  The Port of Stockton is the local sponsor for the Stockton Ship Channel which is one of the busiest interior industrial water ways in the United States. Because it is the only deep-water cargo Port that handles bulk, between 3.5 million and 4 million tons of cargo travel through the Channel every year.  The Port of Stockton will receive the property through a public benefit conveyance. Further, the Port of Stockton has repeatedly offered to honor any long-term leases that are currently operative on Rough and Ready Island with the Navy, Federal agencies, and other tenants.  In addition to the benefits to the Navy, this land conveyance could also create thousands of new jobs in an area that has traditionally suffered from double digit unemployment.  Currently, Cost Plus, a major retailer, occupies 400,000 square foot of warehouse space of the Port of Stockton. Although the Port has received inquiries from other large businesses eager to establish distribution centers of similar size, it is unable to accommodate these requests because it simply does not have the space. The consolidation of Rough and Ready Island with the Port of Stockton will provide more opportunity to fulfill these requests for more space and in turn provide more jobs for the residents of the area.  The Port of Stockton estimates that in the long term, the potential for large and small businesses utilizing the expanded warehousing, a proposed 92,000 square foot boat storage complex and new dock facilities will result in as many as 2,000 new jobs in the area.  Mr. President, allowing the transfer of Rough and Ready Island is a good deal for California and good deal for the Navy. Not only does this transfer give the Navy an opportunity to relinquish itself of land that is in considerable need of improvement, but it will create economic opportunities for many Californians.  I thank my colleagues for supporting this amendment.  