  Before I go on, I just want to say I am fully aware that the majority leader and the Senator from Arizona could have proceeded on this issue. Clearly they have the votes. I think the fact that they negotiated with those of us who had concerns about the way in which the resolution was worded is very significant and important, and I must say I believe that is why the American people sent us here and how they expect us to work.  And so to the Senator from Arizona, I would like to offer my deepest respect and thanks for the process which I think worked very well, and I think we now have a bill which can bring about the broadest and I hope even unanimous consensus of this body.  Madam President, I think we all must recognize that Jerusalem is a city of vital importance to people all over the world--not just Israel, not just Arab peoples, but people all over the world. Its layers of history and importance are symbolized best perhaps by the Temple Mount where the Dome of the Rock and the El-Aqsa Mosque, shrines holy to Moslems, sit atop the remains of the Temple of Solomon, while down below Jews worship at the Western Wall, the last remnant of that temple.  One can stand in the Old City and hear simultaneously the Moslem call to prayer from the minarets of the mosques, the sounds of the Torah being read down by the Western Wall, and church bells ringing in the distance. It is truly a special city, and Israel is fortunate to call Jerusalem its capital.  The bill we will pass today, as modified by the leader and the Senator from Arizona, is a good bill, and I believe it is one the President can sign. We worked hard Friday and again yesterday to produce a compromise that protects the President's prerogatives to conduct foreign policy. This was a crucial point because without these protections there was a good chance that this bill would be vetoed, which would be a tragic outcome.  Under our compromise, the President would have to establish that it is in the national security interests of the United States to postpone establishing the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem in 1999. This is a tough but fair standard for any President to meet. As I said yesterday, it is my belief that if a successful conclusion to the Middle East peace process could be imperiled by the implementation of this act, then the President would be able to invoke the waiver on national security grounds. I am sure that many of my colleagues agree. But the inclusion of the waiver should not obscure the achievement reached by this bill.  For the first time ever, Congress will pass legislation that will mandate moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, and I believe the President will sign it. This represents a major advance in our cause of moving the Embassy. And through this message we will send word that Israel, like every country in the world, has the sovereign right to designate its capital and to have that capital recognized by the nations of the world.  I congratulate my colleagues on this achievement, and I look forward to it passing with overwhelming support.  