 President, my colleague from Idaho took the words right out of my mouth. I think he is exactly right in his interpretation of this section. The barrier for entry is clearly done away with by this section. Nothing Senator Kempthorne or I would do would change that. What we do change, however, is simply delete the ability of a remote technical commission to overturn a city decision and create an enormous hassle for cities all across this Nation.  I would like to just give you the exact wording of what the city attorney of Los Angeles said this section does. He says:       It proposes sweeping review powers for the FCC and, in      effect, converts a Federal administrative agency into a      Federal administrative court. The FCC literally would have      the power to review any local government action it wishes,      either on its own or at the request of the industry.       A Federal agency, with personnel who do not directly      respond to the public, will be dictating in fine detail what      rules local government and their citizens across the country      shall have to follow. The FCC would be [[Page S8175]] given      plenary power to decide what actions of local government are      ``inconsistent with'' the very broad provisions in the bill      and, without further review, hold the authority to nullify or      preempt state and local governmental actions. That is an      unprecedented and far-reaching authority for a Federal agency      to have over local government.  I could not agree more. Senator Kempthorne and I were both mayors at one time and we both understand that every city has different needs when it comes to cable television.  I remember as the mayor of San Francisco when Viacom came into the city. It wired just the affluent sections of the city. It refused to wire the poorer areas of the city. Unless local government had the right to require that kind of wiring, it was not going to be done at all. That is just one small area with which I think everyone can identify.  But when it comes to the rights-of-way and what is under city streets, the city must be in the position to set rules and regulations by which its street can be cut. This preemption gives the FCC the right to simply waive any local rulemaking and say that is not going to be the case. It gives the FCC the right to waive any local fee and say, ``That's not the way it is going to be.''  That is why countless cities and counties across the country, not just one or two, but virtually all of the big organizations, including the League of Cities, the national Governors, local officials and others, say, ``Don't do this.'' If a cable company has a problem with anything we in local government do, let them go to court. Let a court in our jurisdiction settle the issue. I think that is the right way to go. For the life of me, I have a hard time understanding why people would want to preempt these local decisions with the technical, far-removed FCC agency.  So I think Senator Kempthorne has well outlined the situation. I think we have made our case.  I thank the Chair.  