 President. I thank the distinguished Senator from Virginia.  Mr. President, I rise today to indicate my intention to vote for the Dole-Lieberman resolution. I want to state what my intent is, and what it is solely. My intent is solely to allow an afflicted people to defend themselves.  Last week I stated that I had hoped that a specific course of action would result from last weekend's meetings in London. The actions taken, unfortunately, are limited to one enclave, Gorazde. They are not well defined, and as we have seen, the shelling of Gorazde has been ongoing since last weekend.  Also, last week I spoke about the devastating photograph of a young Bosnian woman who decided she could not go on and hung herself from a tree. This anonymous image spoke eloquently to me of the desperation facing the Bosnian people as they endure rape, torture, summary execution, and a litany of war crimes. However, no one knew who this woman was, and to this day we still do not. But now at least we have an idea of what might have driven her to take her own life.  According to one witness, a young mother tried in vain to trade her life for her 12-year-old twin boys who were taken from her and had their throats slit by the invading Serbs at Srebrenica. Later the mother tied a scarf to a tree limb and hung herself. Was this young mother the woman in the photograph? We may never know. But this story tells us all we need to know about what drives a person to such an extreme.  As the stories of the Srebrenica survivors have emerged, the picture of the suffering endured by the refugees and the atrocities committed by the attackers has become increasingly clear. I want to lay some of these out because in recent days news reports and other sources have revealed the true extent of the horror. Here are just a few examples.  On July 17, the New York Times reported several accounts of atrocities related by refugees. Two women, Hava Muratovic and Hanifa Masanovic, told nearly identical stories of Serb soldiers, dressed in uniforms of U.N. soldiers, breaking into a factory where some refugees were staying and hauling away a group of teenage boys.  According to Mrs. Muratovic: ``The next morning I saw a pile of bodies next to the water fountain. There were about ten of them, all with their throats cut. There was a tree next to the fountain, and two other bodies were hanging from the branches.''  Another woman, Sveda Porobic, told of three apparent rapes. In another factory where refugees were gathered, Bosnian Serb soldiers, dressed as U.N. peacekeepers, no less, came through the factory and dragged away two girls, ages 12 and 14, and a 23-year-old woman. After several hours, the three returned. They were crying, naked and bleeding, covered with scratches and bruises. One said, very simply, ``We are not girls anymore.''  On July 16 the Washington Post reported that a teenage girl found a stack of bodies of young men behind a factory. They had been shot with their hands tied behind their backs. Near the same factory, two other teenagers witnessed 20 men gunned down by a Serb firing squad.  Three days later, on July 19, just last week, USA Today quoted a Bosnian refugee, Zarfa Turkovic, who said she witnessed a brutal gang rape at the U.N. camp in Potocari, where refugees had gathered. She said that four Serb soldiers grabbed a young woman from among the sleeping refugees. ``Two took her legs and raised them up in the air,'' Turkovic said, ``while the third began raping her. People were silent. No one moved. She was screaming and yelling, begging them to stop.'' The rapists stuffed a rag in her mouth and continued raping her.  Since the day that Srebrenica fell, the U.N. High Commission for Refugees has been caring for Bosnian refugees fleeing the Serb armies. In Tuzla, UNHCR has been responsible for providing food and shelter to thousands of refugees in the last week and a half.  On July 18, the U.N. High Commission for Refugees released a report describing the experiences of a number of refugees, based on interviews with those who arrived in Tuzla. I would like to relate a few of the most disturbing examples.  A 60-year-old man and his wife described how the bus that was carrying them to Tuzla was stopped by Serb soldiers. The soldiers took four young women off the bus and into the woods. An hour later, three of the women emerged from the woods. The fourth woman appeared later in the town of Kladanj, naked, with only a blanket wrapped around her.  Buses were stopped by Serb soldiers a number of times along the road to Kladanj. Men and boys over age 12 were taken away, along with many young women. Most have not been seen since.  Most alarmingly, a group of refugees fleeing Srebrenica on foot through the woods encountered a group of Serb soldiers wearing the uniforms and blue helmets of UNPROFOR troops and using U.N. vehicles. One Serb soldier called out on a megaphone for the Bosnians to come out of the woods. Between 20 and 30 Bosnians, mostly women and children, emerged from hiding. The Serb soldiers lined them up on the road, and opened fire with machine guns, killing them all.  None of these reports has been independently confirmed, but based on the facts available, these stories are compelling, believable, and consistent with documented Serb behavior. There have also been many instances of refugees telling identical stories independently.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the entire text of the UNHCR report be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  