  Mr. President, I think you have heard some very eloquent words from the senior Senator from Massachusetts. I respect him greatly. I respect the words he said. I think what this proves is that there is no lack of patriotism on either side of this debate. Patriotism and love of country are equally as strong for those of us on each side of this debate.  I support a constitutional amendment to restore protection to our national flag. I do so not in deference to political expediency, but because I believe it is the right thing to do. And I have believed this for a long time. Today I have an opportunity to say why.  Our national flag has come to hold a unique position in our society as the most important and universally recognized symbol that unites us as a nation. No other symbol crosses the political, cultural, and ideological patchwork that makes up this great Nation and binds us as a whole. The evolution of the American flag as the preeminent symbol of our national consciousness is as old and as rich as the evolution of our country itself.  I will never forget the emotion I felt as a child when I saw that famous photograph by photographer Joe Rosenthal--a photograph of the soldiers raising the American flag at Iwo Jima--capturing in one moment in time, the strength and the determination of this entire Nation.  The unique status of the national flag has been supported by constitutional scholars as diverse as Chief Justices William Rehnquist and Earl Warren, and Justices John Paul Stevens and Hugo Black.  The flag flies proudly over official buildings, and many Americans fly them at their homes. I happen to be one of them.  Our history books are replete with the stories of soldiers, beginning with the Civil War, who were charged with the responsibility of leading their units into battle by carrying the flag. To them it was more than a task--it was an honor worth dying for, and many did. When one soldier would fall, another would take his place, raise the flag, and press forward. They would not fail. Their mission was too important; the honor too great; flag and country too respected to give anything short of their lives to succeed.  (