 President, I yield such time as I may consume to myself.  Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the conference report on the fiscal year 1996 Interior appropriations bill.  One year ago, Congress voted overwhelmingly, with strong bipartisan support, to pass a California Desert Protection Act and establish the Mojave National Preserve. This act, the Desert Protection Act, culminated an 8-year-long battle in the Congress to protect some of America's most spectacular and environmentally sensitive wilderness areas, in particular the Mojave National Preserve, often called the ``crown jewel'' of the act.  California has about 25 million acres of desert. This act essentially protected around 6 million of those acres, created the Joshua Tree National Park, Death Valley National Mark, and the East Mojave Preserve.  The congressional process included literally years of research, public hearings, debate, and every possible consideration and compromise to safeguard the interests of property owners and businesses in the region. The bill passed.  Now, rather than carrying out the intent of the legislation, which was to have a national preserve with hunting, which some of the opponents wanted, under National Park Service management, this bill contains an effort to destroy the Mojave National Preserve. All other national parks are being funded. Yet this conference report singles out the newest unit of the National Park System for budget cuts. The President had $2.6 million in his budget for National Park Service management of this new park.  The conference report provides no funding for the National Park Service to manage the Mojave National Preserve. Instead, it turns management back over to the BLM, the agency which managed the East Mojave so poorly before enactment of the desert bill and provided the whole enthusiasm for creating a national park. And the bill also provides a totally inadequate amount for the BLM to do the job. The BLM was criticized when it had $1.7 million to run this area. It did not do it adequately with that amount. And now there is no money for the Park Service, with the exception of the $500,000 for planning.  I believe this is contrary to the wishes of the people of California. Included in a statewide poll, conducted very recently and just released yesterday, were some new poll numbers with respect to the views of Californians and this park. Statewide, 74 percent of all Californians opposed a limit on the Park Service budget for management of this park. Statewide, 84.6 percent of Californians today support keeping the Mojave a national park. In every region of the State, in this new statewide poll, people overwhelmingly supported keeping the Mojave as a national park. Only 9 percent of the people of the State of California in this Field Institute poll oppose the park.  I want to emphasize that the local communities and businesses--this is a very sparsely populated area--and the Barstow, Baker, and Newberry Springs Chamber of Commerce have welcomed the Park Service to the Mojave and support the new park. Let me read what they have to say.  The Barstow Area Chamber of Commerce says: ``The National Park Service is graciously welcomed to Barstow and to the Mojave Desert. The chamber hopes that the needed funds will be appropriated in a timely manner so that quality facilities and services will be accomplished as soon as possible by the Park Service's personnel.''  The Barstow Development Corp. writes: ``The park will be beneficial to the majority of business persons in Barstow and to Barstow's economy, therefore being a positive influence to most of the citizens in Barstow.''  The Newberry Springs Chamber of Commerce says: ``Newberry Springs is proud to be so near this unusual and wonderful area. Let it be known that we highly endorse the new Superintendent and staff and we pledge our support and cooperation to this project.''  Little do they know, this bill is taking it all away.  The Baker Chamber of Commerce says: ``Our community is the gateway to the East Mojave Preserve. Our community has embraced the changes that the Preserve has brought. In accord appropriate funding for the East Mojave Preserve would be duly appreciated.''  The Los Angeles Times, San Jose Mercury News, San Diego Union Tribune, and the San Francisco Chronicle have all called on the President to veto the Interior appropriations bill because of its attack on the East Mojave.  Let me read just a few of the editorial headlines.  The San Diego Union Tribune, December 3: ``Starved for funds; Congressman victimizes Mojave Preserve.''  San Bernardino Sun, a paper in the area, November 18: ``Lewis Confuses Park Issue with Flap Over Sheep.''  San Francisco Chronicle, November 17: ``While they are at it, they should strip all environmental riders, including the defunding of the Mojave National Preserve in California.''  San Jose Mercury News, September 25: ``Moan on the range; Republicans Resume the Destruction of Public Lands.'' ``In an insult to California, the bill, this time, appropriated $1 for the management of the new Mojave National Preserve, a way of undoing congressional establishment of the park last year.''  Nobody should think it is anything other than just that.  Los Angeles Times, Friday, September 22: ``Clinton Should Reject Sabotage of Desert Act; he needs California and California needs protective law.''  San Diego Union, again: ``Desert Mischief; Veto the Interior Appropriations Bill.''  San Francisco Chronicle, again: ``Veto the Environmental Wrecking Legislation.''  If it counts for anything at all, these are the views of the people of California. Eighty-four percent of the people support the Mojave National Preserve. The chambers of commerce of the small communities right in the area support the funding of the Mojave Preserve. Every major newspaper in the State supports the funding of the Mojave Preserve. Yet, today, we have a bill before us that completely undoes the intent of the last Congress to create what is a beautiful national park and what is a prime and beautiful desert area.  The BLM is neither capable nor mandated to manage the Mojave National Preserve. As I say, even with a budget of $1.7 billion, three times the $599,000 the conference has now given to the BLM, the BLM did not adequately manage this 1.4-million-acre area.  Without adequate funding for management of the Mojave, not only park visitors but those who live and work in the region will suffer. According to the National Park Service, permits for grazing improvements will not be processed and issued. Requests for rights-of-way will not be processed and approved. Mining plans of operation will not be processed and approved. Search and rescue and emergency medical services will be dangerously underfunded. Trash collection, restroom maintenance, and any hazardous spill cleanup will be cut back or eliminated. The visitors center and camp grounds may be closed. Park resources will receive minimal protection, like protection to Indian hieroglyphics on canyon walls, like protection to the 900 species of flora and fauna.  It limits the funding for development of a comprehensive management plan to $500,000, far less than what it typically costs to develop a plan for a new national park. It limits the amount of time the Park Service has to develop the management plan. The California Desert Protection Act required a 3-year planning process and provided for extensive public participation. That is what the community wanted. If the Park Service is to satisfy the conferees' conditions for taking over management of the Mojave next year, that is completing the management plan, the agency will have to expedite the process and limit public participation. That is directly contrary to the intent of the Desert Protection Act. The act specifically mandated an inclusive planning process to ensure consideration of the views of the landowners, the ranchers, local government, and others.   This language is unprecedented. Never before has Congress required the National Park Service to develop a comprehensive plan before it can manage a new park. No one can tell me this is not just to kill the action taken by a majority. Let me say I would never do this to any Member or to any project that was approved by Congress--stand in front of it and say, all right, after 8 years, more than a dozen hearings, this is authorized, but we are going to kill it because we are not going to fund it.  Some have suggested that the National Park Service has not adequately ensured the continuation of human uses and has jeopardized wildlife recovery efforts. This is a complete misrepresentation of the Park Service's record in the Mojave.  Let me set the record straight. The Park Service has been doing a good job of managing the Mojave. In the last year, the Park Service has improved visitors' services. It has opened a visitors center in Baker. It has improved law enforcement; it has helped curtail illegal activities such as closing down two drug labs in the desert that were operating in the area. The Park Service has improved resource protection. Visitation to the area has increased significantly, bringing additional businesses to the surrounding communities.  As the Las Vegas Review Journal reported last month, Little Nipton, a small community, has not seen so much activity since its heyday in the early years of the century. Nipton is one of the entry points to the new Mojave National Preserve. Gerald Freeman, the owner of the Hotel Nipton, reports:       Since the National Park Service has taken over management      jurisdiction, both the volume and quality of visitation is      up. For example, the Hotel Nipton occupancy is up between 80      and 100 percent a year. In contrast to what I would call a      condescending, indifferent presence of the Bureau of Land      Management over the last 35 years, the National Park Service      seems genuinely concerned with the welfare of the region.      They appear to me--and others out here--to be a comforting      and constructive presence. I urge you to support the National      Park Service in its mission in the Mojave National Preserve      and to do everything to ensure adequate funding is available      to maintain the viability of their presence. I am convinced      the rewards will be of great and lasting benefit to the      region including a strong and vibrant business all around;      greatly improving job opportunities for locals and others      moving into the area; a major upgrade in the perception of      the Mojave in the world at large; thus establishing a major      source of pride and revenue for San Bernardino County and the      State of California.  I cannot understand--we have three major chambers of commerce. We have people writing in, saying visitation has gone up, it is better than it was. Two drug labs have been closed. Yet because of the pique of some on the House Appropriations Committee, we defund it. I cannot understand this.  This is not just and fair public policy, particularly when we have 84 percent of the people of the State in support of keeping the Mojave a national park according to a poll done as recently as last week. I hazard a guess that there is probably no new park in America that would get that kind of public support and yet have this body and the other body defund it in its first year of operation. It is bizarre. I do not understand.  Let me give another example, the small little restaurant called the Bun Boy in Baker. Owner Willis Heron writes:       I have lived in and been in business in Baker, CA for over      40 years. I write to express my strong support to fully fund      the National Park Service. Not adequately funding the      National Park Service is a disservice to the thousands of      people living in the towns of Baker, Barstow, Needles, and      Nipton and to the County of San Bernardino. The preserve and      the local communities will suffer if the proper funding is      withheld.  Again, I cannot understand it. The support is there. Roxanne Lang, a resident of Nipton says:       The National Park Service has done more for our local area      in the last nine months without much funding than the BLM did      in ten years I have been here. The National Park Service has      managed to eliminate some undesirables--i.e. drug dealers--     come into our schools and educate the children living in the      desert about the environment; and give locals a generally      good feeling that we have protection.  This body defunds it. I do not understand it. The Overson family, the largest private property owner and ranchers in the preserve, also report that management is much improved under the Park Service. Let me read their statement:       In the past 7 years under the Bureau of Land Management,      crucial water replacement projects, pipelines, tanks, and      troughs, have been put on hold. It has come to the point of      having to get an attorney to sue the BLM to do the      environmental assessments on the projects before funding will      be allocated. Since the National Park Service took over      management of the desert, many changes are apparent. We have      been able to work with management for a yes or no answer.      Projects are being worked on.       The effects of the rangers are also apparent. They have      wrote numerous speeding tickets, deterred drunk drivers,      closed an illegal drug lab, and have policed this isolated      area. Because of these reasons, we feel we would be better      off under Park Service management.  That is from the largest property owner in the Mojave Preserve, and this bill defunds it. I do not understand it.  Mr. President, Congress established the national preserve. There was already a concession to the opposition who wanted a national preserve with hunting. They got their national preserve with hunting, but under the Park Service so the environmental protections could be provided.  Guess what they did? They then turned around and defunded it--something that has 84 percent support throughout the entire State of California after the first year in operation. It is absolutely bizarre.  I have spoken to the administration. I am convinced they will veto this bill, and one of the reasons they will veto this bill is this kind of subrogation of the will of Congress.  It is selfish, it is vain, it is wrong, it is not good policy, and it should not happen.  I thank the President. I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  