 President, this is a very hard argument for me because I very much respect the Senator from Wyoming. He is my chairman on the committee. I do not think anyone in this body knows more about immigration. I doubt that he drafted the actual language in this bill.  All I can say is our reading, and the reading of others of the bill itself, indicates to us that the way it is worded, it would in fact affect people in this country at this time. The Bureau of the Census has identified 121,000 spouses and children of U.S. citizens who came into this country between 1990 and 1994 who, for starters, would be most definitely affected by this bill.  I mentioned earlier that I do not believe that anyone should come to the oath of being an American citizen and take that oath because they want welfare, whether it is cash or noncash. I would support any legislation to toughen the sponsorship requirements to provide for bona fide sponsorship. As a matter of fact, when the immigration bill is on the floor, I will offer an amendment to the bill which will provide that a sponsor must be responsible for health insurance for a person they are sponsoring to this country. So I fully believe that a sponsor should be responsible.  Where I have the difficulty is in the creation of two classes of citizens, because once it starts, once the camel's nose is under the tent, it will not end. And the fact is that a naturalized citizen is entitled to all of the rights of citizenship; that is a clearly established constitutional principle. I believe it will really jeopardize the constitutionality of this entire bill. It is a major point, I believe.  So I say, toughen sponsorship, toughen the naturalization process, do what you have to do to prevent somebody from using naturalization as a guise for some of these things. But once they get there, it must mean just what it means for every other citizen.  It has been said that an affidavit of support is an asset like a child support order. I do not believe that is true, because having assets means one is ineligible for welfare. A child support order is not an asset when determining eligibility for welfare. The welfare caseload is swollen with mothers who cannot collect on child support orders. Approximately 25 percent of the existing caseload is comprised of mothers who cannot collect on child support orders.  It has been said that people are not denied welfare because they have this asset. They are eligible for welfare benefits, the cost of which is only recovered if the Government is able to collect from the delinquent parent. If naturalized citizens could receive benefits while the Government attempts to collect from the sponsor, then the situation would be analogous. But that is not what the Dole bill says. And even if it did say that, it would still be treating naturalized citizens differently from native-born citizens. Denying assistance because there is an uncollected asset is not equal treatment under the law.  So let me repeat: A native-born citizen is denied welfare benefits only if there are assets available to the applicant. Just as a child support order which is uncollected is not an available asset, an affidavit of support on the naturalized citizen which is unable to be collected would not be an available asset. True, the Government could attempt to collect later, as with a child support order, but in the meantime, under the Dole bill, the applicant who is now a U.S. citizen would be denied assistance. So I believe that is wrong.  Let me speak for a moment to the 40 quarters of work and the contribution to the system. This affects the homemaker who does not work in a two-parent family. If the mother does not work, is supported by her husband, and her husband leaves, it is a major problem. Similarly, if you were an infant when your parents immigrated, you would not be eligible for benefits until you reached your 30's. That is hardly equal treatment.  Mr. President, I believe I have used my time. I thank the Chair and I yield the floor.  