 I would like to go on and specifically address the concerns of cities because I have received exactly some letters from various cities, 26 or so to be precise, indicating their concern. We have taken a good look at it.  I think one of the core lessons about Orange County is that cities should not be investing in speculative investments. I know from my tenure as mayor of San Francisco for 9 years, and I served on the investment body which was then the retirement board, these kinds of speculative ventures were prohibited.  We have heard some discussion about the financial concerns involving Orange County, CA, but as was discussed earlier, these circumstances would not be altered by the safe harbor under the bill. In Orange County, the treasurer was buying derivatives from Merrill Lynch. Derivatives are not protected by the safe harbor. Further, Merrill Lynch, serving as a broker, is ineligible to claim safe harbor protection. So you have protections built in two different ways. Derivatives are not protected, and a broker is not protected.  I believe--and my vote is cast on this belief--that the cities' concern appears primarily to address the proportional liability section of the bill. Under the proportional liability rules adopted in the bill, an accountant from a big accounting company would not risk bearing the full cost of a plaintiffs' loss if it audits the books, certifies them and fraud causing loss to plaintiffs subsequently arises. However, even the proportional liability rule, as I understand it, has a significant protection built in.  While the bill adopts a proportional liability rule, proportional liability will not limit the responsibility of a business or an individual who commits ``knowing securities violations.'' I think that is very important. Such an individual would remain responsible to pay, not the proportional loss, but the full loss, as I understand it.  I know the senior Senator from Connecticut will correct me if he believes that is inaccurate.  ``Knowing securities fraud'' includes any defendant who had actual knowledge, or operated under circumstances in which they should have had knowledge, the fraud occurred.  So the provision will not permit accountants who commit knowing securities fraud to eliminate full liability for accountants who deserve to be fully liable. Would the Senator agree with that?  