 President, I wish to join my colleagues today in commemorating Margaret Chase Smith, the Republican Senator who made history as the first woman to win election to both Houses of Congress, and the first woman ever to be elected to the Senate.  It is a privilege to be a U.S. Senator. And I am grateful to Margaret Chase Smith for paving the way for me, and the women before me, to serve in this great Chamber. And more importantly, I salute her for being an inspiration, setting an example by being tough yet compassionate.  Senator Smith's accomplishments were great. Among them, a long list of firsts, including being the first woman to sit on the Naval Affairs Committee and to have her name advanced for the Presidency at a national convention. But it is here legislative record and her long history of independence--always voting her conscience, that has left a last impression on me.  She was a political independent, voting with her party when she saw fit and standing alone when she felt strongly about an issue. Indeed, in her first major address to the Senate on June 1, 1950, the freshman Senator denounced Joseph McCarthy. She accused the Wisconsin Senator of reducing the Senate to a ``forum of hate and character assassination.'' In 1954 she voted for his censure.  McCarthy exacted his political payback--expelling Senator Smith from a key committee and, in her next election, leading a vicious campaign against her. Still, it was that speech that was the beginning of the end or his career and which cemented her place in history.  In 1970, during the Vietnam war, she addressed the Senate again in a speech that was later expanded into a book called ``A Declaration of Conscience.'' In that speech, the Maine Senator warned Americans that ``excessiveness and overreactions on both sides is a clear and present danger to American democracy.'' Senator Smith knew that if we did not elevate the level of political discourse beyond mean-spiritedness, that we risked chipping away at the democratic process itself.  Her standing up for what she believed earned her the moniker ``the conscience of the Senate.'' But she stood her ground without resorting to personal invective or shrill tactics. It is this sort of reasoned debate and moderation--the very principles that this Chamber has always stood for--that should continue to guide those of us who sit here today.  Margaret Chase Smith was born in Skowhegan, ME. Her father was the town barber and her mother was a part-time waitress. She herself earned only a high-school education. She taught grade school, was a telephone operator and the circulation manager for a weekly newspaper where she met her husband, Clyde Harold Smith. When, in 1940, her husband died of a heart attack, she successfully ran for his seat in the House of Representatives. She served four terms in the House. Later, in the Senate, she served on the Appropriations, Aeronautical and Space committees and was the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee. She also was the chairwoman of the Conference of Republican Senators. Senator Smith served under six presidents--from Franklin Roosevelt to Richard Nixon.  Although she advanced considerably in what was considered a man's world, Senator Smith did not consider herself a champion of women's rights. Yet she wrote legislation that paved the way for women to serve in the military and later voted for the equal rights amendment. By her example, Senator Smith pioneered the way for many women, including myself, to enter the political arena.  Late in her career, Senator Smith said: ``I have no family, no time-consuming hobbies. I have only myself and my job as United States Senator.''  It is in her job as a U.S. Senator that Margaret Chase Smith distinguished herself, and that she will always be remembered and honored.  