 President, I rise in support of the Foreign Operations Conference Report, but I do so with regret because of the provision in this bill relating to Pakistan.  There is much in this conference report that I support, and which I believe the conferees have every right to be proud of.  The bill maintains our assistance to Israel and Egypt, sending a message of the United States' firm support of our allies in the Middle East, and our encouragement of their efforts to achieve a comprehensive peace.  The bill extends the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act by 18 months, allowing the President to continue to provide assistance to the Palestinians and conduct relations with the PLO, while requiring strict compliance by the PLO and the Palestinian Authority with all of their commitments. This is a further demonstration of U.S. support for the peace process.  The bill provides assistance for Armenia, Ukraine, and other former Soviet republics to help ensure that democracy takes hold, and the assistance to Russia is appropriately conditioned on Russian cooperation with the United States in various areas.  The bill significantly increases the budget for international narcotics programs, demonstrating that controlling the scourge of the international drug trade is among our Nation's highest international priorities.  Unfortunately, included in the conference report with all these positive provisions is a provision that I think is extremely dangerous. The House conferees agreed to adopt the Senate language on Pakistan, which was added to the bill as a Brown amendment. Among other things, this provision allows the President to transfer to Pakistan some $368 million worth of sophisticated military equipment at a time when Pakistan is still committed to pursuing weapons of mass destruction.  I realize that we have debated this issue at length, but the objections to this provision bear repeating.  Sanctions were invoked against Pakistan in 1990 because President Bush could not certify that Pakistan did not possess a nuclear explosive device. Nothing has changed since that time. To this day, neither President Bush nor President Clinton has been able to make such a certification.  Pakistan's commitment to continuing its nuclear program makes it wholly inappropriate--even irresponsible--for the Congress to authorize the release to Pakistan of a significant package of sophisticated military equipment.  I realize that this provision has the support of the administration, but I must say that in advocating this proposal, the administration is also acting irresponsibly. An administration that says that nonproliferation is one of its highest international priorities should not be transferring weapons to Pakistan until Pakistan has made vast improvements on the nonproliferation front.  There is a further concern about transferring these weapons. The package of equipment may not be significant enough to substantially alter the military balance in the region, but it is enough to exacerbate an unstable political situation. The political symbolism of the returning equipment will be handing a propaganda victory to the extremist Indian opposition heading in next spring's elections.   The Indian Government is already coming under intense domestic pressure to respond to the transfer of these weapons. I very much fear that India will respond by deploying their Prithvi missile, which could launch a bona fide ballistic missile race in South Asia. Pakistan might well respond by deploying the M-11s many believe they have acquired from China.  If this scenario plays itself out, the United States will be responsible for fueling an extremely dangerous arms race in one of the most unstable regions in the world.  Having said all this, I want to make two additional points. First, I want to urge the government and people of India not to overreact to this turn of events.  Indian politicians may exploit these weapons for their own gain and stoke the flames of paranoia in the pursuit of votes. But I want to urge the Government of India not to respond to this weapons transfer by significantly upgrading their military posture, and in particular, not to further escalate the arms race in South Asia.  Second, if we must transfer these weapons to Pakistan, we are entitled to expect something in return. As I have said in the past, I favor resuming nonmilitary assistance to Pakistan in order to expand our ability to cooperate on anti-terrorism activities, anti-narcotics efforts, peacekeeping, environmental protection, and other areas. I consider those provisions of the Brown amendment to be helpful in enabling us to rebuild our troubled relationship with Pakistan.  But we have every right to expect improved cooperation from Pakistan, not only in these areas, but in nonproliferation as well. Pakistan's unfortunate record of developing nuclear weapons and seeking to acquire ballistic missile technology has exacerbated tensions and contributed to instability in South Asia. As we have in the past, I would urge Pakistan to reverse course and contribute to building a new, more stable South Asia.  Mr. President, I believe we have made a mistake with the passage of the entire Brown amendment. With the help of both India and Pakistan, we can help ensure that this mistake does not spawn other, even greater mistakes.  