 President, all day I have listened attentively to both sides of this debate. Increasingly, I have grown deeply saddened because I see the polarization that is taking place between the two sides of the aisle. I tried to reflect on the profound impact this bill will have on people, specifically, the 32 million people in the State of California.  In a sense, it is ironic that this bill is called a ``reconciliation'' bill, for in reality, other than in Washington-speak, it is far from a reconciliation that we have here on the floor today.  If one just looks at the size of the Medicaid and Medicare cuts, one cannot help but be staggered by what its impact will likely be. Overall, the $450 billion cut in Medicaid and Medicare, would affect my State of California to the tune of $54 billion in losses during the next 7 years. That breaks down as $36 billion in Medicare cuts and $18 billion in Medicaid cuts. Those cuts will have an enormous impact on the people of California.  Let me give you an example of this bill's harsh consequences. In California, 15 percent of the current Medicare recipients are also receiving Medicaid. That is 540,000 of the poorest seniors in the State of California. They need Medicaid to meet their Medicare premiums and copayments. Premiums are being doubled and, under the bill, they will not have the assistance of Medicaid. What is, obviously, the likely result? Without Medicaid to assist these seniors meet their payments, many will lose their benefits and be placed at higher risk.  Further, for people suffering with HIV/AIDS, Medicaid is the most important program in the Nation. With these Medicaid cuts, what happens? It puts added stress on the public hospital, the county hospitals, in the State.  So let's turn and look and see what is happening to the county hospital. In the 58 counties of my State, county hospitals--like San Francisco General in San Francisco or Martin Luther King, Jr., General in Los Angeles, will lose an estimated $150 million over the next 7 years.  Now let's turn to the great teaching hospitals in my State. The University of California system is a great system, probably the best in the world, with five great, major teaching hospitals. They are projected to lose $444 million over the next 7 years.  In a letter from the university system, they inform me that, for the first time in history, the University of California's teaching hospitals will go into deficit.  Great teaching hospitals going into deficit.  Public hospitals not being able to keep up.  Medicaid cuts that will prevent the poorest in our Nation from being able to use Medicare.  I really had to ask myself the question--is it really necessary to do it this way? This is where the bill becomes, I must honestly say, immoral. Because the answer to the question has to be, no, it is not necessary.  When you add it all up, you know that these cuts are as deep as they are for one reason, and one reason alone--to provide an enormous tax cut in this bill, while the poor get hit hard by the changes in the earned income tax credit.  I am one Democrat who supports a cut in capital gains, but not on the backs of poor people. It is simply not what we are supposed to do--either party, Republican or Democrat.  I have a basic philosophical belief. What Government should do is those things that the private sector cannot do. So Medicare and Medicaid are an important part of that philosophy. To take these deep cuts at this time, all at once, without any hearings or full knowledge of how these cuts will fall?  What does happen to the five great teaching hospitals?  When do they have a chance to give testimony and indicate what they can or what they cannot save? What does happen to 540,000 seniors who depend upon Medicaid to make their Medicare premium and copayments? What happens to them? We have not discussed it. Nobody knows.  What happens to the county hospitals, already cut deeply, the major providers of indigent care in many areas across California? The DSH payments are not going to be enough. What happens to the affected AIDS/HIV community, more dependent on Medicaid than any other single program?  These are questions that deserve a hearing. These are questions that deserve the wisdom of both parties sitting down and working it out.  Mr. President, I am delighted to see the Senator from Arizona in the chair, because we just had an example of where we can work together. He and I both know that the majority leader, and you as a major author, did not have to compromise on the Jerusalem bill we recently considered on the floor.  You had the votes to do it without it. And, yet, your feeling was--and I think correctly so--that it would be a better bill, with less divisiveness, if we sat down and tried to work out our differences. And, Mr. President, you and I and others sat down at least twice and we worked out our differences and we were able to produce a bill that got all but five votes in this esteemed body.  I really think that is the way our people--those people who elected us--think that is what they elected us to do. They didn't elect us to be so partisan that we drive a divisive wedge into two of the most important programs, Medicaid and Medicare, that touch human lives in this country.  I will tell you honestly--God strike me dead if it is wrong--I do not know how the State of California is going to cope with these cuts. They are deep, they are wide and they are enormous for a State that has a growing poor population, that is the site of 40 percent of all of the foreign born, that has more illegal immigrants in it than all the other States, combined, and has probably the largest number of needy people.  We recently considered welfare reform on the Senate floor. I voted for welfare reform, yet welfare reform is a $7 billion cut to California--no question--by any independent analyses. I voted for it because I felt there was a redeeming value in making the necessary changes and moving off chronic dependency.  Yet, how can I vote for this budget bill and show up back in California when I know the reason the cuts are so deep is simply to give a tax cut?  Who benefits?  My husband is a merchant banker. He deals in this kind of financial area. He would love to have a capital gains cut. He pays major income taxes. They went up in 1993, just like 275,000 other families out of 13 million taxpayers in the State of California.  But does he want to get a capital gains cut under these conditions? Anybody can call him and he will say no. It is morally wrong. It is not right to do it this way. And that is the gut-level problem that I have with this bill that so saddens me.  The Republican Party has been known as the party that is most concerned about the national debt. True, we have a national debt of $4.9 trillion, which has developed, largely, over the past 25 years. But this budget bill will add to the deficit over its 7 years. Under this bill, the Nation's debt will increase by about $670 billion over the next 7 years--about $245 billion more than if no tax cut is enacted. This is not fiscally responsible action.  Further, I recently learned that June O'Neill of the Congressional Budget Office reports that, if off-budget items, such as Social Security, where not incorporated into the deficit calculation, the budget would show a $105 billion deficit in 2002 under the Republican leadership's plan, not the balanced budget they claim. Now is not the time for an excessive, and misdirected, tax cut.  The current deficit is $160 billion and that is too high and needs to be eliminated. But the deficit has been as high as $290 billion only a few years ago. True, the deficit picks up in the outyears of this decade. And true, Medicaid and Medicare are partially responsible for it and need to be changed.  I will support changes in these programs, like an age of eligibility change. I will support means testing of premiums, not because I want to, but because I believe it has to be done.  But to take the cuts this way, for the purpose of being able to rationalize a tax cut directing billions to the investment banker types of this country, is absolutely wrong. It is morally wrong.  And to go back to California and tell senior citizens, some of whom, in my State are eating dog food--true story, eating dog food, and using Medicaid to pay their premiums, is something I cannot accept. The lower you are on the economic ladder the more difficult it is.  I am sure I have exceeded my time. I apologize. I got a bit wound up. But I think it suffices to say that I do not know how anyone can vote for this bill and return to their people and say, ``You are not going to be hurt by it.'' I know I cannot.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  