 President, I rise today in strong opposition to the Bumpers amendment to rescind funding for the national wind tunnel complex [NWTC]. I believe this project to be a sound investment in the future of the competitiveness of the U.S. commercial aviation industry.  NASA is pursuing the development of two new wind tunnels as a part of the NWTC strategy to provide facilities for aircraft testing with technology not currently available in the United States. These facilities would allow the commercial aviation industry to continue to compete on an international level for the next generation of wide-body commercial transportation aircraft.  The United States has built only one major wind tunnel in the past 30 years and while the existing wind tunnels have been upgraded over the years, none has been able to keep pace with the state-of-the-art capability, productivity, and technology of new, modern--and largely foreign-owned--wind tunnels. The United States has recently seen its share of the international commercial transport aircraft market fall from 100 percent to an estimated 65 percent. While we still enjoy a commanding presence in this vital industry, we must now prepare ourselves to be competitive in the future.  Contrast our actions with those of our European competitors who have invested in six new Government-financed wind tunnels over the last 15 years. These investments pay dividends in the commercial aircraft market as can be witnessed by the increasing marketshare of European companies such as Airbus.  The fiscal year 1995 VA-HUD bill provided $400 million as a down-payment to begin construction of these two facilities. This investment follows funding in fiscal year 1994 to study the feasibility of wind tunnels. NASA estimates the final cost of the wind tunnel complexes to be $2.5 billion and has plans for the facilities to be up and running by 2002. I agree with those who are calling for the greater industry involvement in this project and look forward to working with my colleagues and industry officials to help make cost-sharing a reality. I have spoken personally with the CEO's of major commercial aviation manufacturers who all agree with NWTC is needed to ensure their continued competitiveness. Now is not the time to waver in our support for the domestic aircraft industry.  In anticipation of the Administration's continued support of the National Wind Tunnel Complex Program, an industry teaming agreement was signed among Boeing, McDonnel Douglas, Lockheed, Northrup-Grumman, Pratt & Whitney, and General Electric to support the development of the facilities. NASA has been in the process of evaluating feasible sites, including the NASA Ames Research Center located in the San Francisco Bay area. The Ames Research Center, which is currently home to several operational wind tunnels, meets most of the technical criterion NASA is looking for and can be a model of government and private industry working together toward mutual interests.  While the Administration has not met the condition set forth in the fiscal year 1995 VA-HUD bill, they have, in fact, requested that the funds be carried over to allow for a more complete site selection process. I ask my colleagues to agree with the Senate Appropriations Committee's recommendation to grant the administration time to move ahead with this important investment in the future of domestic aviation technology. I oppose the Bumpers amendment to rescind funding for the national wind tunnel complex and urge my colleagues to do the same.  