  Mr. President, I have not had an opportunity yet to speak on the bills before us, most specifically S. 343. For many days now I have listened as the Senate has been debating what are two major regulatory reform bills. They are complex and detailed and some have said boring. But one way or another they will touch the life of virtually every American citizen.  The fact is that regulations serve an important purpose in our society. But as with all laws, they have to be balanced against other competing needs, and reexamined from time to time in order to remain effective.  I happen to be a great fan of the Senator from Louisiana. I believe he is a sound thinker. He is an effective leader, and he has played a major role in the debate on these issues. I respect him. I also respect the majority leader, whose bill this is, as a seasoned, experienced Senator who understands the impact of regulations upon the community regulated.  As we address the issue of regulatory reform, I think certain considerations should guide us in the process.  First and foremost, public health and safety must be the paramount concern. And we have heard that concern voiced over and over in the debate over breast cancer, over E. coli, and over a myriad of other regulatory programs.  Second, Government regulations should not strangle business and commerce but should seek to encourage economic growth as much as possible. That is often easier said than done, particularly in the largest State in the Union where problems are severe and often businesses will seek to choose an easier way and leave the State.  But the bottom line is: regulations have to make sense. Finding the right balance will be the determining factor as to whether we are successful in this effort.  California has a huge stake in this bill both from a public safety perspective and an economic perspective.  We have the biggest air pollution problem in the Nation. Children today, born in the Los Angeles basin, suffer from a 10 to 15 percent decrease in lung function compared with children in other areas as a result of air quality.  California has 96 Superfund sites, the second largest number in the country--that is almost two major toxic waste dumps for every county in our State. In 1990, I had occasion to visit one of them. It is a place called Iron Mountain mine, near Redding, that had been owned by a chemical company and had been mined for various minerals. There were holes in this mountain, some the size of 30-story office buildings. When it rained, water interspersed with the chemicals producing sulfuric acid which then drained out onto the banks of the Trinity River actually metallizing some of the banks. This Superfund site is now in the process of being cleaned up. So I am very pleased that the portion of the legislation impacting Superfund sites has been removed from the bill.  Santa Monica Bay, one of the most beautiful areas in the country and a premier tourist attraction in my State, has been contaminated with heavy metals and DDT to such an extent that the public is often warned not to eat fish caught there. I remember when I first went to live in Los Angeles, I went into a restaurant and ordered sand dabs and the waiter said, ``Don't order sand dabs; they are bottom-feeding fish and they are caught in the Santa Monica Bay, and the bay is polluted.''  Economically, California's unemployment rate, though beginning to improve, is still two percentage points above the national average. We are still struggling to climb out of the recession and cope with continued defense downsizing.  So the last thing California businesses need is unnecessary or cumbersome regulations that drive up costs and drive out jobs.  So I have listened with great care to this debate, and I have had the privilege of discussing certain of my concerns with the Senator from Louisiana. But the bottom line and the one that I have reached is that the Glenn-Chafee bill contains the best and most balanced approach to regulatory reform.  I would like to address what I believe are the primary weaknesses in the Dole-Johnston legislation.  In the area of cost-benefit, I believe the Dole-Johnston legislation, in a sense, throws the baby out with the bathwater. Cost-benefit analyses are supposed to weigh cost and benefit and then allow for the best alternative to be chosen.  The Dole-Johnston bill does not do that--it simply requires choosing the least-cost alternative. That does not always make sense, and it could have unfortunate results.  Let me give you some examples.  Seatbelts in the front seat. If the standards in the Dole-Johnston bill were applied to seatbelts, I am told by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that they would probably not be able to require both lap and shoulder belts in cars.  That is because, even though having both lap and shoulder belts save lives, the lap belt alone is the least-cost alternative.  