 President, I rise today in support of S. 227, the Digital Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act of 1995. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this legislation introduced by Senator Hatch, the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee. This bill will allow the United States to finally join more than 60 nations in enacting this same copyright protection for sound recordings.  The bill before us, today, essentially closes a glaring loophole in the Copyright Act which had denied protection to recording artists and record companies ever since the copyright was first extended to sound recordings in 1972. This legislation would create a right to public performance in digital transmissions and give copyright owners the ability to negotiate the use of their works in new technologies.  Every other copyrighted work--motion pictures, books, plays, computer software and musical compositions--already has this protection. It is time to bring the law up to date for sound recordings.  Senator Hatch and I first introduced a version of this bill in the 103d Congress. Since that time, we have heard from literally hundreds of interested parties from all affected sides. We have had input from broadcasters, cable companies, consumers, songwriters, music publishers, artists, record companies, and more. Many of those affected by the legislation have had suggestions on how to make it better and more responsive to the marketplace.  I would like to commend Senator Hatch and his staff and thank them for working so hard with us to assure that all of the legitimate concerns with the original legislation were so thoughtfully addressed. Senators Biden, Leahy, and Thurmond and their staffs deserve credit as well.  Every copyright expert who testified before the Judiciary Committee, including those from the nonpartisan U.S. Copyright Office, agreed that this legislation needs to be enacted.  The Digital Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act helps move our copyrighted industries closer to the Information Superhighway. A road where consumers will have access to new music and exciting artists delivered to the consumer in technology advanced ways beyond what we might have imagined when we first heard the Victrola, or even stereo sound. As these new technologies develop and as we enter this digital and computer age, the protection of America's intellectual property has taken on a tremendous urgency.  The inequities of the current law are best illustrated by a real-world example: when a digital music service, paid for with a subscription fee and available via a consumer's cable TV box, play a piece of recorded music from a compact disc, such as ``White Christmas'' performed by Bing Crosby, the songwriter and music publisher, in this case Irving Berlin, have rights and receive payment for the performance of that work. Yet while Irving Berlin is compensated, Bing Crosby, the recording artist who brought the song to life, and the record company which invested the moneys to record and distribute the album would receive nothing.  We have chosen to be forward thinking with this legislation, to enable Congress to close a loophole which threatens to grow immensely in the near future. With new digital technology, a transmission service, simply by acquiring a single copy of a compact disc, can deliver CD-quality sound electronically to millions of homes and cars, without any payment to the creators of that recorded music.  The hundreds of thousands of consumers who love new music could make perfect copies of the one CD. Potentially millions of perfect copies of this CD can be made electronically. Why would anyone go to a record store in the future if they were able to receive music this way? Why should the digital transmission businesses be making money by selling music when they are not paying the creators who have produced that music?  If this should occur without copyright protection, investment in recorded music will decline, as performers and record companies produce recordings which are widely distributed without compensation to them. This would result in the decline of what presently constitutes one of America's most important, productive and competitive industries.  America's copyright industries contributed a staggering 3.7 percent to the Nation's gross domestic product in 1993. That's a contribution of $238.6 billion, Mr. President. Between 1977 and 1993, the number of workers employed by those industries doubled to 3 million, 2.55 percent of our work force. Over the last 5 years, employment in this sector has grown at four times the rate of jobs in other sectors.  And, perhaps most significant of all in this context, these industries together achieved foreign sales of $45.8 billion in 1993. Amazingly, that was the second biggest single contribution to America's balance of trade in 1993 among all industries, second only to autos and their parts.  My home State of California has been a particular beneficiary of this growth. It is an important home to the music industry, the industry whose copyright protection we are specifically addressing today. California's music community is home to over 100,000 jobs, including recording, manufacturing, distribution and retail.  These are the jobs of the future, and I am pleased that this legislation will assure the continued viability of these important businesses and creative endeavors.  More than 60 nations, including 9 members of the European Community, provide their rightsholders with a performance right. $150 million is collected worldwide for the public performance of sound recordings.  The United States is the world's leading exporter of recorded music, with American artists accounting for 35 percent of all music sold worldwide. However, because the United States does not reciprocate in providing this performance right, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office reports that U.S. performers and record companies are denied access to these substantial royalties. Rectifying this disparity will obviously benefit this very important export sector of our economy.  Moreover, I'm told that the lack of a performance right has been a major obstacle to the efforts of our trade negotiators to achieve higher levels of intellectual property protection in general. The Senate today can help eliminate this obstacle.  This legislation would provide equity, Mr. President. Equity for the digital transmitters who would be assured that new music was available for their services. Equity for consumers who would be assured that new and varied music continues to get recorded and produced. Equity for the creators and producers of music who invest their talent, effort and dollars in sound recordings.  In sum, as I detailed in my Record statement of January 13 when we introduced this bill, and at the hearing on this bill in March, passing this legislation is the right thing to do as a matter of copyright policy, it's the fair thing to do, and it is clearly in the best economic interests of the Nation. I urge its adoption.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  