 For the most part, many of these are States with a higher benefit level. These States have decided they were going to spend what they needed to spend to have a poor family be able to exist in their States. What I object to about the Dole bill is that a State is locked out because a State has had a high benefit level and a maintenance of effort and has been willing to provide for their people. Now, they are frozen out of the growth fund.  California, the biggest State, with the most poor people: there is nothing in the growth fund for California. And the reason that is being given is, well, you do not deserve any money because you fund half of $607 a month from California taxpayers to support poor people. So, because California and these 27 other States have had a higher maintenance of effort, and said we are going to fund poor people, suddenly they are left out of any growth fund. There is no hold harmless. They are left out. They are locked out, and that is what I object to in this language.  You can come to California, or any high cost-of-living State, and attempt to live. And it is very much tougher. This is the way the formula has been figured now for over a half century--based on a state match. The Hutchison formula is a stark change from that. But it is a penalty. And it says if you have funded your poor people in the past, as a State, you are now not going to figure into the growth formula.  So let me say another thing. The House of Representatives in its wisdom has passed a formula which is straight across the board based on growth in a State. The only difference in what they did and what I am suggesting we do is base it on growth of poor people. If a State wants to support their poor population, I think that is fine. If they do not, what we are saying, if the Hutchison language is accepted, is, therefore, the Federal Government should reward them for not doing it by providing a growth fund for them. And I frankly cannot agree as someone who has participated in local government helping make some of these decisions. I simply cannot agree that that is the fair way to do it.  So we have presented this. Again 28 States benefit, I have given the amounts. Twenty-two States lose money in this way.  But I believe it is fair. It is based on a census as ratified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services.  How much time do I have remaining?  