 President, I want to address the securities reform veto override. It is my intention to support the override effort, and I would like to summarize for the Record my views on the legislation and my reasons for supporting the bill. Because the senior Senator from Connecticut is here, I would like to ask him a series of questions, if I might, and see if I am correct in my assumptions, and, if I am not, give him the opportunity to clarify my concerns. As you know, the senior Senator is one of the main cosponsors of this bill.  The first involves the so-called license to lie challenge to the safe harbor. I spent about 6 hours with various representatives of the high-technology companies and representatives of the SEC on the safe harbor. At the time the SEC would not sign off on language that they wanted and included in the bill. Subsequently, SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt did sign off on the safe harbor legislation, a decision confirmed by letter from Chairman Levitt, that has already been introduced into the Record.  I would like to state my understanding of the safe harbor and see if the senior Senator of Connecticut concurs.  To claim the protection of the safe harbor, an individual company officer must clearly identify the statement, either written or oral, as a forward-looking statement. By forward-looking statement, I mean a statement that applies it to economic projections, estimates, or other future events. The safe harbor cannot be claimed by certain groups of individuals--and I will go into that shortly. This statement must be accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements, identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. That is to say, the statement must be accompanied by a clear warning that identifies the risk that the future may not turn out as forecast. This warning cannot be routine warning language, but must be specific to the forward-looking statement.  Is that a correct understanding of this bill?  