 President, I am pleased that the Senate Appropriations Committee has wisely earmarked $350 million for the Office of Population at the U.S. Agency for Development because I understand the extreme importance of family planning program availability and population assistance.  Investment in population assistant programs today will save us from much more costly investments in the future when unchecked population growth results in environmental deterioration, scarcity of resources, and pronounced economic hardship. Overpopulation is one of the most serious problems our world faces today.  Reducing spending in these areas will have the immediate effect of negatively impacting, in a serious way, the health and well-being of women and children.  However, I oppose the attempt to prevent these U.S. funds deemed for population planning assistance from contributing to the United Nations Fund for Population Activities [UNFPA]. I would like to emphasize a few particulars about this international organization.  UNFPA is the primary multilateral organization providing global family planning and population assistance programs. UNFPA directly manages one-third of the world's population assistance to developing countries; its work has saved countless numbers of lives since its inception.  Programs managed by UNFPA improve the quality and safety of contraceptives available to women which contributes to reducing the incidence of abortion. UNFPA does not support abortion or abortion-related activities.  UNFPA helps improve women's reproductive health and provides both maternal and child heath care--basic health care services which are largely unavailable throughout the developing world.  I am dismayed by opponents of UNFPA who wrongly submit that this organization is involved in providing abortion services in China or otherwise. This is simply not the case. Let me state again, UNFPA is not involved in abortion services anywhere.  UNFPA has proven its expertise in this area since its founding in 1969, increasing availability of contraceptives in the developing world, reducing population growths, and saving lives. I believe that U.S. contributions to the U.N. Fund for Population Activities is appropriate and wise, and I oppose this attempt to prevent funding to be used for this purpose.  