 President, I rise today in support of the amendment offered by the Senator from Arkansas which provides $10 million for the Troops-to-Cops Program and $42 million for the Troops-to-Teachers Program. I am happy to be an original cosponsor of this important amendment.  Senator Pryor has discussed the Troops-to-Teachers Program, and I would like to focus on the Troops-to-Cops Program.  The program--administered by the Justice Department in coordination with the Department of Defense--provides $5,000 per officer for training to local police and sheriffs departments to hire former military personnel as law enforcement officers. This funding can be used to support the following: tuition at a police training academy; costs of local ``compliance'' training if the veteran attended an out-of-state police academy; the costs of specialized training in community policing.  Local law enforcement agencies can use Troops to Cops funds to pay for training of eligible recently separated military personnel.  Troops to Cops was initially authorized in the 1994 DOD authorization bill. Last year, the Appropriations Committee provided $15 million for this program. The fiscal year 1995 funding will provide training assistance for 3,000 former military personnel who elect to become law enforcement officers. I am proposing to provide $10 million more in fiscal year 1996 to provide training for 2,000 more.  For an investment of $25 million over 2 years, Congress has an opportunity to help provide good jobs for our former military personnel and make our streets safer. In my view, few Government programs offer such a win-win scenario as this program does. Troops to Cops fills two important needs: It helps our communities recruit quality law enforcement officers; At the same time it utilizes the tremendous wealth of skilled military personnel who are transitioning to new jobs as a result of defense downsizing.  Troops to Cops is a transitional benefit for troops affected by downsizing. In fiscal year 1994 alone, 291,000 troops were separated from the armed forces.  The Department of Justice is in the process of administering this program as a part of the overall COPS Program. Applications for the funds are due on August 15, 1995, and the COPS office anticipates making its awards by the end of September. The delay in implementation of this program is due to the emphasis on actually getting the crime bill's funding for officers to the police and sheriff's departments. Troops to Cops is follow-on funding to help make the program work.  The Department of Justice is expecting applications for htis program to far exceed the ability they have to provide funding. And, the Department of Defense expects the demand among military personnel to far exceed the funding that is currently available for Troops to Cops.  According to the Defense Department's Office of Transition Support and Services, one of the most asked about post-military careers at DOD job fairs is law enforcement. Many veterans want to work in law enforcment, and police and sheriffs departments are often eager to hire them.  The $52 million authorized by this amendment en toto is fully offset. According to the Congressional Budget Office, section 431 of the bill contains $52 million more than is needed to implement the military personnel programs of the Department of Defense. So, this amendment does not increase spending over the original Armed Services Committee proposal.  The Troops-to-Cops Program is supported by a variety of cities, police departments and veterans organizations, including: National Sheriffs' Association; city of Long Beach, CA; Los Angeles County Professional Peace Officers Association; city of Virginia Beach, VA; city of Los Angeles; city and county of Denver, CO; city of Miami, FL; Non-Commissioned Officers Association of the U.S.; Los Angeles Police Protective League; and The American Legion.  Troops to Cops is a win-win program for defense conversion and law enforcement. We can give something back to our military personnel who served their country, as well as to our communities across the country to make their streets safer.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment which would authorized $10 million to continue the work of the Troops-to-Cops program.  