 President, I have been trying to understand the substitute amendment versus the underlying Daschle amendment. I would like to say what I believe, based on about 10 minutes of study, this does.  As I understand it, what the amendment of Senator Daschle, the minority leader, does is it takes $1.3 billion from FEMA, fiscal year 1997, and it restores certain cuts that have been recommended for children and educational programs.  What I understand the majority leader's amendment to have done is it restores fiscal year 1997 FEMA funds, $1.3 billion, and it cuts even more deeply. It cuts the children's and the education programs, plus it cuts a whole series of programs including Radio Free Europe, legal services, foreign operations, the biological survey, libraries, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, airport and airway trust fund, highways, AmeriCorps, and the youth bill. So, essentially, as I understand it, we have two rather clear choices on the floor of the U.S. Senate, one of which is the Dole approach which is much deeper, and the Daschle approach that says let us make cuts but what we cut, let us not cut the most vulnerable in our society, the future of our society--children and education.  I want to take a couple of minutes and speak to that because I think it is a worthy attempt, even as rescissions are being made, to take a good look at what we are doing and saying as we talk about investment in the future. As we talk about investing in economic infrastructure, should we also invest in our human infrastructure of which the most important part is our children? In order to secure the future of our children, the most important part is their education.  I would like to speak specifically to the Dole amendment. We all know that, regardless of what version it is, there is going to be welfare reform in this session of Congress. We all desire it. And so to people in this Nation, as [[Page S4973]] has so often been said by Senator Gramm of Texas--the time has come for people to get out of the cart and help push it.  In order to push it, it means go to work. But if you are poor, if you are female, if you have children, and if you are on welfare, you are going to need child care to go to work.  So, does it make sense as we talk about investment in our future to cut child care? I think it does not because we just complicate the problem downstream. So I believe that rescission, that cut, is not a prudent investment in our future.  Head Start--what is Head Start? Head Start is a concept. We have 16 million youngsters in this Nation growing up in poverty. The concept is that if we can get children young with their parents to come in at a very early age, if we can counsel with those parents--these are poor parents, poor children--if we can counsel with them, if we can begin early on to teach them the discipline and structure of learning that when they get into the grade they will be able to keep up with their class instead of what so many know happen, that there is an emotional dropping out followed by an intellectual dropping out, followed by a physical dropping out of children in the elementary school years--guess what? What has been found is that, if you apply the Head Start concept well, not sloppily but well--which involves bringing in the family--children do better. They graduate with higher grades. Guess what? By the age of 19 they are much more likely to get a job. That is the investment in the future. That is what Head Start speaks to. Properly carried out it works.  So I ask the question: Does it then make sense in this rescission package to cut back on Head Start? I answer that question by saying no, it does not. Let us take another one that has been bandied with on the floor. AmeriCorps. I have just heard AmeriCorps is not just for people who are struggling. It is not for the middle class, it has youngsters and adults in it, and it has youngsters whose parents are doctors, or so on. It is my understanding that over 75 percent of those admitted to AmeriCorps thus far have incomes of under $50,000. Do I believe that 100 percent of the parents of the youngsters going into AmeriCorps should have incomes of under $50,000? The answer is, yes, I do. But the vast majority of participants come from moderate- to low-income families, and AmeriCorps is clearly a worthy program.  Let me speak as a mayor who more than a decade ago took $1 million of community development block grant money in San Francisco and began a new program, the first urban conservation corps in this Nation. It has since been replicated by 22 big cities. You can imagine the pride I had when I had Mayor Tom Bradley of Los Angeles come up to San Francisco to learn from us how we took youngsters age 16 to 23, very fragile youngsters with no work ethic, with a background of juvenile delinquency and began to teach them a work ethic and put them to work building bike paths, restoring park areas, painting over graffiti, doing public works projects, repairing places in housing authority projects. And those youngsters learned a work ethic. They went out at the end of the year and could get a job. I think it was the most successful program I did.  This is what AmeriCorps is built on. It is built on the concept of a conservation corps where you take young people, where you teach them a work ethic and whereas they work, they can earn, and in this case earn a college scholarship. It is a vital program. Again, is it as important an investment in our economic infrastructure as free trade may be? I think it is. Because again, it is teaching our young people a skill which they are able to use and then further their education.  Let us take WIC, the Women, Infants, and Children Program. When I was mayor I used to go down to where food was given out in San Francisco. I would see pregnant women come in, again many of them undernourished, again many of them troubled, many of them not able to provide a nutritious meal. Sure. They would go out and buy a bag of potato chips. They would eat high-fat food. But they were not nutritious meals.  What WIC has done is offer an opportunity to develop a cost-effective birth system for people who are poor and deprived in this Nation because they are able to get some foods that are nutritious during the term of pregnancy and produce youngsters who come into this world with a chance. In a way, it is a cost-effective investment in our future.  Let me talk about cuts in education. Today, all across the United States of America we graduate kids from schools that cannot read or write, multiply, divide or add, recognize China on a map, fill out an employment application, or follow a bus schedule. These are actual examples. They are not made up. They are true. It is called the failure of American public education.  Where American public education fails the most is in the elementary school. That is where Head Start and that is where chapter 1 comes in.  Chapter 1 again are funds that go to States for basic remedial and primary education. It is reading, it is writing, it is arithmetic, and it goes to those school districts that have poor children in them. It is a very big ticket item for California, the largest State in the Union.  For me this cut for California schools means a loss of $8.7 million of the anticipated $729 million in fiscal year 1995. If these rescissions are cut, the county of Los Angeles loses $2.5 million for reading and writing and arithmetic for poor children. That is what chapter 1 does.  One of the things that I have believed in is that we should go to a decentralized public education system. We should allow schools to float free. We should provide standards of education for young people. What is the degree of proficiency you should have in reading, in writing, in math for promotion? What is the knowledge of social service? What is the knowledge of science programs that you should have to promote? What Goals 2000 did was provide a voluntary mandate to schools to establish tough curriculum standards. Is that an investment in our future in terms of building a young work corps of youngsters that are able to get a job in an economy that is becoming more and more high-technology, where you have to understand computers to work in factories?  I think the answer clearly is yes, this is the future. So Goals 2000 spoke to that, spoke to tougher education standards. Chapter 1 talks to basic reading skills. I think these cuts are not necessary.  The bottom line is, as I look at the majority leader's amendment and the minority leader's amendment, what I see is the possibility of putting together an amendment that is bipartisan, that could achieve additional cuts, if that is what people are looking for, and not impact children and not impact education.  Now, there are those who believe that education and children are the fuzzy issues in our society. I am not one of them. I speak as a former mayor. I speak as somebody who has seen a lot of trials and a lot of tribulation, who knows the streets. I think the future of America is our kids. I think it is wrong to cut from our kids at this point in time.  Pick up a newspaper today and see where another youngster in Los Angeles is shot in the head standing at the side of his home. That kind of thing must stop. Drug-free and safe schools are cut in this rescission package. If there is anything we should be doing it is ending drug use at school, it is making schools safe. To do it, you have to start early. If you start late, it is too late. If you start in the middle school, it is too late. You must start in the elementary school.  Mrs. Reagan said, ``Just say no to drugs.'' And guess what? If kids believe that early enough, it works. If you wait until it is too late, it does not work. So why at this point in time do we cut drug-free and safe schools? Is that a prudent investment in the future? I think not.  So what I say in a summary sentence or two, just having heard what has happened on this floor this morning, there are things in the substitute amendment that I could buy. There are things in the rescission package that many of us cannot buy. Why not sit down and try to put together a package that protects our future, protects our young people, and protects our education? I think it can be done if there is a will in this body to do so.  I thank the Chair.   [[Page S4974]] 