 President, I rise, not to discuss this subject, but to discuss another. I had a placeholder at 5:30 to introduce four amendments to this bill. But knowing that the proponents of the bill would very much like to have it passed without amendment, I simply would like to make a statement about these amendments and then hope to work on a bipartisan basis to achieve some consensus and propose them later.  Mr. President, the amendments I was going to propose were in an area of congressional reform, which is as important as any area in this bill. It is campaign spending reform. I think campaign spending reform actually is more important, because it has so solidly conditioned the atmosphere of the public with respect to campaigns.  I was going to propose four amendments, the first, on spending limits. As I understood it, there was substantial objection to the public finance aspect of spending limits. The amendment I would propose would contain the spending limits of the prior Senate bill. In other words, the limit per State would be based on voting-age population. It would range from a high of $8.1 million in a large State such as California and a low of $1.5 million in the smallest State. In exchange for complying with these voluntary spending limits, a candidate would be entitled to a half-price discount broadcast rate, a reduced postage rate, and a complying candidate would be able to match an opponent that would not abide by the spending limit or exceed the spending limit without regard for the individual contribution limit of $1,000. That would be the balance.  The second amendment would limit PAC contributions to 20 percent of the total raised.  The third amendment would require a candidate to state at the end of their television ad in the last 4 seconds, clearly and definitively, speaking on the tube, that ``I believe the facts in this advertisement to be true.''  The fourth amendment would be in the area of personal funds. They would require a candidate to declare if they intend to spend in excess of $250,000 or, second, in excess of $1 million in the race, within 15 days of qualifying as a candidate. If their answer was in the affirmative, then gradually the individual contribution limits applicable to the opponent would be raised. So, again, you would have the opportunity to achieve a more level playing field.  Let me briefly state the rationale. I think there is probably no campaign in the Nation that better demonstrates the need for campaign spending reform than does the recent California Senate race. In my own election, and in others around the country, voters, I believe, saw some of the worst features of campaigns repeating themselves. There were spiraling campaign costs. More than $45 million was spent in the California Senate race. There was a virtual arms race of negative political advertisements day after day, beginning in February in California. One area my amendment would address, for example, is where there was a negative ad in the sense of one candidate referring to their opponent, the station broadcasting the ad would have to make a disclaimer. That is, this station has no way of ascertaining the truth of the ad that is about to appear. One of the problems we found is that people automatically believe a paid commercial spot is true, in the same way they believe a paid commercial spot for a product is true, and, of course, there is legitimate recourse for a false commercial spot. What we found is that there is no recourse for a false political spot. The station must run the spot, even if it is blatantly false.  Therefore, why not have the station come forward and say that this station has no way of ascertaining the truth or falsity of the spot which is about to appear.  The total amount of funds spent in the 1994 election cycle nationally is staggering. Spending by Senate and House candidates who survived primaries was $596 million, up 17 percent from 1992 and up 50 percent from 1990. Fifty percent more funds were spent in this race than just 4 years ago. Democratic candidates spent a record of $292 million, up 8 percent from 1992. And Republican candidates spent a record of $294 million, up 29 percent from 1992.  The source of this is the Federal Election Commission.  Now, we all know that there is no room in campaigns for people with sensitive feelings.  However, in the 1994 campaign, negative messages, groundless attacks on character, and distorted images dragged political advertising to a new low.  I would like to quote from an op-ed appearing in the New York Times and authored by Regionald Brack, chairman of Time Inc., and also chairman of the Advertising Council, which sponsors public-service ads. He reports:       The cutthroat ads followed a disturbing formula. In      clipped, agitated tones, attack your opponent's character.      Distort his or her record. Associate him or her with      extremists or unpopular political figures. To awaken fear,      work in a between-the-lines racist message; foster suspicion,      insinuate corrupt behavior. And by all means, steer clear of      substantive issues.  Examples abound.       This year one ad implied that a candidate might have lied      about drug abuse.       At least two candidates suggested that their opponents'      political philosophies were somehow to blame for the      kidnapping and murder of a 12-year-old and for the lethal      rampage of a foe of abortion.       Each political party charged that the other would      significantly erode Social Security, Medicare, and other such      programs dear to the electorate.  It is these 30-second negative ads that are driving politics in America today and turning away the American voter.  These ads, which are short on substance and long on attack, are shaping the political debate.  A post-election poll indicated that 75 percent of the respondents who said they voted in November said they were [[Page S645]] turned off by negative ads. In an election in which only 39 percent of the eligible voters went to the polls, 58 percent of those who did not vote said negative ads had influenced their decision to stay home.  Now, what is the problem? What I found the problem to be, is that even if a candidate wants to take the high road and deal with issues, the simple fact is you cannot. And I want to tell you why.  Focus group after focus group suggests this: The negatives drive through; the positives do not.  When you ask in a focus group what do you remember most about this or that candidate, what they remember are the negative ads, and what they do not believe are the positive ads of record and accomplishment that a candidate may run. Therefore, what you find, as you watch poll numbers in big races, is that a candidate has to respond in kind to negative ads and if you try to respond to an attack with positives, the poll numbers drop. You also have to respond in quantity and equally to the opponent to have an effect.  Consumers can file a complaint about false advertising of consumer products. But the aggrieved candidate has no legitimate recourse in a race. In my campaign, one television station began to run its own disclaimer before an attack ad saying that although the ad, they believed, was not correct, they still had to run it.  Another disturbing problem is the specter of super-wealthy candidates being able to buy a seat. In the 1994 election, several candidates received as much as 16 to 17 percent of their total funds from loans out of their own pockets--the highest proportion since at least 1986.  At least one way, I believe, the campaign system can offset the advantage of personal wealth without running afoul of the First Amendment and the Buckley versus Valeo decision is simply to loosen the constraints on the opponent. If a candidate declares up front that, ``I'm going to contribute either $250,000, up to $1 million, or over $1 million in personal funds,'' then the individual contribution limits on the opponent are adjusted gradually so that the opponent then can compete.  Last, I strongly believe that campaign reform must look at the prevalence of contributions by PAC's. There is a real distortion in the public's mind that policymakers are beholden to special interests, and the special interests are the so-called PAC's, which overshadow average citizens, and impair, the public believes, an official's ability to make policy decisions based on national interests.  Current law is thought to favor PAC's in two key respects. Most PAC's qualify as multicandidate committees and, as such, they may contribute up to $5,000. Now, in prior legislation, the Senate has banned PAC's altogether, and the House has opposed such a move.  It seems to me that a fair compromise between the two is simply to limit the amount of PAC dollars a candidate can receive so that it does not exceed 20 percent of whatever the candidate raises.  So I hope, Mr. President, in the future, to present these amendments, either separately or as a whole. There is no public finance in any of them. We would establish a campaign spending limit. We would be able to better bring about truth in advertising. We would be able to level the playing field when personal wealth is considered. And we would be able to reduce considerably the so-called involvement of special interests in campaigns.  They are simple, they are direct, they make sense.  So I will, in the days to come, be approaching, on both sides of the aisle, Members in hopes that I can put together a bipartisan commitment to just these four simple amendments and move them forward, either separately or as a whole.  I thank you for your indulgence, Mr. President.  I yield the floor.  