 President, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts. I thank the Senator from Washington for all the work she has done on this matter.  I really address my remarks, Mr. President, to 43 Members of this body, and I want to share with them some of my thoughts and see where they register with them.  Let me start by saying that my basic belief regarding this nominee is that--in the absence of any compelling evidence of misconduct, insufficiency of professional qualifications, or flaws in character--the Senate owes it to the President and the nominee to conclude its advise-and-consent role and grant its approval. I say that particularly in view of what has happened to his predecessor.  In my belief, it is not appropriate for a minority of the Senate to prevent a vote on a Presidential selection based on unsubstantiated arguments about what Dr. Foster might have known or should have said. That is not the Senate's role.  In addition, it is unprecedented to deny the President even an up or down vote on a well-qualified nominee for a public health position such as Surgeon General.  Therefore, I believe that Dr. Foster is entitled to an up or down vote by the Senate. Not a procedural vote, but a real majority vote that will show the Nation that a majority of Senators favor Dr. Foster.  Let me also say that I believe that many of the concerns raised by Dr. Foster's opponents over the last 5 months have been a smokescreen of false issues, innuendo, and other distractions designed to obscure the central issue here, which is a woman's right to choose an abortion.  However, I am grateful that Dr. Foster's nomination has been investigated approved by the Labor Committee by a 9-7 vote and finally been brought to the Senate floor. It is my hope that in the remaining time for debate, Dr. Foster's real qualifications can be made clear and any remaining issues can be raised and answered, once and for all, and that a few more Senators can be persuaded.  The concerns of Dr. Foster's critics boil down to a few basic elements, which we have continued to hear over and over. These arguments are:  Dr. Foster has insufficient professional qualifications and credentials to serve as Surgeon General;  Dr. Foster provided contradictory information on the number of abortions he has performed;  Dr. Foster knew about the Tuskegee experiment, in which 400 black men with syphilis were left untreated, before it was revealed in 1972;  Dr. Foster performed sterilizations of mentally retarded women during the 1970's; and  Dr. Foster's I Have a Future teenage pregnancy prevention program focuses on contraception rather than abstinence.  While most of these issues have already been thoroughly addressed and dismissed, I would like to briefly summarize the factual responses to each of them, based on what I have learned:  On the issue of Dr. Foster's qualifications and credentials, I believe that they are impressive. Dr. Foster, is in rough chronological order:  A graduate of Morehouse College and the University of Arkansas medical school;  A former U.S. Air Force captain;  An examiner for the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists;  An advisor to the National Institutes on Health and the FDA on maternal and child health;  A member of the National Board of Medical Examiners, the accreditation council for graduate medical education, and the board of the March of Dimes;  A Distinguished Practitioner recognized in 1987 by the National Academies of Practice;  Acting president of Meharry Medical College, where he has served for the last 21 years as dean of Medicine and Chairman of Obstetrics.  On the issue of the contradictory estimates of abortions Dr. Foster performed and his overall credibility:  A review of 38 years of medical records determined that the actual number of abortions Dr. Foster has performed or been the doctor of record are small in number [39]--particularly in view of his estimated delivery of 10,000 live babies.  The initial confusion surrounding this number resulted from Dr. Foster having been listed as the attending physician for additional procedures that he himself did not perform, as well as disputes over whether hysterectomies Dr. Foster performed to protect the health of women should be counted as abortions if pregnancies were discovered during the procedure.  During his hearing, Dr. Foster provided the following explanation of the early contradictions: ``In my desire to provide instant answers to the barrage of questions coming at me, I spoke without having all the facts at my disposal.'' The majority of the committee found this explanation reasonable enough to approve the nominee.  On the claim that Dr. Foster consented to the infamous experiments at the Tuskegee Institute:  While Dr. Foster was at Tuskegee during the time of the study, his expertise was maternal and child health rather than sexually transmitted diseases;  A full committee investigation showed that the possibility Dr. Foster knew about the study is tenuous at best, resting on assumptions about what he should have known or might have been told, rather than direct evidence; the doctor whose statements have been used to suggest Dr. Foster failed to act promptly has stated repeatedly that Dr. Foster did not know of the study before it was revealed in 1972.  Without any direct or concrete evidence that Dr. Foster actually knew about the experiments and failed to take action, it is not reasonable to judge him a participant or to burden him with the responsibility of having to shut down an experiment he did not control nor was he a party of this ill-conceived study. [[Page S 8859]]   On the assertion that Dr. Foster performed sterilizations of mentally retarded women:  Dr. Foster sterilized retarded girls at the request of their parents under the established practice guidelines and ethics of the times, and wrote sensitively about these cases and the danger and tragedy of forced sterilization in 1974;  If there were any real questions about Dr. Foster's ethics, he would not have been endorsed by every major medical association in the United States.  On the claim that I Have a Future Program does not promote abstinence:  This after-school program focuses on delaying teenage pregnancy, including providing education about abstinence and increasing self-esteem as a way of preventing early sexual activity. Only if necessary are participants referred to medical personnel for information about contraception;  Every press article and description I have seen talks about how the program emphasizes abstinence and does not just throw condoms at the kids. Whether or not all program brochures include the word ``abstinence'' or not is not the central issue.  In fact, the central motivation for the I Have a Future Program was Dr. Foster's observation that simply providing contraceptives to at-risk teens was not an effective form of pregnancy prevention for at-risk teens, and self-esteem and personal goal-setting must be included.  Should he be denied because abstinence was not on a piece of paper?  In all, here is a man who has impressive qualifications, an upstanding character, and reputation for integrity in his home community and among his professional peers. He has no glaring flaw that justifies denying him confirmation.  Instead--and this is increasingly clear--there is just one real reason that he is being opposed: he performed 39--the number is disputed--medically necessary legal abortions as part of a career that includes 10,000 deliveries of live babies.  What I would like to point out is that 39 is an amazingly small number, considering the human situations that Dr. Foster has encountered--women who have been raped; women whose mental or physical condition is such that they could not give birth; questions of major fetal deficiencies.  The fact is that out of 10,000 live babies delivered, there were few cases where Dr. Foster performed a medically necessary and appropriate abortion. To me, this is a very small number.  Were the procedures legal? Were they in accord with medical standards and performed as part of his established responsibilities? The answer to these questions, of course, is yes. Nothing has been raised to contradict this statement.  What is clear to me from the last 5 months of debate over Dr. Foster's nomination is that there is now a question whether any obstetrician could ever hold the office of Surgeon General if they have performed even one legal, medically appropriate abortion.  That clearly is the question in my mind. I really believe the issue is that simple. And I strongly believe that the answer to that question should be yes.  I believe this body has but one choice and I am hopeful that, of the 43 there are 3 who will come forward and simply say, in fairness, Dr. Henry Foster deserves a vote in this body.  I yield the floor.  