 President, as everyone knows, about a week ago the Judiciary Committee held hearings on this so-called partial-birth abortion legislation. I wanted to speak today on what I learned from the hearings and my reasons for opposing this bill. Let me summarize those reasons up front, and then go into each one specifically.  First, I believe that this bill attempts to ban a specific medical procedure which is called, in this bill, a ``partial-birth abortion,'' but there is no medical definition for what a ``partial-birth abortion'' is.  Second, the language in the bill is so vague that I believe it will affect more than any one single medical procedure.  Third, the bill presumes guilt on the part of the doctor, so that every physician may have to prove that in fact he did not perform this procedure, or justify his reasons for so doing if he did.  This bill could be an unnecessary, I think an unconscionable complication to families who face many tragic circumstances involving severely deformed fetuses. I also believe it is an unnecessary Federal regulation, since 41 States have already outlawed post-viability abortions, except to save a woman's life or health.  Finally, I hope to make a case that this bill is very carefully crafted to provide a direct challenge to Roe versus Wade.  First and foremost, this legislation claims to outlaw a medical procedure called a partial-birth abortion. As I said, this medical term does not, in fact, exist. It does not appear in medical textbooks. It does not appear in medical records. The medical doctors who testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee 2 weeks ago could not identify, with any degree of certainty or consistency, what medical procedure this legislation refers to.  I would like to read some of the responses to my question in the committee, when I asked these doctors what a partial birth abortion is.  Dr. Pamela Smith, director of ob/gyn medical education at Mt. Sinai Hospital in Chicago, said it was ``* * * a perversion of a breech extraction.''  Dr. Nancy Romer, a practicing ob/gyn and assistant professor at Wright State University School of Medicine, said it is ``a dilation and extraction, distinguished from dismemberment-type D&Es.''  Dr. Norig Ellison, President of the American Society of Anesthesiologists, who was at the hearing to represent anesthesiologists who supposedly participate in these procedures, said, ``I pass on that one. I am as confused as you are.''  And, Dr. Mary Campbell, medical director of planned parenthood of Washington, defined it as ``* * * a procedure in which any part of the fetus emerges from the cervix before the fetus has been documented to be dead.''  Others have said it is an ``intact dilation and evacuation,'' or a ``total breech extraction.''  I asked Dr. David Grimes of the University of California at San Francisco this same question, and he put it in writing.       First, the term being used by abortion opponents,      ``partial-birth abortion,'' is not a medical term. It is not      found in any medical dictionary or gynecology text. It was      coined to inflame, rather than to illuminate. It lacks a      definition.       As I understand the term, opponents of abortion are using      this phrase to describe one variant of the dilation and      evacuation procedure, known as a D&E, which is the dominant      method of second trimester abortion in the United States.       Second trimester abortion.       If one does not use the D&E, the alternative methods of      abortion after 12 weeks gestation are total birth abortion--     labor induction is more costly and painful--or hysterotomy,      which is the more costly, painful, and hazardous.       Given the enviable record of safety of all D&E methods as      documented by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,      there is no public health justification for any regulation or      intervention in a physician's decisionmaking with the      patient.  Then I asked one of the professors who testified at the hearing about this. I will get to what he said in a moment. But for just 1 minute let me read the exact language of the bill. We have heard testimony from the authors that this refers to a breech extraction by stopping the head from leaving the birth canal and injecting scissors into the base of the skull and draining fluid. But the definition of the bill is entirely different. The bill says, ``The term `partial-birth abortion' means an abortion in which the person performing the abortion partially delivers a living fetus before killing the fetus and completing the delivery.'' There is no reference to scissors in the bill. There is no reference to drawing fluid from the brain in this bill. In fact, many people believe that the purpose of this bill is really to get at second trimester abortions.  I believe that the language in this bill, Mr. President, is vague for very deliberate reasons, because by making it vague every doctor that performs even a second trimester abortion could face the possibility of prosecution in that he or she could be hauled before a court and have to defend their abortion. So this bill in effect could affect all abortions.  I asked the legal and medical experts who testified at the Judiciary Committee hearing last week if this legislation could affect abortion--not just late-term abortions but earlier abortions of nonviable fetuses as well. Dr. Louis Seidman, professor of law from Georgetown, gave the following answer, and I quote:       . . . as I read the language, in a second trimester pre-     viability abortion where the fetus will in any event die, if      any portion of the fetus enters the birth canal prior to the      technical death of the fetus, then the physician is guilty of      a crime and goes to prison for 2 years.  That is a law professor's reading of the bill. He then continued his testimony, and I quote:       If I were a lawyer advising a physician who performed      abortions, I would tell him to stop because there is just no      way to tell whether the procedure will eventuate in some      portion of the fetus entering the birth canal before the      fetus is technically dead, much less being able to      demonstrate that after the fact.  Dr. Richardson, associate professor of gynecology and obstetrics at Johns Hopkins, in testimony before a House Committee said, ``[the language] . . . is vague, not medically oriented, and just not correct. In any normal second trimester abortion procedure by any method, you may have a point at which a part, a one-inch piece of [umbilical] cord, for example, of the fetus passes out of the cervical [opening] before fetal demise has occurred.  So contrary to proponents' claims, this bill could affect far more than just the few abortions performed in the third trimester and far more than just one procedure being described.  Another part of this bill which is very troubling to me is that an affirmative defense automatically presumes guilt. The legislation provides what is known as the ``affirmative defense,'' whereby an accused physician could escape liability only by proving that he or she ``reasonably believed'' that the so-called banned procedure--whatever that procedure is proved to be--was necessary to save the woman's life and that no other procedure would have sufficed. I think it also opens the door to the prosecution of any doctor who performs a second or third trimester abortion for any purpose whatsoever.  As has been said, there is no health exception in this bill at this point. With that, it offers a direct challenge to both Roe versus Wade and Planned Parenthood versus Casey, both of which provide a health exception.  So, if this legislation were law, a pregnant woman seriously ill with diabetes, cardiovascular problems, cancer, stroke, or any other health-threatening illness would be forced to carry the pregnancy to term or run the risk that her physician could be challenged and have to prove in court, A, what procedure he actually used, and B, whether or not the abortion partially, vaginally delivered a living fetus before the death of that fetus.  One of the things that also came forward very clearly in this and is important to point out is that any third trimester abortion is virtually always used in the case of severe fetal abnormality, and the fact is that not always is this fetal abnormality able to be detected early in the pregnancy. Many women undergo sonograms and other routine medical procedures in the early weeks of pregnancy to monitor fetal development. If a woman is over 35 years of age, she may also undergo amniocentesis. These tests are not routine in women under 35. Ultrasound could also provide early detection of fetal anomalies. But these tests also add considerable expense and are not routinely used until late in pregnancy.  As a result, some women carry fetuses with severe birth defects late into pregnancy without knowing it. For example, fetal deformities that are not easy to spot early on in the pregnancy include: cases where the brain forms outside the skull, or the stomach and intestines form outside the body, or do not form at all; or fetuses with no eyes, ears, mouths, legs, or kidneys--sometimes tragically unrecognizable as human at all.  But even with advanced technology, many serious birth defects can only be identified later, often in the third trimester when the fetus reaches a certain size. Among those is hydrocephaly. Another abnormality is polyhydramnios--too much amniotic fluid.  So families that face these unexpected tragedies are often only diagnosed late in their pregnancy. In fact, both Senator Smith, I believe, and Senator Hatch said none of the women who came before the committee and talked about their third trimester abortion--all of which were the product of major fetal deformities--would be affected by that legislation, but every one of them testified after reading the bill and believing that they would have been affected by this legislation.  I think that only points out the vagueness and the flaws in the drafting of this legislation. In fact, no one knows who would really be affected by this legislation.  The next point I would like to make is that Roe already allows States to ban late-term abortions. It clearly allows States to ban all post-viability abortions unless necessary to protect a woman's life or health. And 41 States have already done that. So all I can believe is that the purpose of this bill is to invade a guarantee provided by Roe versus Wade, and that is to protect the health of the mother or the life of the mother.  As a matter of fact, my colleagues have made much of a statement made by an obstetrician/gynecologist, Dr. Martin Haskell, of Dayton, OH, who indicated that 80 percent of the late-term abortions he performed were so-called elective. I would like to point out that just this year Ohio became the 41st State to ban all post-viability abortions. So, clearly that State has taken care of whatever it was that Dr. Haskell was doing by banning all third-trimester abortions. As I said, 40 other States have done this. So this legislation is effectively unnecessary.  The whole focus of this Congress has been to remove the Federal Government where it is within the rights of the State to legislate. Yet this is the first time I can remember in this Congress, when the State has a clear right and ability to legislate and, in fact, has done so in 41 States, that the Federal Government is now saying, no, that is not enough. We want to legislate federally.  Let me touch for a moment on the commerce clause. I believe, and others do as well, that this legislation is meaningless under the commerce clause because it would only apply to patients or doctors who cross State lines in order to perform an abortion under these specific circumstances, whatever they may eventually be adjudicated to be. So what is the point?  The point is, that this legislation, I believe, has little or nothing to do with stopping the use of some horrific and unnecessary medical procedure performed by evil or inhumane doctors. If that were simply the case, we would all be opposed. I believe this legislation's major purpose is the camel's nose under the tent to get at second-trimester abortions and to put a fear over all legitimate physicians, obstetricians who do perform an abortion when an abortion is necessary--a fear that they could be hauled into court and have to defend themselves and prove that they did not perform whatever a partial-birth abortion is eventually adjudicated to be.  So the legislation is vague, it is flawed, and it presumes guilt on the part of the doctor. It ignores the vital health interest of women. I believe these are strong reasons to vote against this bill.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  