 President, I thank the Chair. I thank the Senator from Illinois for some very thoughtful, and I believe, sound comments. I find myself in agreement, Senator, with virtually everything that the Senator said.  I also thank the Senator from Connecticut for what has not been easy for someone on our side of the aisle, to take this level of leadership on the issue. I heard the Senator last night so eloquently put forward these facts.  Perhaps, in 1878, Benjamin Disraeli said it best when he offered these words in the British House of Lords:       No language can describe adequately the condition of that      large portion of the Balkan peninsula--Serbia, Bosnia and      Herzegovina and other provinces--[the] political intrigues,      constant rivalries, a total absence of all public spirit . .      . hatred of all races, animosities of rival religions and      absence of any controlling power . . . nothing short of an      army of 50,000 of the best troops would produce anything like      order in these parts.  And that was said 117 years ago.  We know that when Marshal Tito governed what was known as Yugoslavia, the strong central control kept down these 100-year-old animosities. Today, they have boiled to the point of no return.  Many have characterized UNPROFOR as a complete failure. I believe that exaggerates the case. After all, there has been a dramatic decrease in civilian casualties in Bosnia--from 130,000 in 1992 down to 3,000 in 1994. UNPROFOR deserves much of the credit for this decrease. However, it is undeniable that UNPROFOR has major shortcomings that have been exposed with increasing regularity.   We saw it on May 25, in Tuzla, a so-called U.N. safe-area, when 71 young people, all under age 28, were killed by a single Serb shell--one of many instances when Serb forces have eroded safe areas with attacks--without any retaliation, despite a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing such responses.  We saw it when 377 U.N. troops were taken hostage in June after a NATO airstrike on a Serb ammunition dump.  We saw it when Capt. Scott O'Grady's F-16 was shot down without a response, as scores of U.N. hostages were still held captive.  We see it every day, as U.N. peacekeepers attempt to protect innocent civilians, sometimes successfully, but often not.  And we saw it on June 10, when the U.N. mission in Sarajevo announced it would not respond to protect Moslem enclaves from attack without the consent of the Bosnian Serbs--the attackers.  I believe it is fair to say that U.N. forces have neither the mandate, the training, the equipment, nor the rules of engagement, to allow them to respond sufficiently to attacks against them or against civilian populations. They are meant to be observers to keep corridors for humanitarian aid open--not fighters.  These problems have taken their toll on public and congressional support for the present course. And they have taken their toll, I think unfairly, on support for UNPROFOR troops.  In Congress, there has been continuing debate over whether a unilateral or a multilateral lifting of the arms embargo against Bosnia, or the withdrawal of UNPROFOR troops altogether is the humane or the inhumane action to take. And because the United States has no troops on the ground in Bosnia, we have less leverage in influencing nations that do have troops on the ground.  But during the past week, events have reached a terrible watershed, and we have seen a startling and devastating turn: The three Eastern enclaves, Srebrenica, Zepa, and Gorazde, are falling to Serb aggression. Ethnic cleansing has taken a giant step forward.  Mr. President, 42,000 civilians from this area of Srebrenica have been separated from their families, and many of them are at this moment still being held hostage in a stadium in nearby Bratunac up here. Literally, thousands of refugees from Srebrenica remain unaccounted for, perhaps up to 20,000. We have heard ominous stories of women being taken hostage and raped, of summary executions, and of bodies lining the nearby roads.  A second safe area, Zepa, with some 16,000 Bosnian residents, is in the process of being overrun. Today, it is reported in the Los Angeles Times that Bosnian Government soldiers have said, they would use the 65 Ukrainian peacekeepers in Zepa as human shields against Serb attacks unless the United Nations called in NATO air power. What we see is that now the Bosnian forces are beginning to use the Serb tactics of taking hostages.  It has been shocking to see the ease with which these areas have and are falling. Dozens of U.N. observation posts have been abandoned, leaving unarmed Bosnian Moslems to try to defend themselves.  The third area, Gorazde, will be next, unless there is a will to use major airstrikes. Airstrikes were successfully employed in April 1994, to prevent a Serb invasion of Gorazde. However, such airstrikes are now made unlikely by the fear that Bosnian Serb forces will retaliate by taking more U.N. troops hostage. UNPROFOR weapons and equipment in the safe areas are being taken by Bosnians and used to fight the Serbs since the world has decided that the Bosnians cannot arm themselves.  This past weekend, I opened the New York Times, and saw photographs of elderly refugees in wheelbarrows, being wheeled over rough roads. I saw sobbing mothers and children. I also saw this picture. To me, it was a call for change.  I do not know this 20-year-old woman's name. She was a refugee from Srebrenica, and as she neared Tuzla, where the first camp was set up, this young woman decided she could not go on. She climbed a tree, tied a rope around her neck, and jumped. A photographer captured the image of her lifeless body hanging from the tree.  It is an image that haunts us. We do not know what humiliations and deprivations this woman suffered. Perhaps she saw a loved one killed. Perhaps she had been raped. Perhaps she simply could not bear the pain of being forced out of her home.  We only know that she could take no more. We only know that finally, the pain was too great. We only know that she could not endure any more suffering, any more indignity, any more barbarism. This was the act of a defenseless, vulnerable, beaten person. It was not the act of someone who had the ability to fight in self-defense.  Just as the anonymous white-shirted young man facing down a column of tanks in Tiananmen Square a few years ago conveyed the unspeakable message of oppression to the world, so did this photograph point eloquently to the world's failure in Bosnia.  The conscience of Europe and America must examine and reverse this terrible downhill slide now.  As the distinguished majority leader said yesterday at the beginning of this debate:       This debate is not just about Bosnia. This is not just      about a small European country under attack. This debate is      about American leadership and American principles, about NATO      strength and credibility, and about our place in history.  I have been a supporter of this administration's policy to this point, but recently certain things have been made clear:  First, the involved allied powers have stood against ethnic cleansing, and yet ethnic cleansing is taking place unabated on a continuing basis, as an unrelenting Serb military is allowed to rape, maim, and kill innocent people who cannot defend themselves, and whose military the world's powers are preventing from gaining access to sufficient arms.  Although the Bosnian Government forces have a significant manpower advantage over the Serbs, they face more than a 3-to-1 disadvantage in tanks, more than a 2-to-1 disadvantage in artillery, and a nearly 3-to-1 disadvantage in fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters.  Second, UNPROFOR's well-intentioned--and in some parts of the country successful--efforts have been shattered by a mandate that does not let them fight back, but has allowed them to be taken hostage, and allows their weaponry and equipment to be taken from them.  Third, beginning this past weekend, we have seen the fall of one of so-called safe areas; this week--the likely fall of a second; and shortly--the probable loss of third. With 70 percent of Bosnia in Serb hands, we must conclude that the present course needs to be changed.  I agree with those who have argued that the Dole-Lieberman resolution is not perfect. It probably will offend allies we do not want to, and should not, offend. It may contribute to an escalation of the war, and it may increase the likelihood that U.S. troops will be deployed to help UNPROFOR withdraw.  But I believe this resolution, in the absence of any other viable course of action, has one overriding redeeming value: It will establish unequivocally that the U.S. Senate believes that an afflicted and decimated people should be able to defend themselves.  Let me just give an example of the effects of the arms embargo. Earlier this week, I met with the Bosnian Foreign Minister in my office. He explained to me that despite their lack of heavy weapons, the Bosnian Government forces, who outnumber Bosnian Serb forces, have improved their battlefield performance in recent months. But, according to the Foreign Minister, the Bosnian troops still suffer a lot of casualties, the vast majority of which are fatal shrapnel wounds to the head.  Why is this significant? Because the arms embargo prevents the Bosnian Government from buying helmets for its forces. Helmets--one of the most essential pieces of equipment a soldier can have. And without them, many Bosnian soldiers are dying from shrapnel wounds to the head.  As a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, I have tried to learn as much as possible, to listen to and be advised by the experts. But I have not yet seen any viable plan to deal with and prevent the imminent taking of Gorazde.  This weekend, the United States will confer with its NATO allies in Europe on this situation. This meeting, in my view, is key and critical, and I hope that a course of action and a change of mandate will be presented. It is my hope that those attending these meetings will think about a scenario which could create an incentive for the parties to agree to a last cease-fire and cooling off period for a specific period of time, perhaps 3 to 6 months. The cease-fire would be enforced by three powers, using NATO troops under NATO command, employing aggressive air strikes to deter violations. The three powers would obviously be France, Britain, and the United States.  During the cease-fire, UNPROFOR troops and Moslem civilians would be allowed to safely evacuate the remaining indefensible--termed by the experts, everyone I have talked to, as indefensible--eastern enclave without interference, and be relocated to safe areas of Bosnian Government territory in central Bosnia or elsewhere.  At the same time, UNPROFOR troops could be reconfigured to only those areas where they can protect themselves and others, and carry out their mission of keeping open humanitarian aid corridors and facilitating the distribution of aid.  But one thing is clear. If UNPROFOR is to remain in Bosnia at all, their mandate and their mission must be changed. They must be able to defend themselves and fight back under a clear, decisive and expedited field command.  In return, during the cessation of hostilities, the Bosnian Government, the Bosnian Serbs, and the Croats must agree to one last effort to negotiate a fair apportionment of disputed lands.  If an agreement on land apportionment is not reached by the end of the cease-fire period, Britain, France, and the United States would agree to lift the arms embargo multilaterally.  Throughout this period, economic sanctions would be maintained and strengthened where possible against Serbia, with the understanding that they will not be lifted until a settlement in Bosnia is reached.  Perhaps--I say ``perhaps''--a scenario like this could have merit. I presented it last Thursday night to the Secretary of State, I presented it to the minority leader, and I have discussed it with the majority leader. I do not know whether it has merit. But I do know that in the absence of any other course of action, people must be able to defend themselves. And in the absence of any other constructive, precise, and well-defined effort, it will be my intention to vote for the Lieberman-Dole resolution.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  