 President, I want to tell you how I look at this. If one were to take the top trouble spots of the world and say which are most likely to have a nuclear confrontation, I would have to name India and Pakistan as one of the top two.  So what are we doing? We are adding to the arsenal of one of those two countries at a very sensitive time, at a time which is a few months before a general election in India, when flames of hatred between the two countries are now being fanned by politicians on both sides of the India-Pakistani border. We are taking this time and we are sending several hundred million dollars worth of equipment.  The P-3C aircraft capable of sophisticated surveillance; the 28 Harpoon missiles capable of air-to-surface or surface-to-surface launch; 360 AIM-9L surface-to-air missiles; 135 TOW-2 missile launchers; spare parts for F-16's, and other sophisticated equipment, and we are launching that into the middle of this situation.  I heard the same experts testify. None of them could answer the question, ``What does India do, then?'' That seems to me to be the central question.  I will tell you what I think India does. I think India deploys the Prithvi missile. That certainly changes the balance in the area, if it happens. And that is a very likely result of what we are doing here today.  Is Pakistan a friend? Yes. Has Pakistan been helpful in a number of different pursuits? Yes.  I say there is a way we can say thank you in an amendment which some of us will offer following this amendment, that will take what I consider to be the good parts of the Brown amendment, the economic help, the military networking, the antiterrorism help, the antinarcotic help, and also carry with it a sense of the Senate that will say, the honorable thing and the fair thing for us to do is sell the F-16's, repay the money to Pakistan, and provide whatever equity requires. That is the right thing to do. That is something that is not going to change the balance of power.  So, I believe very strongly that the Brown amendment is a mistake. I have had three security briefings. Those briefings run directly counter to statements made by Pakistan. Let me tell you what they run directly counter to.  ``We are a very responsible country and we do not believe in the proliferation of nuclear weapons.'' That is not true. That was a statement made by the Pakistani Foreign Minister in 1994. It is simply not true.  ``I want to say categorically and finally that Pakistan has not made nuclear weapons. Pakistan does not intend to make nuclear weapons.'' The Pakistani Foreign Minister, 1994. That statement is categorically untrue.  ``We have made a sovereign decision not to produce nuclear weapons.'' Again, a foreign ministry spokesman--untrue.  ``We have not detonated one, nor have we got nuclear weapons. Being a responsible state and state committed to nonproliferation, we in Pakistan, through five successive governments, have taken a policy decision to follow a peaceful nuclear program.''  I do not believe, based on three classified briefings, that these statements are true and correct. Therefore, I believe it is a mistake in judgment to add to the proliferation in the area by putting sophisticated weaponry in the hands of one of these countries at a time where there is a very sensitive and very difficult situation between the two countries.  I yield my time.  