 President, I want to lend my support to the compromise version of S. 908, the State Department Authorization bill.  I would like to take this opportunity to thank the distinguished Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Helms, and the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, and their staffs, for the many hours they devoted to the long, hard negotiations that were necessary to reach this compromise.  In particular, I want to recognize the efforts of the Senator from Massachusetts. He inherited a difficult, perhaps even thankless, task, and pursued it with his usual diligence, dedication, and wisdom. He had to balance the concerns of many of his colleagues, and of the Administration, while negotiating a very controversial bill. I believe the consolidation compromise he has struck with the Chairman is a good one, a workable one, and a fair one. I want to thank him for his efforts and commend him for his work.  The plan that emerged from the negotiations is a reasonable one. It requires the Administration to submit a plan to consolidate the foreign affairs agencies, but it gives them flexibility to decide how to do so effectively and responsibly.  They are tough standards that the Administration must meet. Within six months they must submit a reorganization plan to the Congress which achieves $1.7 billion in savings over five years. If Congress deems the plan to be unsatisfactory, we can pass a resolution of disapproval and force the Administration to submit a more acceptable plan.  But most importantly, the compromise does not require the Administration to eliminate USAID, USIA, or ACDA. They may decide to do so. But this bill gives the Administration an opportunity to figure out a way to achieve real savings and reform, without necessarily abolishing three valuable agencies that do important work: development and disaster assistance, negotiating and monitoring of arms control agreements, and international broadcasting and exchanges. This flexibility is the key.  The passage of this bill today will produce some other positive developments, many of them long overdue. With the disposition of S. 908, the Senate will be able to confirm 18 ambassadorial nominations and hundreds of foreign service officer promotions. We will also be able to consider the START II treaty before the end of this session, and the Chemical Weapons Convention in the spring.  Of all embassies that are waiting for ambassadors, I think none is more important than the one in Beijing, China, where our former colleague, James Sasser, will become United States Ambassador. I am confident that our country will be well served by the job that he, and the other nominees, will do in their new posts.  Finally, I do want to note that even with the consolidation compromise, there remain a number of provisions in S. 908 that I find deeply troubling. Several of them have to do with China.       Section 606 declares that the Taiwan Relations Act should      supersede the three U.S.-China joint communiques as the basis      of U.S. policy toward China and Taiwan.       Section 608 calls Tibet an ``occupied sovereign country,      and Section 609 requires that the President appoint a Special      Envoy for Tibet.       Section 415 requires USIA to submit a plan to create a      Radio Free Asia.       Section 611 erects an unnecessarily labyrinthine procedure      for screening products that may have been produced by forced      labor in China.  These provisions and others combine to create an unnecessary provocation in our relationship with China, at a time when the relationship is still recovering from a recent crisis. They threaten to undermine our One China Policy, which is the basis of the relationship, and to exacerbate tensions when we should be trying to ease tensions.  I look forward to working with my colleagues who will serve on the House-Senate conference on this bill, with the goal of removing or rewriting these provisions. I consider the successful resolution of these matters to be critical to my consideration of whether or not to support the conference report on this bill.  I am also hopeful that the consolidation plan will not be modified in conference. I am aware that the plan in the House bill does require the elimination of USAID, USIA, and ACDA. If the Senate compromise agreement is substantially altered in conference to reflect the more draconian House plan, it will be difficult, if not impossible for me to support the conference report.  Having said that, I believe it is important to get the State Department Authorization bill to conference, and I intend to support the bill today.  