  Seatbelts in the back seat. They would also not be able to require seatbelts in the back seat.  Because 90 percent of those killed in automobiles are people in the front seat, rear-seat fatalities are not likely to meet the statistical threshold that would allow the agency to require seatbelts in the back. My source for this information is the Department of Transportation's general counsel's office.  Airbags. If airbags were not already required by law, which they are, it is unclear under Dole-Johnston whether airbags could be required.  Again, this is because airbags, even though they are much safer, are also more costly than manual seatbelts or lap and shoulder belts. And again, the least cost alternative would have to be chosen.  Airline flight data recorders. This is the black box that we all read about when a plane goes down. If the standards of the Dole-Johnston bill were applied to airline flight data recorders, the FAA tells me that it might not be able to require flight data recorders on airlines.  This is because flight data recorders do not necessarily reduce immediate risks. Instead, they provide valuable information which can greatly enhance airline safety in the future.  The Glenn-Chafee bill, I believe, is far preferable. Unlike the Dole-Johnston bill, the Glenn-Chafee bill requires a rigorous cost-benefit analysis and permits both costs and benefits to be weighed intelligently, with public health and safety given its full and proper weight in the equation.  Now let me talk about petitions. The Dole-Johnston bill's petition process would allow special interests to challenge new rules and reopen existing rules, giving them unprecedented power to jam up the process.  By some estimates, the Dole-Johnston bill would allow 80 to 100 new reasons for challenging an agency rule. My source is attorneys who deal with these matters. With 80 to 100 new reasons for challenging an agency rule, agencies will be forced to divert their resources--their time, their staff, their dollars--to respond to these petitions.  Dole-Johnston would open the door to hundreds of additional lawsuits, increasing the volume and complexity of Federal litigation--some want that--and further clogging the court system.  This is one of the main reasons why the Justice Department strongly opposes this bill.  Let me give an example of some possible results.  Commuter airline safety. In recent months, there have been three crashes of commuter airlines in which a total of 40 people have been killed. Following a fatal commuter airline accident in December 1994, the Secretary of Transportation proposed new commuter airline safety regulations.  More and more people are flying commuter airlines. Having completed their own cost-benefit and risk-analysis assessment, the FAA is close to finalizing these new, urgently needed safety standards.  Again, the general counsel of the Department of Transportation informs us that they will be faced with a Hobson's choice. Let me give you an example. They are nearly ready to finalize. The language in Dole-Johnston would derail these efforts and force the FAA to either start over in order to comply with the specific least-cost and risk-assessment criteria in S. 343, or proceed with the new regulations, knowing they will likely be challenged and held up in court for years.  So, in other words, the FAA would be challenged that they do not meet the specific new cost-benefit requirements or they could delay and redo the cost-benefit and the risk assessment. But if they move ahead, as under the present legislation, as they are prepared to do, they run this jeopardy.  Let me talk for a moment about an automatic sunset. My understanding of the legislation is that once a petition is accepted, the agency has a 3-year review period to review the rule. If an agency is unable to complete this review, a sunset of the rule would result. So the arbitrary deadline of 3 years is a trigger for sunsetting some of these regulations.  This could result in an automatic sunset of important health and safety rules. Let me give you some examples.  Automobile fuel efficiency standards.  Food labeling regulations--which have served to educate consumers.  Does every Member in this body remember food labeling regulations were very much contested by the industries affected, but they are now part of every product? People respect them, use them, and I think they are effective.  Regulations to ensure the safety of children's toys, cribs, bed clothing.  The Glenn-Chafee bill, on the other hand, accomplishes regulatory review of existing rules without creating regulatory gridlock. It requires agencies to review existing rules every 10 years, without allowing special interests to dictate the workload of Federal agencies whose mission is to protect public health and safety.  One of the major criticisms of the Dole-Johnston bill is that it is too ambiguous. Let me tell you what I mean by this.  Let us take the issue of the supermandate.  From the language of Dole-Johnston and a recent amendment, it is still unclear what will happen when the bill's requirements conflict with requirements in existing statutes.  Although the new amendment states that Dole-Johnston's requirements should not override existing statutory requirements, which will be given more weight? What legally does the word ``override'' actually mean?  Would the least-cost requirement trump the health-based standards of the Clean Air Act?  What is the impact on annual farm programs? Because the Department of Agriculture currently uses greatest-net-benefit criteria and not the least-cost alternative required under Dole-Johnston, it throws open the question of who can participate, what the terms of participation are, and what the costs will be.  The Dole-Johnston bill leaves these questions up to the courts.  Let us take the issue of judicial review.  According to the Justice Department, eight different sections of the bill provide separate statutory grounds for judicial review. The Justice Department in its letter to Senator Dole lists the sections. Even the Justice Department is unsure about how these provisions would relate to each other.  Moreover, the ambiguous language could mean that the courts will be called upon to evaluate scientific and technical steps in cost-benefit analyses and risk assessments, issues outside of the realm of expertise of judges.  Let us take the issue of emergeney exemptions.  Another problem with ambiguity in Dole-Johnston is its definition of an emergency.  For example, the bill refers to actions to protect public health and safety or natural resources, but the Department of Agriculture has raised with us questions about how Dole-Johnston would affect an emergency such as infestation of the Mediterranean fruit fly.  Let me explain why. The Department of Agriculture believes the emergency provisions are sufficiently ambiguous and relate to health and safety, not to economic emergency.  Now, the Medfly in California is a major problem. Parts of the State have been quarantined because of the Medfly. But it is really an economic emergency because the farmers lose their entire crop when a Medfly is found. And emergency actions periodically have to be taken, such as tree stripping, aerial spraying, and so on. It is unclear under Dole-Johnston whether the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service could act quickly enough to take the necessary steps to protect the economic interests of agriculture from pest infestations.  The inability to act quickly could cost agriculture millions of dollars in destruction of crops and loss of export markets.  Let me conclude.  I support regulatory reform that solves problems that have been identified in the regulatory system, not one that creates more problems.  I support reform that puts public health and safety first.  And I support reform that makes the Federal Government more efficient and effective.  I do not believe the Dole-Johnston bill meets that test. I do not believe it is really regulatory reform. It does not simplify the process. Instead, I believe it will burden the agencies so that they cannot do their job. And as the Justice Department has warned, it will burden the courts significantly. I simply cannot support it.  Many regulations are essential to protect public health, safety, and the environment.  I remember when we had the worst air in Los Angeles. I lived in southern California for 5 years, and I remember when I went outside, my eyes burned and teared. The air quality is better now, and that is because of clean air regulations. They have been hard on hundreds of businesses, no question about it. But you have to consider, what is the cost of 15 to 20 percent of youngsters born in the Los Angeles Basin having reduced lung capacity and, therefore, a shortened span of life. How do you measure that cost?  The San Francisco Bay area is now the largest metropolitan area of the country that complies with the clean air standards. In the early 1970's, I served on the air board. Even major oil companies have told me that the air regulations have worked.  Nobody should think that Glenn-Chafee is a copout, a soft bill, or that it will not do the job. The Glenn-Chafee bill is a very tough bill.  It represents real regulatory reform, without unjustifiably burdening the agencies or clogging the court system.  The Glenn-Chafee bill requires cost-benefit analysis for all major rules, just where we should be. It requires risk assessments for all major rules related to environment, health, and safety, just where we should be.  It requires peer review of cost-benefit analysis and risk assessments, just where we should be.  It accounts for the special needs of small businesses, allowing small entities to petition for judicial review of compliance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act.  It requires public disclosure and openness in the regulatory process.  And it limits judicial review to determine: First, whether a rule is major; and, second, whether a final rule is arbitrary or capricious.  Most importantly, the Glenn-Chafee bill cuts redtape while retaining the role of Government in protecting public health, safety, and the environment.  I believe the Glenn-Chafee substitute is a good bill, and I intend to support it.  I yield the floor.  