 President, this is a very short statement. I do appreciate the opportunity to make it. I rise today in support of the substitute amendment to S. 4.  For more than 100 years now, arguments both pro and con have been made revolving around whether a President should or should not have a line-item veto. As a matter of fact, since 1876, more than 200 resolutions have been introduced on this subject. Presidents, Democratic and Republican, have asked for this special blue pencil. This President has asked for the strongest possible bill, and I believe that there are several Democratic Senators prepared to vote for this legislation.  Basically, the arguments on a line-item veto are either philosophical or constitutional. But regardless, the trend on many levels has clearly been toward a stronger chief executive in both State and local jurisdictions.  Today, 43 States have a line-item veto, and mayors of cities, big and small, as well as county executives, are being granted this authority.  In California, the latest city to grant a line-item veto to a newly strengthened mayor is Fresno, a major city with a population of 667,000 people in California's Central Valley breadbasket. The Fresno mayor will have this authority beginning in 1997.  In Maryland, the State legislature is this year considering granting this authority to the county executive.  In California, the line-item veto has been used 254 times in the last 4 years. The Governor has had this authority since 1908, and a recent survey found that 92 percent of all current and former State Governors believe that the line-item veto would help curb spending.  Before New Jersey Gov. Christine Todd Whitman signed a $15 billion supplemental budget into law this past year, she used the blue pencil to cut $3.17 million from the bill.  The most powerful line-item veto is probably that provided in Wisconsin, where the Governor cannot only veto lines but also individual words. Governor Thompson has used it over 1,500 times since 1987, sometimes to change actual policy. It is my understanding that this is not the case in the legislation being considered today.  Virtually all businesses' and corporations' CEO's or CFO's have this authority. But the President of the United States, who runs the largest combination of major governmental enterprises in the world, does not have this authority.  Today, the President has little recourse to fine tune a budget passed by the Congress, except to shut down entire segments of the Government by vetoing an entire appropriations bill.  In 1992, the General Accounting Office estimated that a line-item veto could have pared $70.7 billion in pork-barrel spending between 1984 and 1989. That is just 5 years. If in the next 5 years a similar amount could be cut, then the line-item veto will have done its job.  Enacting a line-item veto will, of course, give the Executive more authority, and I recognize that that is a problem for some. And even though a President may not use that power frequently, the threat of such action may be the impetus needed to force Congress to be more responsible in the formulation of the budget.  I believe the line-item veto will increase positive relations between the executive and legislative branches because Members will no longer have the ability to insert special projects that have little overall merit in appropriation bills without the concurrence of the Chief Executive. The line-item veto can force executive-legislative cooperation and agreement before the bill reaches the White House for signature or veto.  It also encourages caution on the part of the Chief Executive who would use it sparingly in order to prevent his veto from being overridden. Really, what a line-item veto is all about is deterrence, and that deterrence is aimed at the pork barrel. I sincerely believe that a line-item veto will work.  In our caucus today, some papers were passed around which showed a paragraph from a bill involving the Patent and Trademark Office, and there were several subsets attached--items which were certainly not reflected in the paragraph of the bill. One of these stated:     * * * of which not to exceed $11 million shall remain      available until expended for furniture and furnishings      related to new space alteration and construction projects.  Now, if I were President, I would say to my staff--take a look at this. Does the Patent and Copyright Office really need $11 million in furnishings? I think it is worth a look.  