 President, I rise today to offer an amendment to address what I believe is a rather surprising problem in our society, and that is the distribution of bombmaking information for criminal purposes. This amendment is simple, and I think this cartoon in USA Today really describes what the situation is.  Here is a youngster sitting in front of his computer learning how to put together a bomb. Here is the mother on the phone saying, ``History, astronomy, science, Bobby is learning so much on the internet.''  This amendment would prohibit the teaching of how to make a bomb if a person intends or knows that the bomb will be used for a criminal purpose. Additionally, the amendment would prohibit the distribution of information on how to put together a bomb if a person intends or knows that the bomb will be used for a criminal purpose.  The penalty for violation of this law would be a maximum of 20 years in prison, a fine of $250,000, or both.  Now, you might ask, how is that possible? How would anybody do this? I think the next chart I will put up will show clearly how it is possible and what people today are doing.  Let me show you this. This is from the internet, entitled ``Stuff You Are Not Supposed to Know About.'' It advertises the Terrorist Handbook. It says,       Whether you are planning to blow up the World Trade Center,      or merely explode a few small devices on the White House      lawn, the Terrorist Handbook is an invaluable guide to having      a good time. Where else can you get such wonderful ideas      about how to use up all that extra ammonium triiodide left      over from last year's revolution?  Well, that is just part of it. What that then leads to is a whole series of recipes on how to put together a bomb aimed at killing, injuring, or destroying property. The handbook goes on to give a step-by-step instruction on what to do. Let me quote from a section on acquiring chemicals:       The best place to steal chemicals is a college. Many State      schools have all of their chemicals out on the shelves in the      labs and more in their chemical stockrooms. Evening is the      best time to enter a lab building, as there are the least      number of people in the building. Of course, if none of these      methods are successful, there is always section 2.11.  [[Page S7683]] And it then tells how to pick a lock to get into the chem lab. It tells how to dress to look like a student. It tells where the shelves are that the chemicals are on. The handbook lists various explosive recipes, using black powders, nitroglycerin, dynamite, TNT, and ammonium nitrate. It provides explicit instructions for making pipe bombs, book bombs, light bulb bombs, glass container bombs and phone bombs, just to name a few.  Now, I have heard people say, oh, but the Encyclopedia Britannica has eight pages on explosives, and nobody criticizes that. Well, I have read the eight pages on explosives, and it does not say how to make a toilet paper roll booby trap. What legitimate purpose is there for a toilet paper roll booby trap other than to kill somebody? You do not blast out the stump of a tree. You do not need it for mining. You need it for no civilian or military purpose other than to kill. Or a vacuum cleaner booby trap. Again, no civilian or military purpose, no blasting out of tree trunks, no mining use. A traffic cone booby trap. A video alarm booby trap. A washing powder box booby trap. How to develop this thing in a bottle or a box of soap powder.  Light bulb bombs. The Terrorist Handbook describes, ``an automatic reaction to walking into a dark room is to turn on the light. This can be fatal if a light bulb bomb has been placed in the overhead light socket. A light bulb bomb is surprisingly easy to make. It also comes with its own initiator, an electric ignition system.'' And then it goes into detailed instructions and diagrams of how to put one together.  I am not going to repeat those on the floor of the U.S. Senate. But I can assure you that the Terrorist Handbook provides these step-by-step instructions.  One of the more appalling descriptions of bombmaking involves a baby food bomb. The following information was taken from the bulletin board, computer bulletin board off the internet. Baby food bombs. ``These simple, powerful bombs are not very well known, even though all of the material can be easily obtained by anyone, including minors. These things are so''--and then there is a four-letter word--``powerful, that they can destroy a car. Here is how they work.''  Then it tells how they work. It says,       Go to the Sports Authority or Herman's sports shop and buy      shotgun shells. At the Sports Authority that I go to, you can      actually buy shotgun shells without a parent or adult. They      do not keep it behind a little glass counter or anything like      that. It is $2.96 for 25 shells.  The computer bulletin board posting then provides instructions on how to assemble and detonate the bomb. It concludes with these words:       If the explosion doesn't get them, the glass will. If the      glass doesn't get them, then the nails will.  I do not think our first amendment, or the framers of the Constitution, want to protect the freedom of speech for criminal purposes. Clearly, these bombs are there for one reason and one reason only and that is a criminal purpose.  Let me give you another example that came through on April 23 of this year on the internet.       Are you interested in receiving information detailing the      components and materials needed to construct a bomb identical      to the one used in Oklahoma? The information specifically      details the construction, deployment and detonation of high-     powered explosives. It also includes complete details of the      bomb used in Oklahoma City, how it was used and it could have      been better.  Another examples comes from April 25 on the internet. I will quote it:       I want to make bombs and kill evil Zionist people in the      Government. Teach me, give me test files. Feed my wisdom, O      Great One.  That was April 25 on the internet.  The forward to the book ``Death by Deception: Advanced Improvised Booby Traps'' states:       Terrorists, IEDs [improvised explosive devices] come in      many shapes and forms, but these bombs, mines, and booby      traps all have one thing in common: they will cripple or kill      you if you happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.       In this sequel to his best-selling book ``Deathtrap,'' Jo      Jo Gonzales reveals more improvised booby-trap designs.      Discover how these death-dealing devices can be constructed      from such outwardly innocuous objects as computer modems,      hand-held radios, toilet-paper dispensers, shower heads,      talking teddy bears, and traffic cones. Detailed      instructions, schematic diagrams, and typical deployment      techniques for dozens of such contraptions are provided.  Now, none of this is for use in any constructive civilian or military project. All of them are used for criminal purposes.  Other titles of books that teach people how to make bombs include: ``The Guerrilla's Arsenal: Advanced Techniques for Making Explosives and Time-Delay Bombs''; ``The Advanced Anarchist Arsenal: Recipes for Improvised Incendiaries and Explosives.''  Well, there are those who would say this is just a simple first amendment exploration. Do not worry about it. People are just curious.  Well, let me tell you that on Friday, Orange County bomb squad Sgt. Charlie Stump told me that a 14-year-old was in his garage making a pipe bomb with an 11- and 12-year-old watching him do it. The information to make this pipe bomb came from the Improvised Munitions Black Book, which can be obtained in any gunshop through the Paladin Press mail order outlets. So this youngster blew himself up, and right next to him was the handbook that he used.  Another example. In Mission Viejo, a 20-year-old junior college student went into the so-called survivalist movement and accidentally set off his own bomb and killed himself. Again, the manual was sitting right next to him.  So, according to the sergeant, these books tell you in vivid detail how to make bombs, how to kill people, how to destroy cars, how to destroy trains--whatever type of destruction you want to do, these books will tell you how to do it.  The purpose of this amendment is to say that if you know or intend this will be used in a criminal way, you have committed a Federal criminal offense by putting out this information.  Other examples include the following:  One of the 1993 World Trade Center bombers was arrested with manuals in hand.  In 1989, four Bethesda teenage boys were killed when a homemade pipe bomb subsequently went off. They were following instructions from another manual.  In 1987, a California teenager blew himself up with homemade bombs. The ``Improvised Munitions Black Book'' was found nearby.  Enough is enough. Common sense should tell us that the first amendment does not give someone the right to teach others how to kill people. The right to free speech in the first amendment is not absolute, and there are several well-known exceptions to the first amendment which limit free speech.  These include obscenity; child pornography; clear and present dangers; commercial speech; defamation; speech harmful to children; time, place, and manner restrictions; incidental restrictions; and radio and television broadcasting.  I do not for 1 minute believe that anyone writing the Constitution of the United States some 200 years ago wanted to see the first amendment used to directly aid one in how to learn to injure and kill others.  I believe that the distribution of information on bombmaking, if we know that information will be used for a criminal purpose, should be illegal.  At a recent hearing of the Judiciary Committee, I asked FBI Director Louis Freeh if anyone has a first amendment right to teach someone how to build a bomb in this country. He replied that it is a very important debate that very few people have reviewed. He suggested that it is a question that should be taken up by Congress. That is what we are doing this very day.  My amendment is specifically aimed at preventing and punishing the distribution of material that will be used to commit serious crimes external to the distribution itself, and only when there is intent or knowledge that the information will be used for a criminal purpose.  In other words, it is not aimed at suppressing contents per se, or fashioned as a prior restraint. Its purpose is addressing the facilitation of unlawful criminal conduct.  Now, we will talk for a moment about current law. There currently is a Federal law on the books that is similar to my proposed amendment. Title 18, section 231(a)(1) of the Criminal Code states:       Whoever teaches or demonstrates to any other person the      use, application, or making [[Page S7684]] of any firearm or      explosive or incendiary device . . . knowing or having reason      to know or intending that the same will be unlawfully      employed for use in, or in furtherance of, a civil disorder .      . . shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more      than 5 years, or both.  At least 18 States have similar bombmaking laws on the books, including Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Virginia.  I know that concerns have been raised by some civil libertarians and others about the constitutionality of my amendment, because it in essence takes this section which I have just read of the code and says if you, additionally, distribute that information with the knowledge or intent that it will be used for a criminal act, then you are guilty of a Federal violation.  So if you read information that is within a terrorist handbook, where the beginning page of the handbook says, ``Whether you are planning to blow up the World Trade Center, or merely explode a few small devices on the White House lawn, this is the information you should have,'' that clearly sets, in my view, the purpose and intent of providing the information.  The current law, section 231 of title 18, has already been used to prosecute several criminals. It has been constitutionally upheld by the courts. In the United States versus Featherston, 1972, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals held that the statute ``is not unconstitutionally vague'' and affirmed the convictions of two defendants who were prosecuted under the law.  The fifth circuit wrote:       . . . the statute does not cover mere inadvertent conduct.      It requires those prosecuted to have acted with intent or      knowledge that the information disseminated would be used in      the furtherance of a civil disorder.  I know, though, that the true test of the amendment's constitutionality will be if and when it comes before the courts. And, I welcome that opportunity.  The last time the Supreme Court directly dealt with the issue of freedom of speech restrictions was over 20 years ago, in Brandenburg versus Ohio, 1969. As I understand it, this case involved a Ku Klux Klan leader's right to advocate destruction of property and other violence as a means of obtaining political reform. I think it may be time, especially in light of Oklahoma City and the World Trade Center bombings, for the Supreme Court to deal with this issue again.  In today's day and age, when violent crimes, bombings, and terrorist attacks are becoming too frequent--2,900 bombings a year, 541 in California alone in the year 1993--and when technology allows for the distribution of bombmaking material over computers to millions of people across the country in a matter of seconds, I believe that some restrictions on speech are appropriate.  Specifically, I believe that restricting the availability of bombmaking information for criminal purposes, if there is intent or knowledge that the information will be used for a criminal purpose, is both appropriate and required in today's day and age.  As Wisconsin District Judge Robert Warren wrote in the Progressive case dealing with the publication of information on how to build an atomic bomb:       What is involved here is information dealing with the most      destructive weapon in the history of mankind, information of      sufficient destructive potential to nullify the right to free      speech and to endanger the right to life itself . . . . While      it may be true in the long run, as Patrick Henry instructs      us, that one would prefer death to life without liberty,      nonetheless, in the short run, one cannot enjoy the freedom      of speech or the freedom of the press unless one first enjoys      the freedom to live.  I could not agree more with Judge Warren.  Enough is enough. I do not believe the first amendment gives anyone the right to teach someone how to kill other people or provide certain information that will be used to commit a crime. Even our most precious rights must pass the test of common sense.  I thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  