  Let me begin by saying that I very much appreciate the job that has been done by the chairman of the committee and the ranking member, and I know it has not been easy to put together this kind of consensus. I am led to believe this bill will pass the Senate. However, I have to make my own point of view on it clear because what is sauce for the goose is not necessarily sauce for the gander, when you begin to change the formula on which some of these programs are based.  I have come to the conclusion that I must oppose this bill. I must oppose it for basically two reasons. The first is that the bill cuts dramatically into the ability of California to provide job training.  Let me point this out. While the United States added 3 million jobs from May 1991 to December 1993, California lost nearly 450,000 jobs during that time. As a matter of fact, in the last 5 years, our unemployment rate has never dropped below 7 percent, with a high of 10 percent in 1994.  So we have more people unemployed in the State of California than 13 other States have people today. So job training becomes a very important factor. Compared to current funding, this bill shifts funds from California to other States. Under the revised formula in the managers' amendment, almost one-half of all funds of the losing States come from California.  This is a proportion that is very high. I think the No. 1 determinant of a job training program should be existing unemployment needs and data. Instead, this block grant consolidation bases 10 percent only on unemployment. This is a major departure from the way these programs were determined in the past.  My major concern about this bill is that it gives greater weight to things other than unemployment, and the bill does not give adequate weight to unemployment. So with a 7.2-percent unemployment rate in September, while the national rate was 5.6 percent, California will lose about $7 million in this bill despite the fact that that is just a 4-percent reduction. It translates into $7 million based on the change in formula application.  The new managers' amendment drops the 20 percent for AFDC to 10 percent and increases from 10 percent to 20 percent the weight given to poverty. My State, has high rates of AFDC recipients and unemployed people. For example, California is home to 18 percent of all AFDC recipients. That translates into 909,000 AFDC cases. That translates into 2.6 million people on AFDC.  By deemphasizing AFDC recipients and unemployment with the low-weighting factor, the bill essentially gives California short shrift. Under current law, we receive 14.8 percent of job training funds. Under this approach, we will only get 14.2 percent. That is the $7 million difference. And it is a big difference.  Let me mention what has happened in California by way of Federal policy. California has struggled through the closing or realignment of 9 military bases in this round alone following 22 in previous rounds. In total, these have eliminated more than 200,000 direct and indirect jobs. The closings and realignments have drained about $7 billion out of the California economy.  Corporate defense downsizing has claimed 250,000 layoffs in the past 5 years, and that is expected to double. So from defense downsizing alone, before it is through, in the corporate sector and from base closures, California will lose over 1 million jobs. Now, that is something this formula does not take into consideration.  I mentioned California has 18 percent of the country's welfare caseload but 12.2 percent of the Nation's population. Now, what does this show? It shows that our need is actually higher than the population-driven formula number. So this formula and the redesignation of formula clearly does not work for California. This is not a case in this bill where as a product of consolidating 80 programs, States are going to be held harmless. That is not true. The money taken from California by this new formula is essentially given to other States that have less poverty and less unemployment.  So it is very hard for me, representing California, to turn around and vote for this bill. I am willing to say, sure, we should do our fair share, and I voted for the welfare reform bill despite the fact that I lost on major amendments that addressed the fact that we have a huge immigrant population. That bill will cost California billions of dollars.  Republican Medicare and Medicaid plans will cost California billions of dollars. Our own Governor has up to this point indicated he will not accept $42 million in Goals 2000 education funds. I cannot understand that--$42 million for schools when we have schools that are crumbling, elementary schools that have 5,000 youngsters in them, the highest class size in the Nation, and he plans to turn down these funds. I am hopeful he will reconsider. This is one more diminution of revenues to address the needs of 32 million people.  In summary, I very much recognize the good work done by both Senators here and by the committee, and I am appreciative of it. It is just when the State takes hit after hit after hit, when other States benefit and California with its needs, as has been referenced earlier--base closures, earthquakes, fires, riots, you name it--all the things that have happened, and when we know that job training is as important as it is, to take a loss of over $7 million in this bill, through the consolidation of programs and see the money essentially go to other States--under a different formula albeit--is very hard for me to do.  I appreciate the forbearance of the chairman and the ranking member, and I appreciate the opportunity to explain my vote.  