 President, I thank the Senator.  I think what is one man's pork is another person's beef. I remember on the floor of this body, when the crime bill was first considered, the wonderful porker that the Senator from New York had drawn on a chart and had before this body. The contention was that the crime bill, and this particular aspect of it, was a porker.  I want to say, it has turned out to be the beef of the crime bill. There is no question in my mind that the community policing part of the crime bill is the most popular part of the crime bill out there.  ``If it isn't broke, don't fix it.'' The fact of the matter is, in my State, crime rates are going down in all of the jurisdictions because of the community policing aspect of this bill.  So I am very disappointed--there are good things in this bill--but I am very disappointed by the fact that we take the discretionary aspect out of the community policing bill, make it a block grant program, give it to the local jurisdictions, but enable those local jurisdictions to use it for whatever they want to use it. They can use it for new squad cars. They can use it for some aspects, I gather, of police stations. They can use it for desk sergeants, if they want to. That defeats the purpose of the community policing aspect of this bill.  What is that purpose? The purpose is really to show that a police force in a crime-troubled area with trained community police officers who know the communities and know the difference between the bad guys and the good guys are going to be more effective in making good arrests and, secondly, in retarding crime in that area.  To date, the crime bill has targeted about $8.4 billion directly to States and localities.  This program, as I said, is working. According to the Department of Justice, California has received sufficient funding to support the hiring or redeployment of 3,900 police officers from the crime bill COPS program. This is not pork. This is beef. These funds have gone to the larger and most troubled crime-plagued cities: Los Angeles, San Jose, San Francisco, San Diego, and, most recently, Oakland.  As a matter of fact, beginning in March of next year, the Los Angeles Police Academy will be graduating 100 officers a month for 6 months, funded through the community policing aspects of this bill.  Additionally, community policing funds have gone to smaller California cities--Selma, Victorville, Santa Cruz, Ojai, and Millbrae.  It is no coincidence, then, that the crime rate in California's biggest cities dropped by 7 percent during the first 6 months of this year, compared to the same period last year, with double-digit decreases--double digit, that is more than 10 percent--in homicide, in rape and in robbery.  California's Attorney General, Dan Lungren--a Republican, by the way--credited the intensified use of community-oriented policing by local police departments for this drop in crime. Attorney General Lungren said of community-oriented policing, and I quote:  ``It should be utilized in every part of the State.''  I could not agree more.  So the COPS Program is working. ``If it ain't broke, don't fix it.'' It is putting cops on the streets. It is reducing crime.  Second, my other concern with this bill is the drug courts. In America, we constantly have the debate: Do you fight drugs on the supply side or do you fight them on the demand side? I know, as a mayor for 9 years, that you have to do both and you have to do it well. America has never fought drugs equally on the supply side and the demand side.  This crime bill was the first time that more moneys were put in for prevention and for rehabilitation to almost equal the amount for interdiction and enforcement. Drug courts were a relatively new aspect.  About $1 billion dedicated to drug court programs over the next 6 years is eliminated in this conference report. That is a mistake. A study by the California Department of Alcohol and Drug Programs found that for every $1 spent on treatment for alcohol or drug abuse, $7 in savings is accrued. There are now evaluations coming out of drug courts. We are finding--surprise of all kinds--they are working. ``An Evaluation of the Oakland Drug Court After Three Years,'' by Judge Jeffrey Tauber of the Oakland-Piedmont-Emeryville Municipal Court, found the following results, which I quote:       The data collected supports the conclusion that the      imposition of an immediate and intensive supervision and      treatment program substantially reduces the rate of felony      recidivism during a 3-year period following arraignment. It      is estimated that there were 44 percent fewer felony      arrests--  That is 582 fewer felony arrests--     for offenders in what is called the FIRST Program--fast,      intensive, report, supervision and treatment--than under the      previous program.  California is expected to receive an estimated $119 million for drug courts, or enough for about 59,500 offenders over the next 6 years. By eliminating this program, this bill will deprive States of a tough program to get and keep nonviolent offenders off drugs and to unclog our courts of violators who would otherwise walk.  Another problem I have with the bill is the cuts in the Commerce programs. I come from a State where 1.2 million people are out of work. The unemployment rate currently exceeds 7.8 percent. It exceeds the national rate by 2 points. This bill cuts EDA, which is the last remaining economic tool provided by the Federal Government since programs were developed in the 1970's to help cities.  The program that is cut targets the defense conversion support. In my State, to cut defense conversion and its ability is to put people out of work, plain and simple.  The bill also eliminates funding for the Advanced Technology Program which assists firms with new technology to provide new breakthrough products and processes. One of the things that California was assured, having gone through more than 30 base closures, with between 500,000 and 1 million people who have lost their jobs so far because of defense downsizing, is that there would be an adequate program of defense conversion to help industries convert into nondefense pursuits. And now we find that these funds will be cut off by this bill as well. It is unfortunate.  Let me conclude by saying, community police have reduced crime. Community policing works. The crime bill has worked. It is not pork; it is where the beef is.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor, and I yield back the remainder of my time.  