 FEINGOLD. There is only one entity that we are aware of that has been specifically named. If there are others that should be named, I think that should be the subject of similar amendments. And I am very glad to see the senior Senator from California asked that question because she knows very well how hard she fought to try to get an exemption for a program that really probably does deserve the exemption, and that is the contract with the American people in the form of Social Security. But that is not the one that got protected.  Mr. President, this suggestion that this is a delay tactic is very troubling to me. I think it is not fair. In fact, I find it astonishing that the Senator from the very State that gets protected by this thing more than any other State, Tennessee, stands up and says this is a delay tactic.  I am just calling it what it is. It is a great deal for Tennessee. I would love to be able to exempt all the programs in Wisconsin up front in the committee language and then pass a balanced budget amendment. I would get a lot of pats on the back back home for that one. But I did not do it. I would not try to do it because I know very well that is a denial of the very meaning of the balanced budget amendment.  All the folks on the other side talked about the glidepath, about the right to know; we cannot make those decisions now. If we lay out what is going to be cut and is not cut, what happens is that the process falls apart.  I suggest this committee language, if it is not struck, is the beginning of the end of any serious attempt to balance the budget because there would be a tremendous outcry across the country that this and only this program is important enough to be protected and that every other program did not count.  So, Mr. President, I think this is a very, very clear amendment that should not even be controversial. That language should not be in the report. We all know it. And I would certainly hope TVA has to fight the same battle that everybody else does as the coming months go on.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  