 Can you explain why that was done?  Mr. D'AMATO. The Banking Committee made a policy decision to exclude from the safe harbor certain companies and certain transactions in which the incentives for making overly optimistic forward-looking statements might be present. It is important to note that the safe harbor does not apply to:  First, statements about a company that within the past 3 years has been convicted of certain violations of the Federal securities laws.  Second, statements made in an offering by a blank check company. These are companies that offer securities to the public, but which have no clear business plan and are therefore highly speculative.  Third, statements made by an issuer of penny stock. These are companies that sell very low priced stock, often through brokers who use high pressure sales tactics. There have been significant problems of fraud in the sale of these securities in the past.  Fourth, statements made in connection with a rollup transaction. These are transactions in which sponsors of limited partnerships attempt to combine many separate partnerships and rake off huge management fees. Congress passed legislation to address these abuses in 1990. We shouldn't allow these transactions to use the safe harbor.  Five, statements made in connection with a going private transaction. These are transactions in which a company buys back its shares from its public shareholders. Often, it involves management of the company buying back the shares.  Six, statements made in connection with the sale of mutual funds. Mutual funds simply should not be making projections. The SEC has a long series of rules governing mutual fund disclosure.  Seven, statements made in connection with a tender offer also are excluded. These often are hotly contested takeover battles, and we have decided not to give them any safe harbor protection.  Eight, statements made in connection with certain partnership offerings and direct participation programs. Very often, these are securities products put together in-house at a broker-dealer, and we think the temptation for making rosy performance projections may be too great in these cases.  Nine, statements made in connection with ownership reports under 13(d) also are excluded. These are the reports required under law by anyone who purchases 5 percent or more of a company's securities. The law also requires that they state their plans with respect to the company. The committee decided these statements should not be protected under the safe harbor.  Ten, finally, the safe harbor does not apply to forward-looking statements in the financial statements of a company.  So, to answer your question, we excluded a long list of companies and transactions from the safe harbor, because we were concerned that, in these companies and in these transactions, there might be a temptation for companies to make rosy projections.  