 President, I rise to discuss the need for an extension to the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act, which expires tonight, and the majority leader's announcement a short time ago that there will be an objection to passing that bill today.  This is very surprising to me. I was sitting in the Judiciary Committee hearings on Waco when I was told about it. I speak today as the ranking member on the pertinent subcommittee of the Foreign Relations Committee and one who was very concerned about what the repercussions would be in the peace process from the resolution we passed last week on Jerusalem. And now we are confronted this week with a situation that I think, again, has a ripple effect throughout the Middle East if we do not take action.  Mr. President, I think we ought to ask, what will one say, what will the Israelis say, what will Prime Minister Rabin say, when they are asked the question about why the Congress has refused to continue funding Palestinian economic development in support of the peace process? Prime Minister Rabin has explicitly asked for this legislation on each of his visits to the United States. Not passing the extension today, it is my understanding, stops not only the funding but the operation of the necessary offices to carry out that funding, including one here in Washington.  What is disturbing is that no one here is even arguing for letting the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act lapse. This dispute before us, in fact, has nothing to do with the Middle East. It has to do with conflicting views about whether or not or to what extent to consolidate the foreign affairs agencies of the United States Government.  This is a legitimate issue. There are strong opinions on both sides.  It seemed to me we had a process for negotiating this issue to reach some agreement. Senator Kerry on our side, the Senator from Massachusetts, and the chairman of our committee, Senator Helms, had been negotiating. While agreement has not yet been reached, I believe it can with continued good faith at the negotiating table.  Wherever one stands on the question of consolidation one thing should be clear: The Middle East peace process is too important to be held hostage to disagreements over unconnected issues or to partisan disputes.  I wonder if anyone in this body differs with that view? Do any of my colleagues on either side of the aisle believe that the Middle East peace process just does not matter that much? Or that it is expendable enough to be turned into a political football?  One of the truly wonderful things about American foreign policy in the Middle East is that it has always been bipartisan. Strong support for Israel and active pursuit of Middle East peace have never been the province of just one party.  Indeed, this peace process is the outgrowth of the tireless efforts of President George Bush and Secretary of State James Baker. It has been carried forward with skill and dedication by the current administration.  The bipartisan nature of United States support for the Middle East peace process was never more evident than on July 21 when I joined a group of my colleagues in cosponsoring Senate bill 1064, a long-term extension of the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act.  I was proud to stand with Senators Helms, Pell, Dole, Daschle, Mack, Lieberman, McConnell, Leahy, and Lautenberg in expressing strong support for continuing America's leading role in the peace process.  I know, too, that the chairman of the subcommittee on which I serve as ranking member, Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs, Senator Brown, also supported the sentiments in S. 1064.  I ask my colleagues who joined me that day, what has changed? If the Middle East peace process was deserving of strong bipartisan support on July 21, why is it being held hostage to unrelated legislative disputes on October 31?  I simply do not understand how we can fail to extend this legislation. It is so important to ensuring Israel's ability to live in peace and security with its neighbors in the future. It is so important to protecting a Israel as a Jewish State, to seeing that the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people are recognized and eventually aiming for peace and security in that entire region.  I think we owe it to all those who have supported us in that area not to abandon our commitments. American Jews know what the stakes are in keeping the Middle Eastern Peace Facilitation Act in force.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that an advertisement from the September 17, 1995, New York Times be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  (See exhibit No. 1.)  