 President, as I have listened to the debate, there has been a lot of talk about teenage pregnancy, youngsters impregnating youngsters, walking away from their responsibility, and really young children becoming pregnant, becoming teen mothers often by teen fathers. I have heard many Senators say we must stop this. I believe we have a way to send a major message to a constituency, and it is contained in this amendment.  What this amendment would do is say that every State must have in effect laws and procedures under which a child support order can be enforced, where both parents are minors, and, the mother is a minor receiving Federal assistance for the child, against the paternal grandparents of the child.  So if you are the mother and father of a boy child, and your boy child goes out and impregnates a minor girl who ends up on welfare as a result, you will be liable for a child support order against you as the parents of that young boy.  What I find increasingly is that child support is a growing crisis. This has also been debated--and, frankly, the lack of child support is one of the major causes of children living in poverty in my State; that is, the absence of child support--a parent, usually the father, not always, but usually it is the father that just walks off and does not support his child.  Well, if this is going to be a tough welfare bill, let us address it. Let us say, ``Parents, you are responsible for the behavior of your adolescent son. If your adolescent son is going to go out and get a young girl pregnant, you are going to have to pay for the uprearing and the child support of that offspring.''  I think the time has come for this kind of amendment. It is strong. It is an amendment that attributes family responsibility. It is an amendment that says parents of minors have responsibilities and one of those responsibilities is to see to it that their sons do not enter into this kind of conduct and then walk away from their responsibility.  So, I would now ask that that amendment be set aside.  I yield the floor.  