  It is interesting, I guess, in a State as big as California one can have some different constituencies. My mail is, oh, maybe over 100 to 1 for the legislation rather than opposed to it. When I read the letters from the counties, that is when I saw they were functioning under a misimpression of what the safe harbor actually did. That is why, in my colloquy with Senator Dodd, I tried to clarify these concerns. As I stated earlier, first, the stockbroker who sold the derivatives to cities or counties would not gain the protection of the safe harbor because brokers are ineligible; and, second, derivatives would not be protected by the safe harbor. So I tried to straighten that part out.  I want to point out that in California we are going through an economic change. High technology and biotechnology is a big source of jobs now and in the future. It is estimated that 62 percent of the high-technology companies that went public from 1988 to 1993 have faced securities lawsuits. And 62 percent of the companies that have gone public in the last 5 years have faced securities lawsuits in the State of California. That alone indicates that there is a problem that needs to be addressed.  What has concerned me in the legislation is a desire to address the problem and not throw out the goose that laid the golden egg. I want to protect the small investor, protect the county, and yet do away with the kind of lawsuit that happens because a companies' stock drops, a suit is filed, they press discovery and they move and collect a large settlement from the company, when the suit may be baseless.  Those kinds of frivolous suits concern me. I think it is a legitimate function of government to attempt to reform that. I also think it is important that this legislation strikes a balance and protects the consumer. Based on what I have seen, I believe it does.  More fundamentally, if it is proven to have a flaw or a problem, that flaw or problem can in fact be corrected. As I understand, it this legislation has taken some 5 or 6 years now to develop. The bill has been refined and refined over time. The bill has finally passes both Houses, the veto override has been supported in the House of Representatives. It seems to me it is time to get on with it and give the kind of necessary reform that I believe this bill provides in an evenhanded manner. I thank the Chair.  