 President, I rise in support of Senate passage of the Medicare Select bill, H.R. 483, which as passed by the House would extend the current demonstration program beyond its June 30, 1995 cutoff date and expand it from 15 States to the entire Nation.  While it has thus far been just a small 3-year demonstration program, the Medicare Select Program has been a tremendous success in the 15 States where it is offered, especially in California.  Medicare Select provides supplementary insurance--for copayments, deductibles, and other out-of-pocket costs--for 100,000 California Medicare recipients (roughly 440,000 nationally).  Seniors enroll in the low-cost Medicare Select Program in exchange for participation in a loose-knit managed care plan.  This network of providers are used to cut premium costs by 10-37 percent over fee for service medigap products, which translates into savings on medigap premiums of up to $25 per month, or $300 per year.  In California, more than 2,200 new enrollees are being added per month, because the Medicare Select Program can provide low-cost, high-quality health benefits, while still retaining a high degree of choice over their physician.  There is no additional cost to the Federal Government.  However, under current law, no new Medicare recipients will be able to enroll in the program after July 1, 1995, when the demonstration program that was authorized in 1990 and extended for 6 months last year will end.  To make sure that select is continued in California, I joined Senator Chafee and others in introducing Medicare Select legislation earlier this year, and am pleased that the House was easily able to pass legislation that would extend the program for 5 years and expand it to all 50 States, with a bipartisan vote of 408 to 18.  This Medicare Select legislation should not be confused or dragged down with other, more contentious health care insurance reform issues. Certainly, there are problems with the current medigap insurance program that must be addressed. However, this is a simple, straightforward bill that should not be used for those purposes.  The Medicare Select Program is entirely voluntary, and should not be confused with programs and proposals that would require seniors to join HMO's to get their Medicare. No seniors are being forced or fooled into joining, Medicare Select seniors can still receive service outside their plans, and no insurers are being forced to sell this type of product.  In fact, Consumer Reports has listed Medicare Select products as among its highest rated values, and extension of the Medicare Select Program has been endorsed by the California Commissioner of Insurance as well as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.  Certainly, managed Medicare programs like Medicare Select must be implemented carefully, in order to ensure that Medicare enrollees are appropriately informed of the benefits of this program, provided with high-quality services, and ensured access to highly trained physicians.  However, the matter at hand is straightforward, and the most important thing is that Medicare Select be extended. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support the Medicare Select legislation.  