 President, let me try to be succinct as to how this amendment would change the Dole bill. Essentially what the Dole bill does, as drafted, is present a growth fund for the next 5 years of $877 million. It then submits a formula under which that growth fund is disbursed. The formula would provide funds only to 19 States. You cannot convince me that only 19 States are going to grow in terms of poor families in this Nation.  So what I have tried to do is come up with a fair formula that measures the growth of poor families. The House bill has a formula in it which measures the growth of people and then applies that to this bill. Ours is very similar to the House, with one distinction, and the distinction is that it would use the census data to count the increase in poor families to determine how the growth money is spent. The House uses the census data to count the increase in the general population. Then, the way in which the growth money is spent is simply: The percentage of growth is divided into the overall total growth. In that way, every State is accommodated, and the growth funds are distributed to each state proportionate to its share of the total growth.  Specifically, it would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to publish every 2 years data relating to the incidence of poverty. The methodology employed mirrors title 13 of the United States Code, section 141(a) of the census statute, and as I have said, is the same as the House welfare reform bill. So people should know that what we are doing is simply following the way the census produces the material, under current law, and then empowering the Secretary of Health and Human Services to disburse funds according to the results of that data, and proportionate to each state's share of the total growth in poor people.  There is no additional cost associated with this amendment.  I would like to add that all States are being held harmless; in other words, no State's grant would be reduced if that State experiences a decline in poor population. According to the present population projections, four States are expected to experience an actual decline of population. They are Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island. These States are all held harmless in this amendment.  If, of course, the projections prove wrong and those States do experience an increase, because no one can actually predict future growth, they will receive their fair share of the growth formula.  If I may, I would like to contrast this with the approach taken in the underlying bill. Eight hundred seventy-seven million dollars over 5 years is authorized in this bill to accommodate growth. As I said, only 19 States are funded with this growth formula. Under the Dole bill, the 19 States receive automatic additional funding, 2.5 percent of their 1996 grant, in each of fiscal years 1997 to 2000 if, one, their State's welfare spending is less than the national average level of State spending and, two, their rate of population growth is greater than the national average population growth.  For reasons which are unclear, certain States are deemed as qualifying if their level of State welfare spending per poor person is less than 35 percent of the national average level of State welfare spending per poor person in fiscal year 1996.  So Federal taxpayers are being asked to spend almost $1 billion over 5 years in the name of growth. But, in fact, the result is that States that, until now, have spent less than the average level of State spending in assisting their poor will now be subsidized by taxpayers from all 50 States. I think that is plain wrong. The State with the greatest growth--and that is California--is significantly disadvantaged because its funding is frozen for the next 5 years. I have distributed a letter with our proposal, with the Dole-Hutchison formula in it and with the difference. So there are three charts on everyone's desk tonight so everybody can look up their State.  Certainly, the 19 States recognized in the Dole bill--and I know Senator Hutchison will comment on this--will be cut back somewhat so that everybody could have a fair share of the growth fund based on the actual growth of poor people in their State as determined by the Bureau of the Census. What could be fairer than that? If in the census you achieve more people, the growth fund is there to give you your percent share of the total growth fund.  So I will yield the floor for the moment. I know Senator Hutchison would like to debate this.  