Speaker, public housing and the public financed housing is an important part of the life of many American families. In Chicago and in the State of Illinois I have become more closely acquainted with the challenges facing us, not only in the housing, but also in our responsibility as landlords in public housing.  Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. Most of the bill I think is very positive, and I salute the gentleman from New York for bringing it to the floor. But I would, at the same time, suggest to all of my colleagues, having said that, that they should vote against this bill, and the reason they should vote against it is very simple.  There is one section of this bill, one section of this bill, which is shameful. In 1994, the appropriations subcommittee which I chaired sent congressional investigators across the country to examine reported abuses in a housing program known as section 515. This is a program where the Federal Government literally creates inducements for developers to build multifamily housing in rural areas and, let me add, rural areas could be the suburbs of major cities under the definitions of this bill. They are literally across the United States, and at this time under section 515 there are 16,700 projects and over 440,000 units. This is a big program, and when the investigators took a look at it, they found the administration of this program under existing law is nothing short of scandalous, scandalous in the following respects;  We are building these units where they are not needed. Developers come in with political and financial clout and roll the Department of Agriculture into forcing the construction of units where they want to build them. Many times we know as soon as the first shovel hits the ground that building is going to fail and the taxpayers are going to end up holding the bag, but we are stuck with it because of the current law.  And then you know what happens? We find out that when the project fails a lot of the owners like to transfer the project to some other owner. You know what happens in the process? Uncle Sam does not get paid. The taxpayers lose. There is a default.  In our investigation we found in 47 different properties and several States taxpayers lost over $10.5 million because the money was transferred, the loan was transferred, and the remaining corporation was judgment proof, taxpayers left holding the bag, another element in the scandal.  And that is not all. Let me tell you this is a very lucrative deal for developers. You know what percentage interest we pay on our home mortgage; what is it 9 percent, 10, 12? You know what they pay to build these buildings at taxpayer expense? One percent mortgages. What a deal. And then we give them a wonderful tax credit to boot.  So these developers have a cash cow to build buildings where they are not needed and, when they default on them, to leave Uncle Sam and the taxpayers holding the bag.  We verified this State after State, all across the Nation, presented it to the Committee on Banking and Financial Services and to the Subcommittee on Housing and Financial Services and said clean up this mess. At a time when we are cutting spending for education, when we are cutting spending on Medicare, how can we justify wasting millions of dollars on this boondoggle?  Do you know what the Subcommittee on Housing and Financial Services said to the Committee on Appropriations? You are right. You are right. We need to change the law. And they did. And they brought it in. And we passed it with an overwhelming vote. And we were moving in the right direction to clean up the program, provide the housing.  But guess what happens today? Along comes the bill and reauthorizes the old program. This bums out again. They are going to be out there with the developers running taxpayers around the track with wasteful projects wasting our tax dollars because of this bill.  I say to the gentleman from New York, he was right the first time. The reforms were needed. Why did he surrender? Why did he give up? How can he justify in this day and age with this deficit walking away from reforms? How can he justify asking the taxpayers to hold the bag so that developers would come in and scam us again and again and again? His bill has a notable deficiency here, and I yield to my friend from New York.  