Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri for yielding me this time. I want to extend my sympathies to the Emerson family. When I first came to Congress 14 years ago, Bill Emerson was my neighbor in the Cannon Office Building. He was also my neighbor across the Mississippi River from Illinois in Missouri. We talked a lot about our similar backgrounds and similar districts. Of course we were of different political parties. I am a Democrat, and he was a Republican. We are very proud of our partisan heritage but it never stood in the way of a good friendship. Over the years I came to know Bill and respect him very, very much. He fought some classic battles, both personal and political. In each one of them he showed a level of class which is rare in this institution. It is really unfortunate but true that from time to time we let politics get too personal in this institution and we forget that we are in fact colleagues and all quite honored to have this opportunity to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives. Bill never forgot it. I think it goes back to his experience as a young man serving as a page in the House and then coming back to be a Member of this institution. He loved the House so much.  There were times when the rhetoric around here and the debate would become so partisan and so personal that Bill would take it on himself to go and meet with the Democrats on the other side of the aisle and say, let's start bringing Members together for informal dinners so that people become friends again and realize that we still have so much more in common.  Then the year before last Speaker Tom Foley appointed Bill Emerson and myself to serve as co-chairs of a bipartisan task force on Federal disaster assistance. It was a great experience, because I literally sat shoulder to shoulder with Bill Emerson for months as we went through hearings and came up with a joint report that we both agreed on. We completely trusted one another, we worked together closely on a bipartisan basis, and I think did good work for this Nation and for this House of Representatives.  Bill Emerson is going to be missed but what he brought to this House of Representatives we will remember for a long, long time. It was a certain level of class which we should all aspire to.  