Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support of this amendment, and say to earlier speakers that someone has noted the fact that the Committee on Appropriations voted against this amendment, and that is true. The Committee on Appropriations also voted against an amendment which I had several years ago to ban smoking on airplanes. Fortunately, this House of Representatives came together in a bipartisan fashion overruling the decision by the Committee on Appropriations.  Mr. Chairman, I would defy all my friends on the side of tobacco today to stand up and say that was the wrong decision. It was the right decision. No one, no one would consider turning back the hands of the clock to the day when people could smoke on an airplane and pass along secondhand smoke to innocent people. The fact of the matter is, this has been accepted conduct now across the United States and we are now applying it to international flights.  I might also thank the gentleman for noting that the money saved from the Durbin amendment will be reinvested in the same rural communities that we have talked about here during the course of this debate, providing in the southeastern United States and across the country, opportunities for medical telecommunications links so that community hospitals can have professional medical care, providing rural water and sewer grants so that a lot of small town America will be able to modernize its infrastructure.  Mr. Chairman, the final point I would like to make is, my friends on the other side of this debate continue to ignore the reality that we subsidize tobacco growers in this country. The gentleman shakes his head, but I would like to tell the gentleman the exact dollars. Ninety-eight million dollars will be put in Federal subsidies to tobacco growers this year; $68 million for crop insurance losses beyond premiums paid; $10 million overhead costs of administering the program. If this is not a Federal subsidy, I tell the gentleman, nothing is. It is $78 million for those two items and $700,000 for extension agents.  Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his forbearance, and say that any farmer who grows other crops will not be prohibited from speaking to extension agents. We just do not want the Federal Government encouraging the growth of tobacco in this country, a deadly product which is killing so many innocent people.  