 The current welfare system is in desperate need of reform. For public aid recipients trapped in the system, for those who exploit the welfare system, and for the taxpayers who foot the bills, an overhaul of welfare in America is a high priority.  The fundamental problem with our current system is that for many people welfare becomes more than a helping hand; it becomes a way of life. For some who enroll in the primary welfare program, Aid to Families with Dependent Children [AFDC], welfare becomes a trap they cannot escape. Some are afraid to lose the health benefits they receive through Medicaid. Others are unable to secure child care to enable them to go to work. We must eliminate these barriers and chart a clear path for welfare recipients to go after a paycheck instead of a welfare check. Welfare should be viewed as temporary assistance, not a lifestyle.  I believe welfare benefits should be cut off for recipients who are unwilling to pursue work, education or training. I also believe we must strengthen child support enforcement. Billions of dollars in child support payments go uncollected each year. By establishing paternity at birth and pursuing deadbeat parents, we can reduce the number of families that are impoverished by the failure of non-custodial parents to fulfill their financial obligations.  Today the House of Representatives is considering two proposals--the Gingrich bill and a bipartisan proposal offered by Representatives Castle and Tanner. The bipartisan Castle-Tanner welfare reform bill is dramatically better than the Gingrich bill.  The bipartisan bill will move people form welfare to work. It provides sufficient funding for work programs, and provides needed child care assistance for mothers who will be required to work and for working poor families.  The bipartisan bill protects children. It requires States to provide vouchers for the children of families who are removed from welfare before they reach the 5-year time limit, and it gives States the option of providing vouchers for children of families who exceed the 5-year limit. It allows families to continue their Medicaid coverage if they lose welfare benefits because of a time limit. And it continues the eligibility of the children of legal immigrants for SSI and food stamps.  In contrast, the Gingrich welfare bill is weak on work and tough on children. It cuts resources for programs that move people from welfare to work, potentially leaving States with a $9 billion deficit over 6 years. It discourages work by reducing the Earned Income Tax Credit, which has the effect of raising taxes on more than 4 million poor working families. It makes deep cuts in food stamps, endangering the nutrition of millions of children and elderly Americans. It denies food assistance to more than 300,000 children simply because they or their parents are immigrants. It does not ensure Medicaid eligibility when States change their welfare rules, endangering the health of millions of poor families. And it fails to ensure that child support orders are updated regularly to reflect the growing income of the non-custodial parent.  I still have significant problems with parts of the Castle-Tanner bill, particularly provisions relating to legal immigrants. Legal immigrants play by the rules and contribute to the progress of our country, just as all of our ancestors have done. I support effective requirements on the sponsors of legal immigrants who apply for benefits, but I do not believe that people who live legally in our country should be treated unfairly.  I am supporting Castle-Tanner in the hope that bipartisan welfare reform will become a reality this year. But before I support sending a measure to the President, I hope that the House-Senate conference committee addresses the serious flaws in the House effort.  