Speaker, I rise in opposition to the conference report on the Immigration and Nationality Act. I support genuine immigration reform, to end illegal immigration and protect American workers from employers who knowingly hire illegal immigrants and put Americans out of work. I regret that the conference report which is now before the House does not meet the standard of genuine immigration reform.  The United States cannot afford to absorb all those who want to settle in our country. I support continued funding of our existing efforts to deter illegal immigration. I have voted for provisions to strengthen the laws, including doubling the number of border patrol agents and increasing the number of work site inspectors to enforce laws against the hiring of illegal aliens. And I support efforts to prevent abuses in enforcement and ensure that enforcement efforts conform to our civil rights and our laws of justice.  Most Americans are immigrants or the descendants of immigrants. Legal immigrants have made and continue to make significant contributions to America's scientific, literary, artistic, and cultural resources. As the son of an immigrant, I believe America's strength is in its diversity. It is in our national interest to build upon that strength through a system which maximizes the positive opportunities legal immigration affords by allowing qualified immigrants to participate in our economy and share their talents and strengths with our communities. Family unification should be one of the key guideposts for evaluating immigration reform proposals.  I voted for the immigration reform bill which was passed by the House in March. It was not a perfect bill, but it would have made needed changes in the law to stop illegal immigration. It would have doubled the number of border patrol agents; permanently barred those who previously entered the country illegally from ever being legally admitted; increased the number of work-site inspectors to enforce laws against the hiring of illegal aliens; and streamlined the deportation process.  The conference report which is now before the House is worse than the bill passed by the House in March in several ways. For example, the bill that was passed by the House retained civil penalties for employers who knowingly hire illegal immigrants. But the conference reports which is now before the House removes the civil penalties against employers who knowingly hire illegal immigrants, which will make it easier for unscrupulous employers to hire illegal immigrants and put Americans out of work.  I support effective and reasonable income-deeming requirements on the sponsors of legal immigrants who apply for public benefits. At the same time, I believe that immigrants and refugees who live legally in the United States, and contribute to our country's progress just as all of our ancestors have done, should not be discriminated against in the area of public assistance.  The conference report is worse than the bill passed by the House in its treatment of legal immigrants. For example, the conference report would allow the deportation of battered women and children, who are legal immigrants, if they receive public shelter and counseling for more than 1 year. The House-passed bill exempted shelter and counseling for battered women and children.  I voted for the immigration reform bill that passed the House because I believe that illegal immigration is an urgent problem that must be addressed by this Congress, and I had hoped that the bill would be improved as it moved through the legislative process. Instead, we find that the Republican leadership has decided to turn the effort to reform our Nation's immigration laws into a cynical political game.  I urge my colleagues to vote to recommit this bill to the conference committee. Reject this conference report, and instead bring genuine immigration reform legislation to the House before Congress adjourns.  