 The legislation before us today includes the President's full request for assistance to Israel, including economic support funds, foreign military finance grants, counterterrorism assistance, and funds for the resettlement of refugees from Eastern Europe. In addition, the legislation requires that this assistance be provided on an expedited basis.  The security and the prosperity of the United States are intricately interwoven with the security and prosperity of Israel. The American people and the people of Israel are inseparably joined by a common heritage, shared values and democratic forms of government. The threats to Israel--from political conflict, extremism, economic instability and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction--are also threats to the people of the United States.  We have seen historic changes in the Middle East in recent years as Israel has reached out to its neighbors for peace. But real dangers and significant obstacles to peace remain.  The people of Israel have just recently held elections and voted for new leaders. This is a time of transition for Israel, and Israel's people must know that the United States will remain a steadfast and strong ally.  The assistance we provide to Israel will strengthen our most important ally in the Middle East, deter aggression from hostile nations in the region, and ultimately protect the security of the United States. This assistance will help Israel to preserve a qualitative advantage in defense, even though it is heavily outspent by its larger neighbors. It will help Israel to absorb the economic cost of maintaining a strong defense. And it will once again assure the people of Israel, and its adversaries, of unwavering American support.  We must support Israel because it is the right thing to do, and because it is the wise course to take. I urge my colleagues to support the President's request for assistance to Israel and vote for final passage of the Foreign Operations Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 1997.  