Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I hope this amendment will receive bipartisan support. What we are trying to address in this amendment is a very serious life-and-death problem in public housing across America.  Several weeks ago I was taken on a tour of the Chicago housing projects. The people who took me on the tour pointed out buildings in the projects, fully occupied buildings, that were under the control of drug gangs. Despite the best efforts of security personnel and Chicago police, these gangs literally took control of housing units, terrorizing the residents, selling narcotics, brandishing weapons and firing those weapons at will.  Anyone who wants this documented should read the story entitled ``There Are No Children Here,'' by Alex Kotlowitz, a Wall Street Journal correspondent who followed the lives of two tiny children growing up in public housing in the city of Chicago. It is an incredible story.  Mr. Chairman, the worst part of the story is the violence that takes place in public housing today.  This amendment addresses clearly and plainly the question of possessing firearms in public housing, and it attempts to establish a national standard which says very simply that we prohibit the possession of illegal, illegal firearms in public housing and public housing zones, that we prohibit the reckless discharge or attempted discharge of any firearm in public housing, and those found guilty of the crime will be subject to 5 years in prison, a $5,000 fine, or both.  Is this necessary? Let me use the city of Chicago as an example. In one sweep of public housing projects in the city of Chicago between April and June of last year, this is what they confiscated: 170 handguns, 192 assault weapons, assault weapons, over $133,000 in cash, thousands of grams of controlled narcotics and substances with a street value in excess of $2 million.  This public housing belongs to the residents, but it also belongs to the taxpayers of America. We owe it to the families, we certainly owe it to the children in that public housing, to keep their lives safe from harm.  Those who would bring in illegal firearms or discharge them in public housing should be subject to the full brunt of the law, not just tenants, but those who come onto public housing grounds and take advantage of the poor families living there.  I commend this amendment to all of my colleagues, Democrat and Republican, and reserve the balance of my time.  