Speaker, I rise in support of reforming the welfare system. As the American people know, the current welfare system is in desperate need of reform. For public aid recipients trapped in the system, for those who exploit the welfare system, and for the taxpayers who foot the bills, an overhaul of welfare in America is a high priority.  The fundamental problem with our current system is that for many people welfare becomes more than a helping hand; it becomes a way of life. For some who enroll in the primary welfare program, Aid to Families with Dependent Children [AFDC], welfare becomes a trap they cannot escape. Some are afraid to lose the health benefits they receive through Medicaid. Others are unable to secure child care to enable them to go to work. We must eliminate these barriers and chart a clear path for welfare recipients to go after a paycheck instead of a welfare check. Welfare should be viewed as temporary assistance, not a life-style.  I believe welfare benefits should be cut off for recipients who are unwilling to pursue work, education or training. I also believe we must strengthen child support enforcement. Billions of dollars in child support payments go uncollected each year. By establishing paternity at birth and pursuing deadbeat parents, we can reduce the number of families impoverished by the failure of non-custodial parents to fulfill their financial responsibilities.  The legislation before the House today makes many of the changes needed to reform the welfare system. It will move people from welfare to work, and it provides child care funding and Medicaid to help people make the move from a welfare check to a paycheck. It maintains nutritional guarantees. And it includes child support provisions to press deadbeat parents to meet their responsibilities so their children do not end up on welfare.  This legislation is better than the Gingrich bill which I opposed 2 weeks ago. The Gingrich bill eliminated the Federal guarantee of nutritional assistance. The Gingrich bill denied Medicaid to legal immigrants. The Gingrich bill denied benefits to children born to parents on welfare. And the Gingrich bill did not allow States to provide vouchers for children when their parents exceeded time limits. The legislation before us today does not include any of these problems.  This legislation is also far better than the Gingrich bill I opposed last year. Last year's Gingrich bill would have block-granted and reduced funding for the nutrition program for Women, Infants and Children; school lunches and breakfasts; and the Child and Adult Care Food Program. It would have eliminated the critical nutrition, education and health services that are an important part of the WIC program's effectiveness in increasing the number of healthy births. It would have eliminated the assurance of food assistance for many children, leaving many of them without enough food to eat. And it would have eliminated the assurance of sound nutrition standards for these programs.  Last year's Gingrich bill also would have eliminated the guarantee of Medicaid coverage for millions of women and children on AFDC. It would have terminated most Federal day care programs and replaced them with a block grant to States. It would have cut overall child care funding and caused many families to be denied day care assistance. Without day care, many parents would be forced to quit their jobs and enter the welfare system. It also would have eliminated many of the health and safety standards that have previously been required of day care providers receiving Federal funds, and put many children's lives at risk. And it would have cut funding for foster care, adoption assistance, child abuse prevention and treatment and related services, and turned these programs over to the States in a block grant. Today's bill does not contain these enormous flaws.  The legislation before the House today is far from perfect. It has significant problems that must be corrected, and I will work with the President to ensure that these problems are effectively addressed. I support effective requirements on the sponsors of legal immigrants who apply for benefits, but I do not believe that people who live legally in our country should be treated unfairly. The legislation before the House today is unfair to legal immigrants who play by the rules and contribute to the progress of our country, just as all of our ancestors have done. And the legislation before us today cuts nutritional assistance too deeply, which will be harmful to children and may force some working families to continue to choose between paying the rent and putting food on the table.  I will vote for the legislation that is now before the House because it makes many of the changes that must be made to change welfare from a way of life to a helping hand. And I will work with the President to correct the problems in this legislation that have nothing to do with welfare reform.  