Chairman, behind me on this podium, you may not be able to see it, carved into the wood, are nothing short of tobacco leaves. The people who designed this Chamber 100 years ago thought that this was such an important part of the American political scene, they put it permanently in place. You will find it, too, as you tour this Capitol, at the top of the columns, tobacco leaves. Tobacco has always enjoyed, I guess, a special place in the politics of America. But I think the American consumers and taxpayers have had their fill of the tobacco growers and the tobacco companies. As we witness day in and day out our families and friends afflicted by diseases related to tobacco, we understand this is not just another agricultural product. As we see these tobacco companies openly deceive American consumers about their products, we understand this is not just another product. As we realize that over half of the smokers in this country started smoking before the age of 16, when we realize that the starting average age for a person to use spit tobacco, those little round cans, is 9 years old in America, we understand what we are up against. We are up against a product that has to be treated differently. It should not have a privileged place in this town or in this Government. If the tobacco growers want to continue their program at their own cost, God bless them. If they want to continue their crop insurance at their own cost, God bless them. If adults want to choose to smoke, and I hope they do not, but if they want to, God bless them. But, Mr. Chairman, the rest of us, the taxpayers of this country, should not be footing the bill to subsidize this deadly product. Today Members of Congress who have been preaching about balanced budgets and deficit reduction for months around this place have a chance to put up or shut up. This Durbin amendment gives them a chance to save at least $25 million a year and to say to the taxpayers once and for all when they ask the question, ``Why do you subsidize this deadly product?'' We did, until we passed the Durbin amendment, and we stopped.  