Speaker, on behalf of myself and Congressmen Glenn Poshard and Jerry Costello, I rise to honor Capt. William R. (Bill) Norwood of Carbondale, IL, for his distinguished career and his contributions to Illinois and the Nation. Captain Norwood is retiring after more than 30 years with United Airlines. I want to take this opportunity to acknowledge his significant achievements.  Bill Norwood's life has been one of great individual achievements, which have helped to pave the way for others to follow. He was the first black pilot hired by United Airlines, and the first to reach the rank of captain. Today, there are 236 black pilots at United Airlines who have followed in Bill Norwood's footsteps.  He was born in Centralia, IL, where he attended Lincoln Elementary and Centralia Township High School. He started working at the age of 10, selling newspapers, and worked with his father in carpentry. He graduated from Southern Illinois University in Carbondale with a degree in chemistry, where he was also the first black quarterback on the football team, and went on to earn a master's in business administration from the University of Chicago. He was hired by United Airlines in 1965 and has flown all the cockpit positions and many different airplanes, beginning with the 727 and ending with the DC-10.  He was inspired to become a pilot by a teacher in grammar school who had flown with the Tuskegee Airmen black fighter squadron. He joined the ROTC and served 6 years in the U.S. Air Force, where he flew for the Strategic Air Command.  He is the recipient of many honors and awards, including the United Airlines Flight Operations Division Special Achievement Award; the United Airlines 1991 Community Relations Award; the Certificate of Merit from the Chicago Merit Employment Committee; the Illinois Concerns for Blacks in Higher Education Special Merit Award; membership in the Southern Illinois ROTC Hall of Fame; the Southern Illinois Athletic Hall of Fame; and the Centralia, Illinois Historical Hall of Fame. He was profiled in Chicago's ``Successguide 1991'' as one of the top 10 black professionals making outstanding contributions to the community. He is named in the first editions of ``Who's Who Among Black Americans,'' ``Profiles in Black,'' ``The African Americans,'' and ``African American Firsts.'' He is also pictured in the National Air and Space Museum's permanent display called ``Black Wings.''  Beside these many honors are the contributions he has made to our community. Bill serves on the board of trustees of Southern Illinois University and the Southern Illinois University Aviation Advisory Committee. He is a member of the Illinois Board of Higher Education; immediate past president and former treasurer of the State Universities Retirement System Board; and he works with the Illinois Committee on Black Concerns in Higher Education. He is a member of the Airline Pilots Association; he has served many terms as treasurer, president, and chairman of the board of the Organization of Black Airline Pilots; he is a life member of the NAACP; he serves on several committees at the Prince of Peace United Methodist Church; and he frequently takes time to visit schools and give career and motivational talks to young people.  Bill is retiring from United Airlines to spend more time with his family, which he raised with his lovely wife, Molly Frances Cross Norwood, who is also president and CEO of the Blue Ribbon Press. His two adult sons, William, Jr., who is an air traffic controller, and George Anthony, an attorney, are following in their father's footsteps of high achievement. On behalf of his many friends and admirers, I congratulate Capt. William R. (Bill) Norwood and wish him and his family the very best in the future.  