Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This amendment which I offer restores $1.5 million for the Environmental Protection Agency for a program known as the Toxic Release Inventory. To put this in layman's terms, we are talking about chemicals. We all understand from our human experience that chemicals are very important. They are important of course in medicine, they are important of course in our commerce, and they are important in our daily lives. But we also realize that chemicals can be dangerous, and toxic chemicals by definition are dangerous in nature.  So in 1988, we said to the Environmental Protection Agency under this Toxic Release Inventory Program that they should monitor the toxic chemicals across the United States to determine whether or not they are being discharged in a way that might cause a serious public health problem.  This was a program which over the years was applauded, not only by those in government, environmental groups, and consumer groups, but even by responsible business groups who realized that they had to be good corporate citizens. They did not want to misuse toxic chemicals and cause cancer, learning disabilities, any type of deformities that might result from their misuse.  It was interesting when we passed this toxic release, community right-to-know law that many of the major chemical companies in the United States announced that they accepted the challenge from the Federal Government: They would announce the release of their toxic chemicals into the environment, and they went a step further, large companies did, and said, we are going to set out to dramatically diminish the release of toxic chemicals.  So, since this program was put in effect in 1988, it has been estimated that the release of toxic chemicals in communities and cities and locals across the United States has been reduced over 40 percent. Why? Quite simply, because many of these businesses faced with disclosure, faced with the requirement to report to the Environmental Protection Agency were much more careful.  This is a good program. It is one which major companies subscribe to and understand to be part of their responsibility as American citizens. Yet,the Republicans again this year, as last year, come forward in an effort to stop this program, to cut the funds from the Toxic Release Inventory, the community right-to-know program.  I say to my colleagues, this is a mistake; $1.5 million in a bill of this magnitude is a very small amount. This is an effort by a special interest group, and I would say a very selfish special interest group, which does not want to report to the American people what is happening to toxic chemicals in the workplace.  Now, that is not fair. It is not fair to the families which count on this reporting so that they know whether the drinking water which they are using in a community is safe, whether the emissions out of a smokestack near the community are safe; it is not fair to the workers at the place of employment who basically should know whether or not they are being exposed to toxic chemicals every day; and it is not fair to the local units of government who should be advised as to whether or not there are toxic chemicals on the premises. If there is a fire, a hurricane, a tornado, an earthquake, the local mayor, the police department, the fire department have a right to know whether toxic chemicals are being used.  This effort by the Republicans to cut money for this program is very shortsighted. The people across America understand that the era of big government is over, but families across America count on our government to protect them from invisible dangers and threats. Each time we drink a glass of water in our home communities, we expected it to be pure and safe. We hope that some governmental unit is protecting our family to make sure there is not an unseen danger in that drinking water.  This effort, this Republican effort to stop the community right-to-know legislation, to stop the Toxic Release Inventory strikes a dagger at the heart of the relationship between families and their government. We have got to make sure that families have that confidence. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment which restores the money to the Environmental Protection Agency.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  