Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I stand in opposition to this amendment. Keep in mind that we have reduced the amount of money under title III, Public Law 480, from $50 million to $29 million. I am almost speechless, and that is something for a politician, when I consider that we are now trying to take away $29 million spent by the United States of America in the poorest countries of the world, literally the poorest of the poor. The money is given to professional private voluntary organizations which use the food to convert into cash to put into programs to feed the poorest people in the world literally.  In order for a country to qualify for this $29 million, I say to my friend from Florida, there is a requirement under the law that the annual income has to be less than $742 a year. We are talking about people, and I have visited people in Bangladesh, which has to be a basket case among this family of nations that we live in for disastrous consequences from cyclones and hurricanes to flooding and drought.  This money is given to local organizations through the conversion of grain into cash and then given back to the people to feed their babies, to feed their infants. to make certain that we do not see the horror on the television of people starving to death. That is what title III is all about.  Mr. Chairman, the grain companies are not going to notice $29 million more in title I, but we are going to notice it when they visit countries like Bangladesh, Bolivia, Honduras, Sri Lanka, and Ethiopia where the poorest of the poor rely on this program. A nation as rich as the United States, as compassionate as the United States, can surely spare $29 million out of a $1.5 trillion budget for the poorest of the poor around the world.  I guarantee my colleague from Florida that if his amendment goes through and we see the kind of famine and disaster we have seen in nations, there will be an outpouring not only from private citizens but from this Government to come to their aid. Please do not cut off this basic program which provides food. This is not a boondoggle.  The gentleman says it is used to distort the market mechanism. The market mechanism in Bangladesh? Has the gentleman been there? Has he seen their market mechanism? It is not a question of driving to the supermarket. It is a question of whether the baby has milk, whether or not there are basic foodstuffs to feed children.  