Speaker, I rise in strong support of the NATO Enlargement Facilitation Act of 1996, H.R. 3564.  This legislation reflects strong bipartisan support in the U.S. Congress for welcoming the new democracies of Eastern and Central Europe into NATO when they are prepared to meet the responsibilities of membership. And it authorizes necessary assistance to help these new democracies prepare for NATO membership.  As cochairman of the Baltic freedom caucus in Congress, I particularly commend to my colleagues the provisions of H.R. 3564 relating to Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia. H.R. 3564 states that it is the sense of Congress that Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia have valid historical security concerns that must be taken into account by the United States, and the Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia should not be disadvantaged in seeking to join NATO by virtue of their forcible incorporation into the Soviet Union. H.R. 3564 also names Lithuania, Lativa, and Estonia as countries which should participate in the Regional Airspace Initiative and the Partnership for Peace Information Management System.  The fledgling Baltic democracies, still struggling to overcome the effects of 50 years of communist domination, have made great efforts to prepare themselves for NATO membership. They are reforming their armies and instituting civilian controls and Democratic values. They have proven their ability to cooperate in multilateral efforts through the Baltic battalion. They have participated in Partnership For Peace training exercises. And they have contributed troops to the NATO-led operation in Bosnia, where they have earned the respect of their NATO allies and suffered in loss of their young soldiers.  U.S. policy in Eastern and Central Europe should be based on two goals: First, to support the security of the new democracies in the Baltics, Eastern and Central Europe; and second, to create a climate of trust in our relations with Russia, so it understands that the West has no hostile intentions toward Russia's territory or its people.  Expanding NATO membership at the appropriate time will enhance U.S. security, and strengthen democracy and free market reforms throughout Central and Eastern Europe. An expanded NATO, carefully crafted, can secure the peace for generations to come.  As a cosponsor of H.R. 3564, I urge my colleagues to support and pass the NATO Facilitation Act of 1996.  