Chairman, some 1,500 different crops are grown in the United States of America. The Department of Agriculture gives 60 of those 1,500 crops special treatment. For those crops, those 60 crops, we have manyprograms, including the Crop Insurance Program.  The purpose of my amendment today is to delete one crop from that list. The crop I am speaking of is tobacco. Why would I single out tobacco of all the things grown in America? Because tobacco is not like any other agricultural product. It is neither food nor fiber. It is in fact the only legal product sold in the United States which, when used according to manufacturers directions, will kill you. Tobacco is not just another agricultural crop.  My friends who will stand today in defense of tobacco and its programs will speak at great length about equity and fairness. Let me tell you about the equity and fairness of tobacco.  At this very moment there are young people who are listening to this debate. They have a vested interest in this debate.  Each year the tobacco companies, with this tobacco product, have to lure these children into a lifetime addiction that will kill 1 out of 3. Each day in the United States 3,000 children start smoking for the first time. Think about it, parents of America. Think about it. If your child came home tonight and said, ``Mom, Dad, I've got great news, I just started smoking,'' how many of us would stand up and say ``Congratulations, we were hoping that you would make that decision.'' My colleagues know better, and so do I.  Four hundred thousand Americans will die this year from tobacco-related diseases. It is the No. 1 preventable cause of death in America.  Also in the Chamber, sitting in the seats today, are the lobbyists for the tobacco companies and the tobacco growers. They are the heavy hitters in this town. They have more money than friends, but we will see a lot of their friends on the floor today. They will tell us in debate that the Federal Government does not subsidize tobacco. That is not true. Let me tell you specifically why it is not true.  We will spend this year $98 million on a variety of programs subsidizing tobacco. The single most expensive is crop insurance. Follow me. A tobacco grower plants his crop and buys crop insurance and pays a premium. Then if the crop fails, from drought, flood, pests, whatever it is, he will expect to collect on his insurance policy. But when we add up all the premiums paid by tobacco growers and then we add up all the money paid by the Government when the crop fails, guess what? They do not match. We taxpayers step into this situation and put $68 million on the table to subsidize tobacco and tobacco growth.  Some of my friends have passed around some ``Dear Colleagues'' about the Durbin amendment. One of the statements here is that tobacco growers would be the only farmers in the Nation without access to crop insurance. I am sorry. They should have checked the facts. One thousand five hundred different crops in this country and only sixty are covered by crop insurance.  The Durbin amendment, and I have many of my friends, the gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hansen] on the Republican side, and others who have joined me in this amendment, says that the tobacco crop will no longer be covered by crop insurance. What does it mean to my colleagues?  When you go to your town meetings and the person stands up and says, ``Congressman, explain something to me, if you will. If tobacco is killing our children, if it is the No. 1 preventable cause of death in America, why does the Federal Government still subsidize to the tune of $90 million a year the growth and production of tobacco products?''  Most Congressmen will say, ``Oh, but we don't.''  They are wrong. We do.  Many of them will say, ``we should not.''  By voting for the Durbin amendment today, they will be able to put an end once and for all to this Federal subsidy of crop insurance for tobacco.  