Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. Let me associate myself with his remarks. Voting down the Roemer amendment is essential if NASA is to stay alive. We have spent $22 billion already on the Space Station. There are several hundred thousand pounds of materials that are set and ready to go for launch. We should put those in orbit. We should not put them in a museum.  I have a rather lengthy statement in support of the Space Station and against the Roemer amendment, which I will not give due to the lateness of the hour.  Today, Representative Roemer is offering an amendment to cancel the International Space Station. While he has offered the amendment before because he felt this was a poor investment of taxpayer money, he is the unexpected beneficiary today of the fact that the Space Station has run into difficulty.  Nevertheless, this amendment asks Congress to turn our backs on a commitment the United States made to 15 other countries investing billions on their contributions to the International Space Station. This would have us throw away some $22 billion the American taxpayers have already spent building the hardware for the International Space Station. Most of that hardware already exists. Several hundred thousands of pounds are being processed for launch into space at Kennedy Space Center right now. The Station's opponents would have us forego all of the scientific benefits that are going to flow from this unique research laboratory. Finally, it would turn us away from our future in the human exploration and development of space. That is not the vision of a space program that most of us have. It is not the space program that the American people want, and it is not the space program we should pass on to future generations.  The responsible thing to do for the International Space Station is to offer solutions to the program's problems, which this body did last year in passing a two-year NASA authorization. That bill contained a decision-tree that would prevent these problems from continuing and offered commercialization options that would reduce the obligations the taxpayers face while preserving the scientific research they deserve.  Since the President has declined to suggest a solution of his own to the problems created by Russia's involvement in the program or to enforce his own budget caps, Congress must hold the Administration's feet to the fire.  The Senate has proposed one option of isolating the International Space Station in its own appropriations account in order to end the financial shell games that the Administration has been playing for the last few years.  While this is an important step, we also need to hold the President to his promises. H.R. 4194 does just that, providing all of the funding for the International Space Station that the President originally promised us he would need. But, in holding the President to his original promise that the Station would cost no more than $2.1 billion a year, this bill reflects a lack of confidence in NASA's justification for program increases in the absence of meaningful reforms necessary to prevent further schedule slips and cost overruns.  The decision to fund the International Space Station at $2.1 billion despite the Administration's $2.27 billion request reflects the reality that NASA's budget numbers for this program have no credibility. In recent years, NASA has a track record of revising their estimates just a few weeks after Congress funds the Station at their requested levels. I don't think anyone should be surprised that this budget strategy has worn thin. NASA has $400 to $500 million of carryover in the Space Station program which should satisfy any budget shortfall.  Members who vote against the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will vote to provide an adequate level of funding while sending a message that NASA must get its fiscal house in order.  In closing, Mr. Chairman, I feel the underlying bill continues our commitment to the human exploration of space while responsibly addressing the program management's flaws. I urge my colleagues to support human space exploration, our international commitments, and those who have dedicated themselves to get this research laboratory off the drawing board and into space.  