Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Barcia) for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3824 requires the Secretary of Commerce to review the Fastener Quality Act to assess if its provisions are still needed and to report his findings back to Congress.  The Senate amended H.R. 3824 to require the Secretary to specifically consider other regulatory programs which currently regulate fasteners in making his determination on the continued need for the Fastener Quality Act.  Mr. Speaker, the Fastener Quality Act was signed into law in 1990. This well intended but misguided legislation requires a large percentage of metallic fasteners used in this country to be documented by a National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) certified laboratory. Although the legislation has been on the books for eight years and counting, difficulty in developing the regulations of the Act have delayed NIST from implementing the regulations until this year.  H.R. 3824, as passed by the Senate, amends the Fastener Quality Act by exempting certain fasteners produced or altered to the specifications of aviation manufacturers from the new regulations. Aviation manufacturers are already required by law to demonstrate to the FAA that they have a quality control system which ensures that their products, including fasteners, meet design specifications. Subjecting the proprietary fasteners of aviation manufacturers to a second set of federal regulations is redundant and unnecessary. In fact, the FAA has stated that doing so may even undermine the current level of aviation safety.  In addition to exempting certain fasteners used in aviation manufacturing from the provisions of the Fastener Quality Act, H.R. 3824 has two other important functions. First, it delays implementation of the NIST Fastener Quality Act regulations until after June 1, 1999. Second, the legislation requires the Secretary of Commerce to transmit to Congress a report including recommendations or changes to the Act that may be warranted due to changes in the fastener manufacturing process.  Delaying NIST's regulations until next year gives us the opportunity to take a closer look at the Fastener Quality Act, especially considering the scope seems to have grown significantly since the Act was crafted over eight years ago. Originally intended to ensure public safety, today, if NIST regulations were to beimplemented, even every-day household products like garden-hose fasteners and window fixtures could be forced to comply with the additional burdens of the Act. Furthermore, the automotive industry projects the cost of compliance for the motor vehicle industry could be greater than $300 million a year without necessarily enhancing vehicle safety.  As Chairman of the Committee on Science, I have pledged to hold additional hearings on the issue beginning next month. Technology Subcommittee Chairwoman Morella will again take the lead on these important hearings, and I would like to thank her for all her support and hard work to date on this important issue. We may find that changes in the fastener manufacturing process have diminished the need for the Fastener Quality Act. H.R. 3824 will give us the time needed to ensure that costly and redundant regulations do not go into force.  H.R.3824 passed the House by voice vote on June 16, 1998. It has wide bipartisan support and has been endorsed by several business associations, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. As the Chamber concludes in their endorsement letter, ``H.R. 3824 * * * is an important step to help ensure that America's manufacturing economy and consumers are not harmed by outdated or unnecessary regulations''.  I strongly urge all my colleagues to support this common-sense legislation.  