Speaker, in the past two decades, Congress has established a system to transfer unclassified technology from our Federal laboratories to the private sector in order to facilitate its commercialization. This system is designed to ensure U.S. citizens receive the full benefit from our government's investment in research and development.  To help further these goals, the Committee on Science first reported the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980. The committee expanded on that landmark legislation with the passage of the Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1986, the National Competitive Technology Transfer Act of 1989, the American Technology Preeminence Act of 1991 and the National Technology Transfer and Advancement Act of 1995, among others.  Technology transfer has resulted in products which are currently being used to enhance our quality of life. Examples include the AIDS home testing kit, the global positioning system nautical navigation, and new materials technology to make automobiles lighter and more fuel-efficient.  H.R. 2544 continues the Committee on Science's long and rich history of advancing technology transfer to help boost our Nation's standard of living. I congratulate the Chair of the Subcommittee on Technology, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), for introducing H.R. 2544, and for her efforts to work cooperatively with members of the minority and the administration to craft this bipartisan bill.  I would also like to acknowledge and congratulate the hard work of the ranking Members from the Committee on Science and Subcommittee on Technology, the gentleman from California (Mr. Brown) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Barcia) on this important legislation. Its drafting and passage by the Committee on Science could not have occurred without their considerable input and assistance.  The purpose of H.R. 2544 as reported is to promote the transfer and private sector commercialization of the technology created in our Nation's system of over 700 Federal laboratories, thereby leveraging Federal investment in scientific research through increasing collaboration with the private industry.  Specifically, the bill improves and streamlines the ability of Federal agencies to license federally-owned inventions. H.R. 2544 does this by reducing procedural obstacles and, to the greatest extent possible, the uncertainty involved in the licensing of government-owned patented inventions.  During the Committee on Science's hearing on this bill, the committee received testimony from both past and prospective private industry partners regarding their concerns about current Federal technology licensing processes.  Witnesses indicated that the strategic advantage of acquiring intellectual property rights through a cooperative research and development agreement, called CRADA for short, and/or the licensing of government-owned technology, are, unfortunately, offset by the delays and uncertainty often associated with the lengthy Federal technology transfer process, which is often out of sync with private sector timing. In addition to the uncertainty of actually being granted the license, these procedural barriers increase transaction costs and delay commercialization.  The present regulations also make it difficult for government-owned and government-operated laboratories, or GOGO for short, to bring existing scientific inventions into a CRADA, even when inclusion would create a more complete technology package.  By reducing the delay and uncertainty imposed by existing procedural barriers and thus lowering transactional costs associated with the licensing of technology transferred from the Federal laboratories, Federal agencies could greatly increase participation by the private sector in their technology transfer programs.  H.R. 2544 does just that. Its approach will expedite the commercialization of government-owned inventions and reduce the costs to the American taxpayer for the development of new technology-based products.  Through H.R. 2544, Federal agencies are provided with two important new tools for effectively commercializing on-the-shelf government-owned inventions: First, revised authorities under section 209 of the Bayh-Dole Act; and, second, the ability to license technology as part of a CRADA. Both mechanisms make Federal technology transfer programs much more attractive to U.S. private industries that seek to form partnerships with the Federal laboratories.  The committee reported H.R. 2544 by voice vote. The bill was subsequently discharged by the Committee on the Judiciary, to which it was sequentially referred. I appreciate the cooperation of the chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), for their assistance in bringing H.R. 2544 to the floor.  This bill is yet another important step in refining our Nation's technology transfer laws to remove existing impediments to advance government and industry collaboration, and I urge its adoption.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  