Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. McDade), the dean of the House Republicans, who is retiring this year.  (Mr. McDADE asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McDADE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the pending resolution.  Mr. Speaker, these votes on the question of impeachment are difficult ones for all of us. And my view of this sad situation is colored somewhat by my personal knowledge of how prosecutors and investigators can unfairly target and charge a citizen.  But after reading the report of the Judiciary Committee, it is conclusive to me that the President violated his constitutional oath to the people of the United States. He did so by intentionally misstating the facts in sworn testimony, repeatedly. Likewise, he violated his oath by perverting the system of justice, by concealing evidence and attempting to influence testimony, and by refusing to answer forthrightly the legitimate questions of a congressional committee.  However, I am gravely concerned about the tactics used by the Independent Counsel in this matter regarding the President. I am equally appalled by the tactics of another independent counsel in the case of former Secretary of Agriculture Mike Espy. Mike Espy, in the read world, is now known as `former Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy.' But Prosecutor Smaltz is still Prosecutor Smaltz--for bringing a false case the prosecutor suffers no loss of position, no penalty for his misconduct while his target loses his job and his good name. The prosecutor is unaccountable.  These independent counsels are doing nothing out of the ordinary when they intimidate witnesses or engage in other unfair tactics. The tactics used by independent counsels are the same tactics used by regular federal prosecutors every day against American citizens. The U.S. Department of Justice fights any attempt to bring accountability, to bring oversight, to punish prosecutors who engage in misconduct.  Repeatedly, these tactics are given the seal of approval by the U.S. Department of Justice. Nobody at the Justice Department raises any question about this type of conduct, which violates the Constitution. In my opinion, they contort the basic intent of the Constitution, which is to ensure the freedom of every citizen in this country.  Earlier this session, I tried to pass legislation to reform the Department of Justice as it conducts its daily operations. I believe the need is clear--just look at the normal investigative techniques used every day in this country by not only independent counsels, but by all federal prosecutors. They cry out for attention, because they threaten the liberty and constitutional rights of our citizens.  In carrying out their mission, overzealous prosecutors violate the rights of far too manyof our citizens. They represent a rogue element within the larger group of law enforcement, they must be curtailed. Their powers are enormous, then conduct unaccountable, and their victims are the constitutional rights of our citizens.  In 1940, then-Attorney General and future Supreme Court Justice Robert H. Jackson warned of the dangers of placing too much unaccountable power in the hands of a prosecutor. Anyone who reads his statement should be deeply concerned about liberty in our country. Listen to just two sentences:       With the law books filled with a great assortment of      crimes, a prosecutor stands a fair chance of finding at least      a technical violation of some act on the part of almost      anyone. In such a case, it is not a question of discovering      the commission of a crime and then looking for the man who      has committed it, it is a question of picking the man and      then searching the law books, or putting investigators to      work to pin some offense on him.  That alert, given in 1940, should be regarded as a bright danger signal in 1998. For the number of laws and regulations on the books have increased a thousand-fold. And as they have grown, so does the danger Jackson warned us about.  Today, an overzealous and unaccountable prosecutor can target and charge citizens on a huge variety of technical and substantive violations of law. The power they unleash is beyond description. The effects on a citizen of our country are ruinous.  Legislation which I offered (H.R. 3396 and the House overwhelming passed as part of the Commerce/Justice State appropriations bill on August 5 would have reined in the abuses of these overzealous prosecutors. Before and after passage of the bill in the House, the Department of Justice lobbied intently against it. And my question is, why?  Title I of my bill requires the lawyers at the Department of Justice to abide by the ethics law which govern the actions of all other lawyers. The Department vehemently argued the need for their self-proclaimed exemption from ethics laws. They were opposed by the chief justices of all 50 states, the American Bar Association, and every professional group which took a position. Standing alone in favor of their own ethics exemption was the Department of Justice. Their position was resoundingly defeated in a House vote.  Title II of my bill set a series of bright lines and prohibited DoJ personnel from crossing them. It also offered for the first time a remedy for a citizen aggrieved by untoward conduct by the Department of Justice. and conduct proscribed by the Act--such as withholding evidence that would exonerate a person, altering evidence misleading a court--was clearly stated. The Department of Justice intensely lobbied against this section of the bill. In the House, the Department's effort was in vain, as once again, the ``people's branch'' overwhelmingly voted for a newly-stated ethic. But the Department was successful in recoving Title II in a conference with the Senate.  Again, the question--why the white-hot lobbying effort to defeat it? Why would they oppose simple codes of punishable instances of prosecutorial misconduct? It seems so self-evident that these codes are basic to the constitutional protection of every citizen. Why would they oppose and lobby so intensely? It may be because of the provision in Title II which begins a system of accountability--real accountability with an independent review of instances of prosecutorial misconduct.  Much remains to be done in an area of grave consequences. While I am grateful that Title I of my bill survived in the omnibus appropriations conference, our nation also needs Title II to bring accountability to the Department of Justice. It is my hope that the 106th Congress will continue the work we started this year, to safeguard our citizens from prosecutorial misconduct.  