McCollum).  Mr. McCOLLUM. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for yielding this time to me.  Madam Speaker, I am pleased to support S. 505 which will extend copyright protection and resolve a long standing issue concerning music licensing. I am also pleased to be joined by my colleague, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) who has devoted extensive time and energy to reaching the solution on this issue. It is clear to me that today we would not be here if it were not for Mr. Sensenbrenner's committed effort, and I believe that that deserves recognition, and I want to thank him personally for the time he has put in on it. I also wanted to express my gratitude to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) and to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Coble) and to Senator Hatch for their dedicated commitment to copyright protection.  Extending the term of copyright protection by 20 years will ensure that the American public continues to enjoy the contributions made by our creative community. In addition, it would eliminate harmful discrimination against American works abroad. Copyright protection benefits the public. It promotes the creation of educational materials, widens the dissemination of information and provides countless hours of entertainment. Copyright products such as movies, software, music and books contributed more than $275 billion to the U.S. economy in 1996 and employed more than 6\1/2\ million workers.  It is clear that we must be as vigilant in protecting intellectual property as we are protecting physical property. Unfortunately, without the enactment of this legislation, U.S. copyright owners would continue to be at a critical disadvantage in overseas markets. The European Union, which is the largest market for U.S. copyrighted products protects its own products for 20 years longer than it protects American works. This is due to the fact that foreign countries only protect U.S. works for as long as the U.S. itself protects its own works. Enactment of S. 505 would eliminate this extreme economic disadvantage and contribute to America's balance of trade.  With S. 505 we will no longer be abandoning 20 years worth of copyright protection for our creative community. In addition, we will be promoting the creation of new copyrighted works for the American public and strengthening our international trading position abroad. Also, S. 505 resolves the longstanding dispute between song writers, music publishers and the performing rights societies on the side, one side, and the restaurants and the other, and commercial users of music on still the other. The compromise provides certain exemptions from copyright infringement for the limited commercial use of radios and televisions. It also provides for additional forums for individuals to be heard in court concerning music licensing rates and fees.  This fair and balanced compromise is the result of years of work, and I am pleased to be joined by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) in urging my colleagues to support the passage of this resolution and the resolution of this matter by the adoption of S. 505 which I certainly encourage tonight.  