Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, first of all, this McCollum amendment is no compromise. It was the last offer of the music-licensing monopolies, ASCAP and BMI, in the negotiations which broke off and has been rejected unanimously by all the organizations that support my amendment. The adoption of the McCollum amendment will not fix the problem with music licensing.  I would like to give a little comparison between the two. First, the McCollum amendment does not provide for local arbitration. Any business owner or proprietor that wishes to contest a rate demand by ASCAP and BMI still has to go to court and hire a lawyer.  Now, instead of having to go to New York, the McCollum amendment has the cases heard by a Special Master in each of the 12 circuits. That does not reduce the cost to a proprietor who wishes to contest something that he feels unreasonable. Going to San Francisco from Pocatello, Idaho, or to Atlanta from Kissimmee, Florida, or to Chicago from Superior, Wisconsin, is going to cost a lot of money and the meter ticks; and local arbitrations in the Sensenbrenner amendment will solve that.  Secondly, the McCollum amendment only covers certain restaurants and not other music users, whereas, my amendment is universal. Only bars and restaurants are covered by the McCollum amendment, not funeral homes, the dentist's office, florists, the Main Street appliance store. They still are subject to the same type of harassment by ASCAP and BMI that my amendment seeks to eliminate. So unless our funeral home or our dentist's office has got a restaurant or a bar license, then we do not get the exemption. So it is very narrowly targeted.  Third, the McCollum amendment is poorly targeted and would include parts of a restaurant where music is not played. For example, the 3,500 square feet contained in the McCollum amendment includes the bathroom, the broom closet, the refrigeration area, the storage area and the like, instead of the 3,500 square feet in my amendment, which is just where the music is played. If we want to pay a royalty fee or have to pay a royalty fee, we ought to pay a royalty fee where people can listen to the music rather than where there is no music.  The McCollum amendment also does not apply to all music licensing societies in its circuit rider provision. It only provides to ASCAP and BMI, which are the subject of the consent decrees that were entered many years ago. Bob Dylan is not a member of ASCAP and BMI, and if one of his tunes comes up on the radio or the TV, the McCollum amendment does not apply, and the restaurateur or the bar owner or the other retail proprietor is subject to the existing law. The Sensenbrenner amendment does not have that defect.  There is no freedom from vicarious liability in the McCollum amendment. So our city's convention center or a big hotel which is open for various types of exhibitions is on the hook because one of their tenants that they have leased space out to happens to turn on the TV when licensed music is played. The Sensenbrenner amendment gets rid of the vicarious liability, and that is a protection for hotels as well as for the municipalities that operate convention centers and the like.  The McCollum amendment circuit rider adjudication provision is only as good as the Department of Justice consent decrees. If the DOJ gets rid of the consent decrees, then everything goes back to New York City. And DOJ has done that on many complicated areas, the most prominent of which is the AT litigation consent decree.  The McCollum amendment only applies to a restaurant owner who does not own any other business besides his restaurant. So if the restaurant owner is into something else, the McCollum amendment does not apply. It would go back to the existing law which is so strongly objected to.  And finally, under the McCollum amendment, an appliance store dealer who sells radios and TVs would still have to pay royalties for music that comes across the TV when he turns them on to sell them. The Sensenbrenner amendment does not do that.  I think that the McCollum amendment is a sham. It is a fig leaf that really does not solve the problems that have caused this issue to come to the Congress. And finally, I would like to point out that there are those who say that passing the Sensenbrenner amendment is going to take away the income of poor, starving artists. If they believe ASCAP's figures, only 14 cents of their revenue on the dollar comes from fees from bars and restaurants. My amendment does not exempt live performances, big nightclubs----  