Chairman, I rise today in opposition to the dairy provision in this bill which delays the implementation of the federal milk marketing order reforms and perpetuates the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact.  I believe that the current federal milk marketing program is the most egregious and unfair aspect of federal dairy policy. The current federal milk marketing orders were created in the 1930s and were designed to ensure that all regions of the country were adequately supplied with fresh milk. This is obviously not the 1930s and fresh milk is available nationwide. Federal orders need to change to reflect the numerous changes that have taken place through technological advances at every level of dairying--from production to processing; distribution to transportation.  When Congress wrote the 1996 Farm Bill, we look at the rapidly changing agricultural landscape and realized that the old practices of government intervention were no longer working and mandated the USDA reform the program. With the 1996 Farm bill we set a course for greater market orientation in dairy policy, including the phaseout of the dairy price support system. The process for reform is underway. Secretary Glickman has indicated his support of steps toward a more market-oriented milk pricing system. We should not rescind our commitment to reform the federal dairy program by delaying the implementation of this much-needed reform.  Furthermore, the existence of the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact is a completely discriminatory aspect of the current federal dairy policy. Last year I introduced legislation, H.R. 438, to rescind the consent of Congress to the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact. To date, there are twenty-six cosponsors. I oppose such compacts because they run counter to the intent and spirit of the U.S. Constitution for free trade between the states. The legal authority for the Northeast Dairy compact was never considered by the House of Representatives but was slipped into the conference report to the 1996 Federal Agriculture Improvement Act, even after failing in the Senate. This is one of the main reasons I voted against this conference report. Nonetheless, one of the conditions of the existing law is that the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact would terminate concurrent with the Secretary of Agriculture's implementation of the federal milk marketing order consolidation and reforms, currently set at no latter than April 4, 1999. Any simple extension of this implementation date would also prolong the existing Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact.  The Compact is detrimental to consumers because the higher milk prices paid to farmers under the compact have been passed on to milk purchasers at the retail level. The Compact is also reducing milk consumption in the region while milk production in New England is increasing, raising the specter of a return to the days of dairy purchases at taxpayer expense. Let the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact sunset.  I will support the amendments to be offered today by my colleagues Mr. Obey and Mr. Petri to remove the provision which delays dairy reforms and perpetuates the anti-competitive dairy pricing cartel, known as the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact.  