Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. S. 505 contains two important provisions and is substantially identical to H.R. 4712 which the gentleman from Florida (Mr. McCollum) and I introduced earlier today. It adopts the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act identical to the language the House passed by an overwhelming margin in March. This section of the bill is a fitting tribute to our departed colleague Sonny Bono. The second part of the bill adopts an agreement on the issue of fairness in music licensing issue. This agreement is the product of grueling and ofttimes contentious negotiations. I am proud of the final product and am pleased that all sides were able to work together to bridge their differences. This bill is a victory for small business and a tribute to the commitment of its supporters. In March, the House overwhelmingly passed the Sensenbrenner amendment to the Copyright Term Extension bill by a 297-112 vote. That amendment reflected the core principles of my legislation, the Fairness in Music Licensing Act, and had the strong endorsement of groups, including the National Federation of Independent Business and the National Restaurant Association. Since that time, we have been working to strike an agreement with the other body over this language. I am pleased to report we have arrived at a compromise that is supported by the same groups and is acceptable to the opponents of the original Sensenbrenner amendment. In short, passage of this bill today will allow the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act and the Fairness in Music Licensing Act to become law in very short course.  Under the music licensing compromise, restaurants and bars with 3,750 gross square feet or less will be exempt from paying music licensing fees for playing the radio or television in their establishments. Retail businesses will benefit from a 2,000 gross square foot exemption for radio and television. Importantly, both types of establishments, regardless of size, will be exempt if they have six or fewer external speakers or four televisions measuring 55 inches or less. Secondly, the bill contains a ``circuit rider'' provision that will provide small businesses an alternative to the existing system of dispute resolution which requires businesses to challenge ASCAP and BMI in a New York rate court. Under the provision in this bill, the existing New York rate court maintains jurisdiction over those cases but will hear them at the circuit court level. Lastly, the bill provides an exemption from licensing fees for television and stereo equipment retailers so that these businesses are not required to pay a fee simply to demonstrate to a potential customer that a product works. At this point in my statement, I would like to engage in a colloquy with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. McCollum).  Mr. Speaker, I want to make certain that the critically important provision concerning the burden of proof is clearly understood in the license fee determination provision, Section 512(4). Nothing in Section 512(4) shall change the burden of proof with respect to the rates or fees under the consent decrees, which places the burden of showing a reasonable rate or fee on the performing rights society.  Does the preceding statement reflect the gentleman's understanding of the provisions stated above?  I yield to the gentleman from Florida.  Mr. McCOLLUM. Madam Speaker, yes, it does. I thank the gentleman for asking that question. I most certainly agree that is correct.  