Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1274, the Technology Administration Act of 1997. The bill includes a variety of provisions that will allow the Technology Administration (TA) and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to move forward with their missions.  The bill establishes in law the requirement that the Department of Commerce must consult with Congress before reprogramming funding for, or from, any NIST or TA programs. The bill further requires that Commerce must consult with Congress before conducting a major reorganization. I view these two new changes to permanent law as vital to the Science Committee's ability to continue its oversight on the programs of TA and NIST.  The bill also includes a Sense of Congress on the Year 2000 computer problem. This Sense of Congress is intended to continue the pressure on the Department of Commerce to fix its Year 2000 problem before it is too late. The Science Committee has included similar provisions in all its House-passed authorizations, and I think they send a powerful signal to the Administration that Congress is taking this issue very seriously.  The bill also authorizes two new awards for the Malcolm Baldridge Quality Awards Program. These new awards in healthcare and education were included in H.R. 1274, as passed by the House last year.  Additionally, the bill lifts the six-year sunset requirement on Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) program centers. Again, similar language passed the House last year.  The bill contains language establishing the Office of Space Commercialization. The office has existed for a decade, but has been without a legislative charter. The language will not expand the office's responsibilities, but will give it a clear statutorily defined mission. This language passed the House last April as part of H.R. 1275, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Bill.  The bill also contains a new program to bring science and math teachers into NIST's laboratories during the summer months. The program is intended to improve teacher understanding of science through direct experience working along side or observing some of the world's best scientists at one of our leading national laboratories. The program will require no new facilities and the bill includes no new authorizations of funds for the program, it will be carried out within NIST's existing laboratory budget.  The bill also creates for one year the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Technology (EPSCOT). EPSCOT was funded last year and has been included in both the House and Senate Commerce, Justice, States Appropriations bills. It will receive funding in Fiscal Year (FY) 1999. The language in H.R. 1274 creates guidelines for the program. It also specifies that the program is only established for FY 1999.  Finally, I would like to remark on what is not in the bill. The bill contains no authorization's of appropriations. While H.R. 1274 passed the House last year in advance of the FY 1998 appropriations process, and included authorization for TA and NIST for FY 1998 and 1999 totaling over a billion dollars, the bill, however, returned from the Senate after the FY 1999 appropriations process had all but concluded, and therefore the authorizations have been removed from the bill.  Additionally, this bill does not in any way authorize the Advanced Technology Program (ATP). ATP was reformed and authorized in H.R. 1274 when it passed the House in 1997. In negotiations with the Senate, no agreement could be reached on a reasonable funding and reform package, and, therefore, all provisions dealing with ATP were stripped from the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend Technology Subcommittee Chairwoman Morella for her hard work on this measure, and I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 1274 and vote to send it to the President for his signature.  