Chairman, the amendment that I offer today is the culmination of nearly 4 years of effort to provide relief for the small business community from the unfair music licensing system administered by the performance rights monopolies.  My involvement in this issue stems from the tactics of an ASCAP operative who circumnavigated a lake in my district, hitting up every bar or restaurant with the standard take-or-leave-it proposition. Needless to say, I received a number of calls from perplexed and outraged owners. The tactics of ASCAP's representative prompted me to make a more thorough investigation of how these performance rights organizations function and who, if anybody, controls their behavior.  What I learned was an eye opener. ASCAP and BMI, the two largest music licensing societies, are virtual monopolies operating under consent decrees administered by the Justice Department. Unfortunately, the Justice Department's priorities have been elsewhere, allowing the two monopolies tooperate with impunity. The conduct of these monopolies has prompted 22 States to adopt code of conduct laws. Given the licensing society's' record of heavy-handed action, a Justice Department that has looked the other way, and a Federal law that is either ambiguous or clearly skewed, now is the time for Congress to act.  My amendment incorporates three of the core principles embodied in my original bill, H.R. 789, the Fairness in Music Licensing Act. First it eliminates the most unfair aspect of the current system. Under the consent decrees, any business in the United States that wishes to dispute a licensing fee with ASCAP or BMI is forced to travel to New York City, hire a New York attorney, and fight it out in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York, the so-called rate court.  My amendment establishes local arbitration of these rate disputes so no one is coerced into accepting a license rate simply because it would be foolish to spend thousands of dollars to travel to New York to challenge the licensing monopolies and their litigation war chest.  Let me point out that the current law requires that these disputes be resolved in court. My amendment takes it out of court, eliminates the necessity of hiring an attorney, and has local arbitration decide the issue.  Second, the amendment updates the existing home-style exemption. Under the amendment, businesses whose public space is 3,500 square feet or less would be exempt from paying royalties for playing the radio or TV unless they charge admission. Those over 3,500 square feet would be exempt if they had two TVs or less and no more than six speakers.  It is important to note that the exemption provided in my amendment does not, and I repeat, does not apply to live or recorded music where the proprietor controls the content. Only TV and radio broadcasts for which the broadcaster has already paid the royalty are exempt.  Let me give an example of how far down the food chain the licensing societies go in pursuit of royalties. A marching band plays a song during the half time of a football game. First the stadium pays the licensing society to use the song played by the band. Then the national TV network pays to broadcast the song. Next the local TV station pays to broadcast the song. Then the local cable system pays for the song again. And finally, the bar in Pewaukee Lake, Wisconsin pays for airing the song on TV. That is right. The music licensing societies are paid five times, five times for the right, the one playing of one song. That is a scam and that is what my amendment reforms.  The provision also exempts retailers of stereos and television sets who under existing laws must pay licensing fees simply to demonstrate that their product works so that a customer may buy it. You go into your local appliance store to buy a TV. The proprietor turns the TV on so that you can see the quality of the picture. And because the proprietor did that to sell the TV, they have to pay ASCAP under this current law. My amendment eliminates that.  And finally, the amendment protects landlords and convention owners from vicarious liability for music licensing fees for music played by a tenant or an exhibitor.  