Chairman, today I rise in support of H.R. 2589, the Copyright Term Extension Act, if, and only if, my amendment to ensure fairness in music licensing passes.  H.R. 2589 provides a very generous windfall to the entertainment industry by extending the term of copyright for an additional 20 years. That is 20 years more that they can commercially exploit works that would otherwise fall into the public domain.  Mr. Chairman, the Constitution I read suggests the need for balanced intellectual property rights between its creators and users. When the mechanisms designed to ensure that balance are broken, it is the duty of Congress to act.  Passage of the amendment which I will offer later on today will provide that balance. It sends the message that the voice of the tavern keeper in Boston, Massachusetts, Greensboro, North Carolina, or Milwaukee, Wisconsin is just as important as the parade of celebrities that Hollywood has trotted out to support expanding its rights by passing term extension and oppose my efforts to enact the modest reforms I seek for small business.  The amendment which I will offer is a compromise version of my legislation, H.R. 789, the Fairness in Music Licensing Act and is a key vote for the NFIB, the National Restaurant Association, the National Association of Beverage Retailers, and the many other small business associations.  They support my amendment because it ensures fairness by providing for local arbitration of rate disputes, so small businesses do not have to go to New York City and hire an expensive attorney to contest a rate that may involve several hundred dollars.  They support my amendment because it prevents small businesses from being forced to pay every music licensing society a fee for music already paid for several times over.  Let me make this point: Under my amendment, nobody gets a free ride. The creators of intellectual property are paid. My amendment only provides for the exemption for a retailer who has a TV set on or a radio set on where the creators of the intellectual property have already been paid a licensing fee by the TV or radio station or the other broadcast media.  We should stop the double-dipping, and we should stop the harassment of small business operators over the type of programming that they have no control over. It does not provide an exemption for tapes or CDs or live music performances such as has been described earlier.  The same groups oppose a window-dressing amendment to be offered later on today by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. McCollum). That amendment is unanimously opposed by America's small businesses because it reflects a rejected proposal from failed negotiations. It contains no local arbitration, and it excludes the vast majority of America's small businesses from any relief from the music-licensing monopolies.  Make no mistake, the McCollum substitute to my amendment is the music monopolies' amendment. The McCollum-ASCAP-BMI substitute is a key vote, no, by the same groups I just identified in support of my amendment.  Next time, Mr. Chairman, you walk down Main Street in a town in your district, walk with your head held high knowing that you did the right thing for small business. Do not cozy up to the same folks who have been abusing small businesses in your district and mine for years by supporting the McCollum amendment, because it substitutes the interest of Main Street for the interest of the music monopolies.  In the name of balance and support for Main Street U.S.A., vote no on McCollum and yes on Sensenbrenner.  