Speaker, H.R. 1271 authorizes the FAA to carry out its Research, Engineering and Development program for fiscal years 1998 and 1999. The objective of the RE program is to develop and validate the technology and knowledge required for the FAA to ensure the safety, efficiency and security of our national air transportation system.  Technologies developed through the RE program are helping to transform our Nation's aging aviation system into a modern air traffic management system capable of meeting the increased aviation demands of the coming century. Examples of recent advances developed utilizing RE funds include quieter aircraft technology, more reliable aircraft control equipment, advanced explosive detection systems, and longer lasting runways.  Overall, H.R. 1271 authorizes $226.8 million in fiscal year 1998 and $229.6 million in fiscal year 1999 for the FAA to carry out the RE program. Critical projects and activities of the program include research and development in the areas of air traffic management, navigation, weather, aircraft safety, systems security and human factors.  Finally, H.R. 1271 contains language to require the FAA to provide Congress with notice of any major reprogramming or reorganization effort within the RE program and directs the FAA to move immediately to access the pending effect of the year 2000 computer program on the agency's information system. The legislation does not, however, include an authorization of funds for implementing the Flight 2000 demonstration program requested by the administration in the fiscal 1999 budget request. The Committee on Science plans to hold authorization hearings beginning next month on this program.  I would like to commend the gentlewoman from Maryland, (Mrs. Morella), the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Technology, the gentleman from California (Mr. Brown), the ranking member of the committee, and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Gordon), the ranking member of the subcommittee, and other members of the Committee on Science for their hard work in crafting this legislation.  H.R. 1271 is a true bipartisan bill which originally passed the House by the overwhelming vote of 414 to 7. Late last year the Senate amended and passed H.R. 1271. The Senate amendment made two significant changes to the bill. First. It struck the fiscal year 2000 authorization and, second, it increased the authorization for RE by $5.6 million in fiscal year 1999.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1271, as amended by the Senate, is a good bill and I strongly urge my colleagues to demonstrate our Nation's commitment to civil aviation research and development by voting aye today and sending this bill to the President.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  