Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3332, the Next Generation Internet Research Act of 1998, amends the high-performance Computing Act of 1991 to authorize appropriations for the next generation Internet program for fiscal years 1999 and 2000. It was passed by a voice vote by the Committee on Science on May 13, 1998.  Today's Internet bears little resemblance to the original network that grew out of the work sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Programs Agency and later by the National Science Foundation. What started out as a relatively small but important network linking Department of Defense and research university computers has exploded into a highly integrated worldwide system used largely by commercial and other enterprises. From 1998 to 2002, for example, the number of Internet users worldwide is expected to grow from 148 million to 477 million. Over the same period business-to-business electronic commerce is expected to grow from $78 billion to $300 billion.  The explosive growth in Internet traffic and its increasing importance to commerce and research has highlighted the need for new technologies to increase the speed and capacity of the system. Indeed the current system suffers limitations that could slow communications costing users both time and money. The NGI program will develop many of the technologies that will help the Internet keep pace with the increased demands placed on it.  I have long been supportive of the NGI program in concept but was initially reluctant to endorse the program because the administration had not developed an adequate plan on how it would be managed and how the funds would be spent. It was only in July 1997 that a draft implementation plan was put forward by the administration, too late for the Committee on Science to authorize the program in the First Session of the 105th Congress. With the release of the final implementation plan in February 1998 the committee felt it had a justifiable basis to move ahead with legislation to authorize the NGI program. The result is the bill before us today.  The NGI program will support R of advanced networking technologies to improve Internet performance, develop an advanced testbed network to demonstrate new technologies and use new technologies to develop more sophisticated Internet applications. One major goal of this program is to connect 100 NGI sites at 100 times the speed of today's Internet and to connect an additional 10 NGI sites at a thousand times the speed of today's Internet.  Specifically the bill authorizes $67 million for fiscal year 1999 and $75 million for Fiscal Year 2000 for the NGI programs run by the following five agencies:  Department of Energy, National Science Foundation, the National Institutes for Health, NASA and the National Institute of Standards and Technology. None of the money authorized is to be used for routine upgrades but only for research related activities.  H.R. 3332 also authorizes research into improving Internet access for rural areas, minority institutions and small colleges and promoting technology transfer to the private sector. The President's Information Technology Advisory Committee is required to report annually to Congress and to the President about the NGI program's progress in these and other areas.  In addition the bill directs the Secretary of Commerce to sponsor a National Academy of Sciences study that will look at the effects on trademark rights of adding new top-level domain names and make recommendations on how best to protect trademarks in the growing cyberspace economy. Eight hundred thousand dollars is authorized for this study.  H.R. 3332 is an excellent piece of legislation that will enhance a variety of fields and services including national defense, weather forecasting, air safety, telemedicine, the media, and education and research. And if that is not enough, it will also improve the quality of Internet service provided to the average consumer.  I would like to take a moment to thank my colleague, ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, the gentleman from California (Mr. Brown) for cosponsoring this bill with me. I believe we have crafted a bill that will earn the support of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the capital, and I thank the gentleman for all the time and insight he has contributed to this legislation. H.R. 3332 is an important and timely piece of legislation, and I ask my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  