Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, the question before us in this motion to recommit is whether we should make ourselves slaves to the clock or attempt to find out the truth. And let there be no mistake about it, nobody's conduct is under investigation here but that of the President of the United States. And if he had not committed those things that the allegations have sent forth to us by the Independent Counsel, we would not be faced with discharging our awesome constitutional responsibilities.  This should not be a race against the clock. And do not take my word for it, take the word of a respected senior Democratic Member on the other side of the aisle, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Lee Hamilton), who said yesterday, ``I have had a lot of experience with investigations. Time limits create large incentives for delay.'' Do not give anybody an incentive to delay and string this out by establishing an arbitrary time limit.  Now, my friends on the other side of the aisle have said that this will be a never-ending investigation. They have not read the twentieth amendment to the Constitution of the United States. The 105th Congress goes out of business on January 3, 1999. This resolution expires with the 105th Congress and would have to be renewed by a vote of the House on the opening day of the 106th Congress. So all of the arguments over here have been about just 3 days. I think that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), in following the Rodino precedent, and just almost adopting the Rodino resolution word for word, has done the right thing.  February 6, 1974, was the last time this House of Representatives had to do the sacred duty of commencing an impeachment inquiry. The gentleman from Illinois has patterned this resolution after the resolution introduced by Chairman Peter Rodino of New Jersey. There was bipartisanship on the Republican side of the aisle in commencing an impeachment inquiry along exactly the same lines against a Republican President. That vote was 404 to 4. I would ask my Democratic friends to be as bipartisan today as the Republicans were back in 1974 by rejecting the motion to recommit and joining with us to discharge our constitutional duty.  Mr. Speaker, I move the previous question.  