Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding me this time, and rise in support of this common sense amendment to prohibit any provision of law, any provision of the Kyoto Protocol, or any regulation issued pursuant to the protocol, from restricting the procurement, training or operation and maintenance of the United States armed forces.  As chairman of the Committee on Science, I spent a great deal of time analyzing this protocol, the U.N. treaty on climate change, including chairing three full Committee on Science hearings on the outcome and implication of the Kyoto climate change negotiations, and this past December I led the congressional delegation to the Kyoto conference.  Facts I have reviewed lead me to believe that the Kyoto Protocol is seriously flawed; so flawed, in fact, that it cannot be salvaged. The treaty is based upon science, costs too much, leaves too many procedural questions unanswered, is grossly unfair because developing nations such as China, India, Brazil and Mexico are not required to participate, and will do nothing to solve the speculative problem it is intended to solve. I have heard nothing today to persuade me otherwise.  The amendment addresses one of the protocol's many absurdities that the Clinton-Gore administration agreed to in Kyoto, namely the threat to our national security. Under the Protocol, the administration has committed the United States to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 7 percent below 1990 levels in the 2008 to 2012 time frame, or about the level that we were emitting 20 years ago in 1978.  Since the Federal Government is the Nation's largest energy user and greenhouse gas emitter, and the Department of Defense is the government's largest emitter, the administration essentially agreed to impose restrictions upon military operations, in spite of Pentagon analyses that showed that such restrictions would not only significantly downgrade the operational readiness of our armed forces, but also threaten their ability to meet the requirements of our national military strategy.  The text of the Kyoto Protocol is silent with respect to greenhouse gas emissions. However, the decision taken by the Framework Convention of the Climate Change's Conference of Parties exempts military operations ``pursuant to the United Nations charter,'' but requires ``that all other operations shall be included in the national emissions totals,'' with the effect of penalizing our armed forces for maintaining world peace.  The administration claims that this decision was one of its great triumphs in Kyoto, but I believe, however, it is one of the many mistakes made by Vice President Gore and his minions that guided the Kyoto negotiations.  As pointed out in a January 22, 1998 letter to the President by the Committee to Preserve American Security and Sovereignty, a concerned group of former U.S. national security and foreign policy officials that includes three past Secretaries of Defense and two past Secretaries of State, ``The Kyoto treaty threatens to limit the exercise of military power by exempting only military exercises that are multinational and humanitarian. Unilateral military actions, as in Grenada, Panama and Libya, will become politically and diplomatically charged.''  It is time too correct this Kyoto absurdity. Support this amendment and say ``yes'' to our national security and ``no'' to Kyoto.  