Speaker, let us talk about fairness to the American taxpayer that paid for the independent counsel's investigation. The American public, to be fair to them, ought to be able to see what the independent counsel has sent to Congress, pursuant to the independent counsel statute, free from spin doctors, free from talking heads, free from media hype. Let them see it in the form that it was sent by the independent counsel. I would point out that nobody is going to have a 1-minute advantage and a heads-up on this, because this will be released simultaneously to the American public, to theCongress, and to the President of the United States.  Now, the 35 of us who are members of the Committee on the Judiciary have an awesome constitutional responsibility in discharging our duties and evaluating this evidence to see whether or not the President has committed an impeachable offense or not. I am not asking for a leg-up to start working on this awesome responsibility. I am asking for fairness.  I am asking for an ability to be able to reach my own conclusions, free from the advice of people on the outside who have got axes to grind, and that is why I think that this resolution is fundamentally fair, because it strikes a balance between the openness that the American public expects this proceeding to be done, as well as the request that Independent Counsel Starr has made to protect certain individuals from undue conclusions, who are not involved in this process at all.  This report contains the most important information concerning a President that the American people will ever have to consider, and the American people ought to be put it into this equation so that they can see what the independent counsel has found and they can judge for themselves. It is imperative that the Congress conduct the public's business in as open a manner as possible.  The process laid out by the Committee on Rules is eminently fair. Congress, the citizens of this country, and President Clinton will begin their review process of Independent Counsel Starr's report at the same time. With the public dissemination of this material, the American people and Members of Congress can come to their individual conclusions regarding Mr. Starr's report.  The resolution charges the Committee on the Judiciary with the awesome responsibility of reviewing the full referral by Mr. Starr to determine if there are sufficient grounds to recommend to the House that an impeachment inquiry be commenced. We are committed to conducting an impartial and independent review of the independent counsel's investigation and his conclusions, and will reach our own conclusions based upon that review, and it will be done in a nonpartisan manner.  After evaluating Mr. Starr's evidence, the Committee on the Judiciary has two choices. Either it will find that there is no substantial evidence of impeachable activity by the President or it will recommend commencing a formal impeachment inquiry. This will be done not on a partisan basis, but on the evidence and on the law.  I support the resolution.  