 The bill approved by the Armed Services Committee includes necessary provisions to take care of our troops, suchas a 1-percent pay raise and the maintenance of affordable health care fees to avoid a detrimental effect on military retirees and their families.  I thank Chairman Levin and Ranking Member Inhofe for increasing authorizations for the shipbuilding budget, including an additional $100 million to support the procurement of a tenth DDG-51 destroyer under the current multiyear procurement contract. I am pleased that the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee on which I serve has also included this critical $100 million.  This ship is needed in the fleet to maintain the robust forward presence our Nation requires to protect trade routes, keep the peace, and assist when tragedy strikes.  When tensions flared in Syria, it was Navy destroyers that were positioned off the coast. Following the devastation of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines, two U.S. Navy destroyers were among the first ships on station.  Taking advantage of the opportunity to procure this ship will lock additional savings on a multiyear procurement that has already saved taxpayers $1.5 billion compared to procuring the ships individually.  I am also pleased the Armed Services Committee incorporated many provisions I support to combat sexual assault, which is one of the greatest challenges faced by the Department of Defense for a decade.  I first raised my concern about sexual assaults in the military with General George Casey in 2004. To say his response was disappointing would be an understatement. I am convinced that if the military had heeded the concern I raised then, this terrible problem would have been addressed much sooner, saving many individuals the trauma, pain, and injustice they endured.  While I will address this issue at greater length during consideration of this bill, I want to highlight three of the most important changes included in the bill.  First, the bill limits the authority of a convening authority to overturn or modify the findings of a court-martial in sexual assault cases. Second, the bill requires the military to provide an attorney dedicated to the interests of survivors of sexual assaults to provide legal advice and assistance when survivors need such assistance the most. Third, a servicemember convicted of sexual assault would be discharged from the military.  I also support the provisions in the bill to maintain the readiness of our military services by authorizing $1.8 billion to address readiness problems caused by fiscal year 2013 sequestration. This bill also directs the Pentagon to rein in unnecessary or wasteful spending while rejecting proposals that purport to save money but that actually cause more harm than good.  Two important provisions require DOD to develop a plan to reduce the number of General and Flag officer billets and to streamline management headquarters in an effort to save $100 billion over 10 years. Reducing unnecessary overhead is something we must insist upon in these fiscally constrained times.  Increasing the authorization for the Department of Defense Inspector General by $36 million will allow the office to perform additional oversight and help identify waste, fraud, and abuse in DOD programs. Historically, DOD IG reviews have resulted in a return on investment of nearly $11 dollars for every $1 appropriated.  The bill wisely rejects the President's proposal to authorize a new Base Realignment and Closure round in 2015 and prohibits the authorization of another BRAC round at least until the Department submits a review of excess overseas military facilities.  This is the right way to proceed because the GAO has found that the previous BRAC round has never produced the amount of savings that were promised when it was originally sold to Congress.  While this is an excellent bill, I hope to offer several amendments to make this important bill even stronger in addressing the national security challenges facing our country.  The first amendment I intend to offer, with my colleague Senator King, has been requested by the Navy to support the final settlement of the A-12 case. The Navy has reached an agreement with Boeing and General Dynamics to settle a decades-old lawsuit concerning the cancellation of the A-12 aircraft.  Our amendment would allow the Navy to accept $400 million in in-kind payments from industry to satisfy outstanding Navy claims related to the A-12 legal dispute between the Navy and two contractors, Boeing and General Dynamics. All parties--the Navy, the Department of Justice, Boeing, and General Dynamics--support the settlement.  If this amendment is adopted, the Navy will receive $400 million worth of needed military hardware effectively for free at a time when it is facing incredible fiscal challenges from sequestration.  In addition, taxpayers benefit because there is no guarantee the government will ultimately prevail in the ongoing litigation. If the government does not prevail, taxpayers may not get anything.  The second amendment I intend to file would require athletic footwear purchased for new military recruits to be domestically manufactured. Currently, DOD is circumventing the intent of the law known as the Berry Amendment through the use of cash allowances that provide no preference for domestically manufactured footwear. This amendment, which is also cosponsored by Senator King, would align the procurement policy for athletic footwear with other footwear and clothing provided to servicemembers.  In the last year, the Defense Logistics Agency has awarded more than $36 million in contracts for combat boots and dress shoes made in America. In contrast, the military services have provided cash vouchers totaling more than $15 million per year to new recruits to purchase athletic footwear, without any preference for domestically manufactured products. Why should DOD single out athletic footwear to be treated differently from dress shoes or combat boots?  Another amendment with Senator Blumenthal would require the Attorney General to jointly prescribe regulations to implement prescription drug take-back programs with the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs.  We know prescription drug abuse is a major factor in military and veteran suicides, which are occurring at an alarming rate. Unfortunately, 349 servicemembers died from suicide in 2012--more than the number of servicemembers who lost their lives in combat in Afghanistan last year. According to the VA, 22 veterans commit suicide each day based on data collected from more than 21 States.  Last year, the Senate adopted this amendment by unanimous consent. Regrettably, the provision was eliminated at the urging of the Drug Enforcement Agency with assurances that the agency was nearing completion of regulations that would address the concern.  One year later, we are still receiving written assurances from the DEA that they are ``almost ready'' to complete these regulations. In the meantime, prescription drug abuse continues to afflict our service men and women and our veterans. We cannot sit idly by for another year waiting for the bureaucracy to address this matter of life and death.  Finally, Senator King and I will offer an amendment to allow businesses that are located on a closed military base to draw employees from the local community to meet the 35-percent requirement for the purposes of qualifying as a HUBZone.  Congress previously passed a law to assist communities affected by previous BRAC rounds by allowing former bases to be eligible for HUBZone status, which provides preferences for certain Federal contracting opportunities.  Unfortunately, the law limits the geographic boundaries of a BRAC-related HUBZone to be the same as the boundaries of the base that was closed, which makes it difficult or impossible for businesses to qualify for the HUBZone program.  Our amendment would allow employees that live in nearby census tracts to count toward the 35 percent requirement and extend the period of eligibility from 5 years to 10 years so Congress' original intent can be fulfilled.  In addition to these amendments, I intend to cosponsor several others to further improve the bill.  Once again, I will support Senator Feinstein's amendment to make clear that a U.S. citizen or legal permanent resident arrested in the U.S. cannot bedetained indefinitely without charge or trial.  I am also cosponsoring an amendment with Senator Pryor to make sure that our dual status National Guard technicians are treated on an equal footing as our Active-Duty personnel. If our Active-Duty personnel are exempted from sequestration, then the National Guard dual status technicians--who are effectively the equivalent of Active-Duty military in the National Guard--should be exempt as well.  Let me close by thanking Chairman Levin and Ranking Member Inhofe for their hard work in putting together a bipartisan bill that addresses the needs of our military and our national security.  