Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 42.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 214, strike lines 11 through 15.       Page 215, beginning on line 13, strike ``Pursuant to      section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012      (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), not'' and insert ``Not''.       Page 216, strike lines 1 through 5 and insert the      following:       (1) ICAO technical instructions.--The term ``ICAO Technical      Instructions'' means the International Civil Aviation      Organization Technical Instructions for the Safe Transport of      Dangerous Goods by Air (as amended, including any amendments      adopted after the date of enactment of this Act).       At the end of title V, add the following:     SEC. ___. UNITED STATES LEADERSHIP.       Section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012      (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), and the item relating to such section      in the table of contents of such Act, is repealed.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, years ago, people used to refer to the tombstone mentality at the FAA, with a lack of oversight where fatal accidents happened, loss of rudder control and other things like that that could have been prevented with proper maintenance. We have moved beyond that point to a much more engaged and active FAA, except Congress has imposed a tombstone mentality on the FAA.  At the behest of Chinese battery manufacturers and large firms in theU.S. who utilize those batteries, an amendment was placed into a previous bill that prohibits the FAA from exercising its judgment about the safety of the carriage of lithium batteries on airplanes. Instead, we are bound to an international convention, the ICAO, which is very responsive to third-world countries and China and others in terms of seeking lowest common denominator regulation of anything that they can.  Normally, we lead the world. Normally, we would say: No, get this stuff off aircraft. We have lost two 747s--two 747s. They were cargo aircraft. They went down because of lithium batteries. It only takes a very few lithium batteries.  Do we have the lithium battery picture?  This is packaging of lithium batteries. This is what happens with those lithium batteries if just one overheats and starts a spontaneous reaction--again, catastrophic to the aircraft.  Now we are temporarily under an ICAO rule that says that they should not be carried in passenger aircraft, but they are still being regularly carried in the holds of cargo aircraft.  Now, we have oceans. We have freighters. They have containers. You could plan ahead.  Let's say 2 months from now we are going to say these things don't go in the air anymore because, okay, yeah, you are right; there are only a couple of pilots who are going to lose their lives. It kind of concerns me. Well, what happens if the 747 comes down in a populated area? Oops, a lot more people lose their lives.  So you can say 2 months from now they are not going to be on aircraft anymore and the industry can set up a new supply chain of putting these things in containers and shipping them across the ocean in a way that will not endanger people on the ground and, in all probability, will not lead to fatalities if there were an uncontained spontaneous ignition of these batteries.  Even worse, this administration has designated that the--did you ever hear of this?--Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, PHMSA, which is a little tiny, pretty dysfunctional agency, will take over the authority for the regulation and the negotiation of the regulation of lithium batteries from the FAA.  What does PHMSA, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, know about aviation? Nothing. Zero. Nada. Nothing.  So I guess, again, we are seeing the clout of the manufacturers and the Chinese battery manufacturers. Theoretically, they are safer now because they can only be charged to 30 percent, but often the Chinese just kind of forget to do it that way and put them on the planes anyway.  So this is an accident waiting to happen. It is an imposition of a tombstone mentality on the FAA by Congress. It says, until there is another proven crash due to lithium batteries, we can't regulate.  Come on. Really? Another proven crash, we can't regulate?  Let's give the FAA the authority to regulate these batteries. They could probably develop containers, maybe, that they could go in and still be on aircraft, but there are other ways of moving these batteries in world commerce.  So I would urge adoption of my amendment and the repeal of the tombstone mentality mandate on the FAA.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time  