Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O'Halleran).  Mr. O'HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment.  I am acutely attuned to concerns about fiscal responsibility. While Congress has struggled with fiscal concerns, the consistent attacks on the critical EAS program demonstrate a complete lack of concern for the realities of life across rural America.  Supporters of this amendment claim that, in many cases, an alternative airport is a short drive away. This incorrectly assumes that point-to-point miles on a map are the same as road miles.  The truth is that EAS is a vital economic engine that remains just as important today as when it was created. It supports economic development in small and rural communities by connecting businesses to larger markets.  Page, Arizona, in my district, is just one example of the need for this type of critical infrastructure. The challenges are real, but so is the promise in Page. Taking away vital EAS dollars at a time when Page and places like it all over the country are trying to attract business and capital would be devastating and undermine the critical work being done.  Let's work to support these communities, not exasperate the stark economic disparities in rural America. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject this shortsighted amendment.  Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, three points:  First, these amendments don't cut the fee support, only the $1 billion in direct taxpayer subsidies that would be paid into this program over the next 5 years. Under the so-called reforms referenced by the chairman, this program has doubled in cost over the past decade, and all Americans do not benefit from this program.  Let's take the remote communities, like those in Alaska. This program subsidizes 61 small communities in a State with 259 airports. That means there are roughly 200 airports and 350 local communities in Alaska, alone, that seem to do just fine without Essential Air Service.  If Alaska or any State believes that air service should be subsidized within their State, they certainly have the ability to do it themselves. So do individual towns. The States choose not to pay for the service; the local communities choose not to pay for the service; and, most importantly, the passengers, themselves, choose not to pay the actual cost of the service. Perhaps as we approach $1 trillion annual deficit, we should consider choosing not to pay for it either.  We hear that it helps prop up small airports and small airlines that service them. Well, sure, if you hand somebody wads of cash, that person does very well. The problem is that the people you took that cash from do very poorly to exactly the same extent.  A $275 million program out of a $4 trillion Federal budget seems like a drop in the bucket, and I agree we are not going to balance a $1 trillion annual deficit just by cutting programs like this. But if we can't cut a 40-year-old temporary program that has doubled in cost over the last 10 years--this is the kindest and easiest cut of all--then I fear that we will never summon the courage to get our budget back to balance before we bankrupt our country.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson).  