Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I particularly want to thank the chairman for getting the Water Resources Development bills back on track. We had gone many years without an authorization, and the chairman made it a priority to do this every 2 years.  We also have created a new process through which we provide some direction to the Corps of Engineers on where to invest their scarce resources.  If I had my way, or maybe if we have different leadership in the next Congress, we would go back to a much simpler, explicit process where we would designate high-priority local infrastructure investment as needed in the certain areas around the United States of America to better facilitate commerce. But that is for another day.  This is a good bill. It is a bipartisan bill. There is, however, one problem. That problem is that Ronald Reagan worked with a Democratic Congress to create a harbor maintenance trust fund funded by a miniscule ad valorem tax on the value of goods that come in from overseas and pass through our ports. Consistently, Congress has underspent those funds under both Democratic and Republican leadership.  Many years ago, I started to work with the chairman's father on this very issue. That is more than two decades ago now. We did make substantial progress in the last Congress and in this Congress.  An amendment that I offered to the water resources bill put us on a track toward spending all of the tax that is collected for harbor maintenance on harbor maintenance.  Now, I know that is kind of shocking in this town, that you would collect a tax from people and then spend it on the thing for which it is dedicated, but I think that would be right.  My proposal was adopted unanimously in the committee twice. Then Speaker Ryan, through his control of the Rules Committee, reached into the bill and extracted that amendment.  Why would they do that when we, on an average daily basis, have less than 40 percent of the authorized capacity at our 59 largest harbors?  Why would we cripple United States commerce and shipping interests? Why would we do that?  Well, so they can pretend that the deficit is a little tiny bit less. When it comes to taxes, a trillion dollars here, a trillion dollars there, we don't care about deficits. But when it comes to spending the harbor maintenance tax on harbor maintenance, we can skim off a few hundred million dollars every year and put it over here in an imaginary trust fund that we never spend.  So it is a bunch of BS that we are doing that. You should not be collecting taxes from the American people and then not spending money on the intended and needed purpose.  The Corps' estimate is that they need about $20 million to bring all harbors up to authorized depths in the next 10 years. If we were spending the full harbor maintenance trust fund income on an annual basis and spending down the balance that has already accumulated, we could exceed that goal and deal with other issues, such as jetty problems and the like.  The White House has come up with a brilliant and different solution. They want to reduce the harbor maintenance tax so we will never, ever bring up our ports to authorized depths.  In any case, that is the major problem with this bill.  The chairman has already mentioned a number of the attributes of this bill. There is a provision that potentially will make the Corps more efficient on dredging projects and look at multiyear as opposed to annual contracts. The Corps is getting some tools to respond to climate change--I can't believe we got that in there--sea level rise, and natural disasters.  It requires the Corps to be more transparent in how it chooses projects. As I mentioned earlier, I think Congress should be a little more direct there. Again, that is for another day.  It has provisions that are important to my district and my State, which are fully justified.  Mr. Speaker, again, it is a good, bipartisan project, and I reserve the balance of my time.  