Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. McEachin).  Mr. McEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks to preempt important State-level protections that help ensure truck drivers are treated fairly and that they are able to do their jobs safely.  This language would not just erase existing meal and rest break requirements for truckers, it would affect all State and local wage and hour laws, with adverse implications for everything from workers' compensation to the minimum wage. Such changes would be deeply harmful, and I urge my colleagues to oppose them.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  If you simply pick up a load in the Port of Los Angeles and drive 10 miles, that is deemed interstate commerce.  The problem I was trying to solve with a narrow amendment version was to say if someone is coming in from Nevada, crosses the State line, there would be confusion. That is truly interstate commerce.  What would apply?  The Federal hours of service, State hours of service, et cetera.  There could be a narrow fix to this issue. This is a preemption. If you read the law, basically, from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section.  So this would be a preemption in all 50 States of whatever additional conditions they have put in place.  Many truck drivers are horribly abused already. We have done away with detention time, and we have put time limits on when they can drive, for safety reasons. They are sitting at some warehouse facility for hours, earning nothing, unless we can have States with additional laws. If we aren't going to have Federal detention time, perhaps States can help with these problems. We do not want abused, tired truck drivers out on the road. We want them to be able to earn a living wage.  I have met with drivers out of the port numerous times who are in these endless deals to theoretically buy their truck that they never get to buy, and some of them are not even taking home $100 a week and working many, many hours. We need to stop these abuses. This is only going to make things worse.  Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.  