Mr. Speaker, let me just say that I am pleased and delighted to stand here today as this bill is voted on. I want to thank the Chairman Young and Chairman Hansen for their support of this bill. I also want to thank the ranking members of the committee, Mr. Miller and Mr. Richardson. I also want to recognize Mr. Hilliard  who represents Selma and Montgomery. I also want to recognize Mr. Vento for all of his help since we began this process. I want to thank all of you for your help and support.  This bill is very important to me and to many others. I believe that designating the route from Selma to Montgomery as a National Historic Trail is very fitting and appropriate. The march from Selma to Montgomery was a turning point in the journey to the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It was a long and difficult journey.  Before the civil rights movement, most blacks in the South could not vote. There were certain political subdivisions in the South--from Virginia to Texas--where 50 to 80 percent of the population was black, but there was not a single black registered voter. The few who were allowed to register were harassed, intimidated, and even beaten when they tried to exercise their precious right to vote.  In Lowndes County, AL, between Selma and Montgomery, the county was more than 80 percent black, and there was not a single registered black voter. In Selma, the county seat of majority black Dallas County, only 2.1 percent of voting age blacks were registered to vote.  So, to dramatize the need for voting rights legislation, a peaceful, nonviolent march from Selma to Montgomery was planned.  On Sunday, March 7, 1965, in the afternoon, a group of people left the Brown Chapel A.M.E. Church, walking in two's. It was a silent, nonviolent, peaceful protest, walking through the streets of Selma.  When we reached the apex of the Edmund Pettus Bridge, we saw a sea of blue--Alabama State troopers. The Governor of Alabama, at that time, George Wallace, had issued a statement the day before saying the march would not be allowed. The sheriff of Dallas County, a man by the name of Jim Clark, on the night before the march, had requested that all white men over the age of 21 come down to the Dallas County Courthouse to be deputized to become part of his posse to stop the march.  As we cross over the bridge on that Sunday afternoon, we faced the State troopers and a man identified himself and said:       I am Major John Cloud of the Alabama State Troopers. I give      you 3 minutes to disperse and go back to your church. This is      an unlawful march, and it will not be allowed to continue.  In less than 1\1/2\ minutes, Major John Cloud said, ``Troopers advance,'' and we saw the troopers put on their gas masks. They came toward us, beating us with nightsticks, bullwhips, trampling us with horses, and using tear gas.  That day became known as Bloody Sunday. There was a sense of righteous indignation all across the country. People could not understand what they saw on television and read in the paper.  Two days later, the marchers, joined by religious leaders from around the country, made a second attempt but turned back to avoid more bloodshed. After that march, a young white minister from Boston, James Reed, was beaten by the Klan and later died.  One week later, President Lyndon Johnson addressed the Nation and called for passage of the Voting Rights Act. He said:       I speak tonight for the dignity of man and the destiny of      democracy. At times, history and fate meet at a single time      in a single place to shape a turning point in man's unending      search for freedom. So it was at Lexington and Concord. So it      was a century ago in Appomattox. And so it was last week in      Selma, Alabama.  It was one of the most moving speeches I ever heard an American President make.  Finally, on March 21, 1965, the marchers were allowed to proceed. However, during that week of marching, Viola Liuzzo, a housewife from Detroit, was shot and killed.  As a direct result of these events, the Voting Rights Act was signed into law on August 6, 1965.  The history along this route is precious. It is imperative that we preserve and interpret this history. Even more than 30 years later, standing at the apex of the Edmund Pettus Bridge is a powerful experience. The trail reminds us of where we were in 1965 and how far we have come as a Nation and as a people.  Today, too few people cherish the right to vote. In the 1992 Presidential election, only 56 percent of the voting age population voted. In 1994, in the congressional elections, only 38 percent voted.  This trail will remind people that Americans--black and white, young and old, from the North and South--shedded blood. Some even gave their lives--to win the right for every American to vote.  It is my hope and belief that the history told along this trail will inspire more people to become involved in the democratic process.  By designating the route from Selma to Montgomery as a national historic trail, we will help educate and remind people of the right and responsibility to vote. We will also give well-deserved recognition to the men and women who sacrificed so much for voting rights for all Americans.  So I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill to designate the trail and help preserve the important sites along the trail for future generations.  