Mr. Speaker, I want to join with my colleagues to strongly protest France's actions in the South Pacific. I am pleased that France has stopped testing its nuclear weapons. But I must say--it is too late. The damage has been done.  France ignored the pleas of the governments and people of the South Pacific and throughout the world. We live on this planet together. We share its bounty. These are our oceans, our land, our people. We must respect each other.  President Chirac did not listen to the groans and moans, the hopes, the dreams and the aspirations of those who are longing for a planet free of nuclear waste, free of nuclear destruction, free of nuclear poison. This man--this President of France and his government--refused to listen to the community of nations.  And now, he wants to come to our house. To the people's house. President Chirac, our people do not support nuclear testing. Our people do not support radiation in the waters. Our people do not support a government that ignores the community of nations.  Six times, France has poisoned our earth. Six times, nuclear poison has seeped into the waters of this little planet. This poison remains with each and every one of us.  If France truly wants to atone for its wrongs, they must apologize to the people of the South Pacific. They must join with them to right the wrongs, to help heal the environment, to help heal the hurt.  As France's actions demonstrate, nuclear testing should be banned from this planet forever. We must never again engage in this desolate deed. It is time to evolve to another level, to a better world where we lay down the tools of poison and destruction and respect the community of nations.  Nuclear testing is obsolete. Nuclear testing is evil. To paraphrase the words of Mahatma Gandhi, ``Noncooperation with evil is as much a moral obligation as cooperation with good.''  So I cannot be silent. I cannot close my eyes to France's deeds.  I know France is our ally, but even with our good friends, we must have the courage to say that a wrong is wrong. We must have the courage to do what is right. I don't know about any other Member, but for me and my house, I will not be seated here tomorrow when Mr. Chirac comes to this House.  