Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay honor and tribute to our late Secretary of Commerce, Ronald H. Brown. No words I can utter on this House floor today can do justice to this great man, patriot, and public servant. I want to personally express my great sense of loss at the passing of this good and decent man and extend my condolences to his family: to his wife Alma, his son Michael, and his daughter Tracy. Their loss, Mr. Speaker, is our loss, our party's loss, and our Nation's loss.  I first met Ron Brown more than 30 years ago while vacationing on Martha's Vineyard. I was immediately struck by his boundless energy, charisma, sophistication, and style. Even back then, one only had to spend a little time with Ron to know that he was a rising star. And so I was never surprised as I followed Ron's career and watched this man grow and develop, first as a young lawyer, then as a leader in the National Urban League in New York and later here in Washington, as the chief counsel for the Senate Judiciary Committee and later as a partner in a prestigious Washington law firm and as the chairman of the Democratic Party.  Ron Brown was born in Washington, DC, and raised in Harlem, NY, and though he worked his way to the heights of the business and political worlds in our Nation, he never forgot where he came from. He never forgot how to speak with people. He never forgot who it was that needed help and hope and opportunity. Ron spent his life and gave his life creating opportunity for those less fortunate, for those who had not yet climbed up the economic ladder.  Ron Brown was a bridge-builder. Through his actions and his words he was working to build what Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. called the beloved community, a community at peace with itself, where people are not judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. Ron believed in creating opportunity for all Americans and he used his position as Secretary of Commerce to promote American business abroad and economic development in communities where it was desperately needed.  Robert Kennedy was fond of quoting George Bernard Shaw: ``Some men see things as they are and ask why,'' Shaw wrote, ``I dream of things that never were and ask why not.'' Ron Brown did dream of things that never were and ask why not. He dedicated his life and gave his life to promote the country that he loved and to better the lives of the people of this country.  Ron Brown will live in the annals of American history, not just as the first African-American Secretary of Commerce, but as perhaps the best, most effective, and most accomplished Secretary of Commerce in the history of our Nation.  Mr. Speaker, I, like so many others will miss Ron Brown. His energy could light up a room. His enthusiasm could inspire people to reach their greatest God-given potential. His vision and foresight returned the Presidency to his party. His counsel and guidance and wisdom will be sorely missed as we tackle the problems that face our Nation. One of what President John F. Kennedy called our best and our brightest has been taken from our midst.  Those of us who knew Ron Brown were more than lucky, we were blessed.  Again, I want to extend my condolences to the Brown family and thank you, Mrs. Clayton, for arranging for this special order.  