Mr. Speaker, this amendment is the essence of nonsense. Just look at it--read it.  But we are not here because this is a well-written, well-reasoned amendment. this amendment isn't even a good idea. We are here because it is April 15, tax day--it is time to score political points--the Constitution be dammed.  Two fundamental truths underlie our Government--majority rule, and the Constitution. This amendment is contrary to both. It is ill-conceived, ill-constructed, and ill-advised.  Our Constitution is a sacred document. It is the foundation of the greatest democracy on Earth. Since the adoption of the Bill of Rights over 200 years ago, the people have seen fit to amend it only 17 times. That is because the Constitution is not merely law--it is the foundation of our Nation. It is liberty. It is the separation of powers--checks and balances. It is the essence of democracy.  I revere the Constitution. We must not amend it lightly. Welfare reform--Government spending--tax policy--these are the province of laws. We must not clutter our Constitution with such matters. We must not cheapen the foundation of this great Nation.  It appears that many of my colleagues disagree.  In the past 16 months, the Republican leadership has brought four constitutional amendments to the floor of the House. This is nothing less than an assault on our Constitution--on our democracy. Republicans would restrict the right of voters to choose their Member of Congress. They would limit free speech. They would deny majority rule--deny democracy.  If this amendment had been part of our original Constitution, there would be no Social Security. There would be no Medicare. You see, Republicans voted against Social Security and Medicare. They did not want these programs. They do not want these programs today. Republicans want Medicare to wither on the vine. You have even heard the Senate majority leader brag about his ``no'' vote.  Democrats--the majority of Congress--the majority of America--supported Social Security. They supported Medicare and they won. Republicans lost--they could not stop the will of the people. With this amendment, they could. No majority rule. No one man--one person--one vote. So much for fundamental truths. So much for our Constitution.  Mr. Speaker, I am saddened that I, as a Member of this House, have been reduced to voting on such a terrible and unwise amendment. I am embarrassed. There have been no hearings. This amendment was born in darkness and conceived in a den of inequity. It is a vague, overly broad, political stunt. It is silly.  Our Constitution is not silly. Democracy is not silly. This amendment is not worthy of the U.S. Constitution, of majority rule, or of this body. Do not demean, do not cheapen--the Constitution of the greatest nation on Earth.  This amendment does not belong here--it certainly does not belong in the Constitution. Get this amendment out of here. Get if off of the floor, out of this House. It is a waste of paper. It is trash. It belongs in the garbage--the waste heap of political stunts.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  