  I recently talked with Members of the House, and here is what they told me: If we didn't pass the House bill, there were Members who wanted to end the whole metadata program. I do not want to end the program. I am prepared to make this compromise, which is that the metadata will be kept by the telecom companies.  Senator Chambliss and I wrote a letter to the four big telecoms, and we asked them if they would hold the data. The answer came back from two ``yes,'' and the answer that came back from the other two was inconclusive. Since that time the situation has changed--not in writing but by personal testament from officials with the two other companies that they will hold the data for at least 2 years.  Here is the problem: Although there is no mandate to hold the phone metadata, the fact is that the telecoms have agreed to hold the data for a sufficient period of time.  The President himself has assured me that he is comfortable with this bill. And I believe that if we do not pass this bill, the metadata program is at risk because the 215 program sunsets next year.  Senator Rubio sits on the intelligence committee. I listened to him with interest. I agree with what he said about ISIL and other terrorist groups. They will come after us if they can, and the only protection we have is essentially to disrupt a plot before it becomes a reality in this country.  The metadata program is not as widely used as the 288 approved queries in a given year would indicate.  Additionally, in this bill--and I think this should be of satisfaction to a number of people--the FISA Court would have to approve a query before that query takes place.  I am prepared to support this bill, and I do so for very practical reasons because without it, I believe we will not have a metadata program.  This is hard for me because I have tried to be supportive of the legislation that comes out of our committee. I have talked to Senator Leahy. I have said that the one big problem I have with his bill is that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is upset with the language on the special advocate. Senator Leahy said he would change the language on this part of the bill.  Senator Blumenthal has an amendment--which I assume will pass--which does change the language on this part of the bill to accommodate the objections of the FISA court. If that is the case and the telecoms agree to hold the data, I believe that solves what is a very practical problem.  In any event, I have agreed to support this legislation.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  