 Statistics show that there is a significant difference in the pay of men and women performing the same or substantially similar jobs, regardless of the education level or type of occupation. Looking at the average pay for women, women get paid about 77 cents for every dollar earned by similar male workers.  The experience of women in the workforce is better in California but not by much. According to the most recent census estimates, in California, the average pay for a woman working full time, year round is $41,956 per year, while the average for a man is $50,139. This means that, on average, women in California are paid less than 84 cents for every dollar paid to men. Put another way, this amounts to a yearly gap of $8,183 between full-time working men and women in the State. Over the course of a career, on average, women stand to lose $434,000 in income and thus enjoy fewer Social Security, pension, and retirement benefits.  Latina women face greater disparities in the workplace as they are paid approximately 54 cents for every dollar paid to men. Women of color fare similarly.  As a group, full-time working women in California alone lose over $37.5 billion each year due to the wage gap.  According to the National Partnership for Women and Families, if the gender-based ``pay gap'' were eliminated, a working woman in California would have enough money for approximately 59 more weeks of food, 4 more months of mortgage and utilities payments, 7 more months of rent, or 2,103 additional gallons of gas.  A Redondo Beach resident wrote to me, ``I know that at my current age, I have been paid hundreds of thousands of dollars less than my colleagues, though I am also paying my rent . . .supporting my kids, and trying to figure out how I can possibly pay for colleges for them. If I had been earning a fair wage, I could afford college, and healthcare, and would have some retirement savings, all things that I cannot currently do.''  She is absolutely right--it is estimated that it takes a woman 4\1/2\ more months of work to earn the same as her male counterpart earns in just 1 year. Yet she still must pay for the same monthly expenses as her male colleagues. In Redondo Beach, her monthly expenses can be crippling.  A single adult with two children living in Redondo Beach spends monthly around $536 in food, $767 in child care, $451 in medical care, $1,420 in housing, and $639 in transportation, not to mention taxes. Considering that over 1.7 million households in California are headed by women, over 500,000 of whom fall below the poverty level as it is, denying California women equal pay for equal work adds to their burden and affects their families.  This is not just a problem for low-income women and families. The pay gap exists across the spectrum of education levels and occupations. According to the 2012 S&P 500 CEO Pay Study, although companies run by female chief executive officers performed better on average than those run by men--looking at the total shareholder return for their companies--those female CEOs were paid an average of about $500,000 less per year than their male CEO counterparts. And the pay gap is wider for women with higher education, making it more difficult for them to pay off their school loans.  Congress tried to address the problem by passing the Equal Pay Act in 1963, which amended the Fair Labor Standards Act, making it illegal for employers to pay unequal wages to men and women who perform substantially the same work. However, as is reflected in wage data statistics and in the stories shared by women across the country, while the Equal Pay Act was a step in the right direction, more needs to be done to clarify the law.  Congress recently had to correct the courts on how to interpret pay discrimination laws in line with their original intent by passing the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009. Through Lilly Ledbetter, Congress amended title VII of the Civil Rights Act to clarify the timeframes in which employees could bring a claim against employers who engage in pay discrimination.  But according to recent studies, Congress needs to strengthen the law further in order to effectively close the pay gap between men and women across the spectrum. The disparity in pay between men and women is the same as it was in 2002. If we keep going at this rate, without congressional action, women will not reach pay equity until 2058.  The Paycheck Fairness Act therefore provides Congress with an opportunity to eliminate this unfair pay gap. It will reasonably update the Equal Pay Act by eliminating loopholes used for far too long in courtrooms; strengthening incentives to employers to prevent pay discrimination through remedies available under current law to victims of race-based and national origin discrimination; improving wage data collection so that we can better evaluate the pay gap; and by strengthening education, training, outreach, and enforcement efforts to close the pay gap.  This bill also importantly provides that employers are prohibited from retaliating against employees who share salary information with their coworkers. Nearly half of all workers in the United States are strongly discouraged or even have workplace policies against the sharing of salary information. This secrecy makes it extremely difficult for employees to detect pay discrimination and contributes to the pay gap. For example, Lilly Ledbetter was paid less than her male coworkers for almost 20 years but did not realize it because a company policy prohibited her from discussing her pay with her coworkers. She discovered the pay discrimination only when someone sent her an anonymous note.  Under the Paycheck Fairness Act, employees would therefore generally be protected from retaliation when they discuss or inquire about their wages or the wages of another employee. They would also be protected from retaliation if they make a charge, file a complaint, or participate in a government or employer-initiated investigation. These antiretaliation provisions would generally not protect employees such as payroll or HR personnel who have access to wage information as an essential function of their job. Rather, the antiretaliation provisions would enable employees to learn about their employers' wage practices without being afraid of losing their jobs. With such information, employees will be better suited to close the gender pay gap for themselves and others.  I recognize the concerns of business owners who maintain that amending the Equal Pay Act will open them up to liability and risk harming their business. I have heard concerns that employers fear that this bill will infringe on their private business practices should it become law.  After considering and reconsidering the effects of this legislation with the concerns of business owners in mind and after consulting with experts in employment and labor law, I came to the conclusion that this bill is necessary to level the playing field and does not have to necessarily affect business practices so long as those business practices do not discriminate against women.  As under the current law, employers would not be helpless or defenseless--they can proactively conduct an internal pay-equity analysis to ensure equal pay for equal work before government intervention. In fact, the bill provides for a 6-month waiting period from the time of enactment, and the Department of Labor would assist small businesses with compliance.  Should a claim arise, employers have affirmative defenses that they can raise to justify pay differences, such as if the wages are set based on a seniority system; a merit system; a system that measures earnings by quantity or quality of product; or a bona fide factor other than sex, such as education, training, or experience, which is job-related and serves a legitimate business interest.  I am not in the habit of supporting bills that advance women just because I am a woman. I am supporting this bill because I believe in advancing equal rights and uplifting millions of families who rely on a woman's paycheck in order to eat.  I am not alone in hearing stories about paycheck disparities in California. My colleagues have heard similar stories from women in their States. We also know that women are critical to driving this economy, and by ensuring equal pay for equal work, the entire economy benefits.  With the knowledge of pervasive inequality still today in pay among men and women and considering that the majority of Americans support the government taking steps to enable women to get equal pay for equal work, it is our duty to vote in favor of cloture and for swift passage of the Paycheck Fairness Act.  