  I am not aware of any opposition to this nominee and so look forward to a strong vote of confirmation by my colleagues. I am also pleased that the State Department's Bureau of Intelligence and Research, known as INR, will continue to have strong leadership by a respected senior member of the foreign service.  The INR Bureau is a small, but effective entity within the U.S. intelligence community. In fact, it only has approximately 200 analysts, but it has a very strong reputation for independent and unbiased analysis. Its intelligence professionals include those from the foreign service and the civil service, including many who have decades of experience in the topics they cover.  These analysts are prized for the intelligence value they provide to senior State Department officials, to include the Secretary and his team, ambassadors, and the men and women who work the country desks.  INR also brings the State Department's knowledge and viewpoint to discussions and debates within the intelligence community, helping to ensure that intelligence decisions are informed by diplomatic requirements and information gained by our embassies around the world.  In the past several years, INR has perhaps become best known for its dissents from some of the main points in the flawed intelligence reports that led to the war in Iraq. Unfortunately, those dissents were marginalized in key intelligence products and not provided adequate scrutiny. As a result, I can tell my colleagues that members of the intelligence committee pay special attention to dissenting voices in the intelligence community, and always to the views of INR.  The primary mission of this Bureau is to provide intelligence to policymakers at the State Department. INR is one of the three all-source analytic agencies within the intelligence community, along with the CIA and Defense Intelligence Agency.  INR also ensures that intelligence operations and sensitive intelligence-related law enforcement activities are consistent with U.S. foreign policy. The Assistant Secretary for INR is therefore the conduit between the intelligence community and the State Department to ensure that our intelligence activities and the conduct of our foreign policy are coordinated and aligned.  In sum, the Assistant Secretary for INR is both an independent leader of an intelligence community agency and the Secretary of State's point person on intelligence matters.  Ambassador Smith is well-qualified to be the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research. He has served for 30 years as a Foreign Service officer and in a variety of positions at the State Department. Most recently he was Ambassador to Greece (from 2010 to 2013).  Ambassador Smith has also served as Executive Secretary of the State Department, Principal Deputy Secretary for Consular Affairs, and in overseas posts in Bern, Istanbul, Ottawa, and Stockholm. He is a career officer in the Senior Foreign Service with the rank of Career Minister.  The Intelligence Committee approved Ambassador Smith by voice vote on January 16, with unanimous support. A month earlier, on December 17, 2013, the committee held an open hearing on his nomination. After Ambassador Smith was voted out of our committee, the Foreign Relations Committee held a hearing on his nomination on January 28.  Ambassador Smith has had a long and distinguished career at the State Department that will serve him well in this position. I urge my colleagues to support the nomination of Ambassador Daniel Bennett Smith to be Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research.  