S. district judge for the Central District of California.  I recommended Mr. Birotte to serve as U.S. attorney for this district in 2009. I have been very impressed by his performance in that role since his unanimous confirmation by the Senate in 2010. I believe he will be an outstanding district judge.  Mr. Birotte received his law degree from Pepperdine in 1991 and his bachelor's from Tufts in 1987. He then served as a deputy public defender for the Los Angeles County Public Defender's office. He later spent 4 years as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Central District of California, where he prosecuted violent crime, fraud, and narcotics cases.  In 1999, he spent a year in private practice before moving to the Los Angeles Police Commission, where he served as assistant inspector general and later as inspector general until he became U.S. attorney. As inspector general, Birotte built a strong reputation for fairness and earned the respect of all sides, including in the law enforcement community. In 2009, then-LAPD Chief Bill Bratton--who is deeply respected on both sides of the aisle in this body--wrote to me to express his ``strongest endorsement and support'' for Birotte. As Chief Bratton said: ``In the approximately six years that I have known Andre, our working relationship has been one of transparency, cooperation, trust, and respect.''  In 2009, as I said, I recommended him to the President for appointment as U.S. attorney. He earned high marks from my bipartisan advisory committee and an outpouring of support from a broad spectrum of respected individuals in the Los Angeles community. The Senate soon confirmed him unanimously and he has served in his current position with distinction ever since.  When I introduced Mr. Birotte to my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, I went through the impressive work the U.S. attorney's office has done under his leadership in a number of areas. I will not go into each of those cases today, except to note that they cover very important areas of Federal law enforcement, including: national security, gangs and organized crime, sex crimes and human trafficking, public corruption, and civil rights.  Since his nomination was approved by the Judiciary Committee by voice vote, the U.S. attorney's office has continued its impressive track record of enforcing the law. In one case, a Los Angeles doctor who ran medical clinics pleaded guilty to illegally prescribing addictive painkillers and laundering the cash payments, which amounted to hundreds of thousands of dollars.  Last month, the owner and employees of a Los Angeles-area immigration consulting firm were arrested after being indicted for filing fraudulent green card applications. The office's press release states that the defendants quoted fees for their services, but then more than tripled those fees and ``allegedly threatened to contact authorities and have the aliens deported'' after ``several of the foreign nationals sought refunds.''  Just 2 weeks ago, Mr. Birotte's office announced that two men from Long Beach, CA pleaded guilty to ``conspiracy charges arising from a sex trafficking scheme that exploited adult women for prostitution.'' Bill Lewis, assistant director in charge of the FBI Los Angeles field office, stated: ``In this case, the defendants defrauded victims and forced them to work as sex slaves under threat to themselves and their families.'' The office's press release states that both men now face up to life imprisonment.  Let me conclude by saying that throughout his career Andre Birotte has built a reputation for fairness and for a profound commitment to the rule of law. He has earned the deep respect of people on all sides of difficult issues. In fact, Birotte is supported not only by State and Federal law enforcement, but also by the Central District's Federal Public Defender, Sean Kennedy. Kennedy told my selection committee that Birotte has ``incredible judgment'' and would make a ``wonderful federal judge.'' It says something very special about the chief Federal prosecutor for the second-largest district in the Nation when the chief Federal Public Defender for the district has such high praise.  This is a nominee I am proud to have recommended, and that the Senate should be proud to confirm.  