 We worked together for the past 8 years on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. For 4 years we have worked as chair and cochair. We have exchanged views, we have negotiated bills, and we have shared information. We have been there through very tough times and some very pleasant times. It is very hard for me to see you go.  I have learned to trust you. I respect you. We have worked together. The committee put together a Benghazi report. We worked very hard. We found areas of agreement.  Senator Collins of the committee is here, and Senator Warner is here. Am I missing anyone else from the committee? There is Senator Burr, who will be the new chairman, and Senator Coats, Senator Coburn. We were able to come together and put together a report unanimously, and it was really because of your leadership.  As I watched, what became very apparent is that maybe your side isn't as fractious as my side is. You were able to say yes, we can do this or no, we can't do that, and you reflected your Members. That made it very easy for me, and I am very grateful.  Yesterday we disagreed. You have never taken a cheap shot. We worked together at the same time to move our intelligence authorization bill. There was one last glitch which you worked out, and that bill passed unanimously last night.  Together we have worked to put together an information-sharing bill for what is probably our No. 1 defensive issue, which is cyber and the attacks that have taken 97 percent of our businesses into difficulties.  You have compromised, and I have compromised. Unfortunately, on our side, we have some unsolved issues. So, hopefully, I will be able to pick up with Senator Burr where we left off, and we will be able to get that job done next year.  What I want you to know--and I said this to you in another way--that it was such a wonderful experience for me to work with you. This is the hard part. We are only here for an instant in eternity, and the only thing that matters is what we do with that instant.  What I want you to know is you have really done yeoman's work in that instant, and I am very grateful to have the pleasure of working with you. I have learned from you, and I wish you all good things.  Thank you very much, Senator Chambliss.  