 President, I rise today to state my strong support for the legislation on the floor that addresses the current healthcare crisis facing our nation's veterans. This bill, the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014, is the product of excellent bipartisan work done by Senator Sanders and Senator McCain. I want to thank both of my colleagues for their efforts on drafting this legislation and finding a path to bring it to the Senate floor today. I believe their legislation will give our veterans access to the healthcare they deserve and that it will invest in the Department of Veterans Affairs' health care system.  While Senator Sanders' and McCain's legislation contains many good measures that will improve the healthcare our veterans receive at the Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, I would like to highlight three provisions in the bill that I believe are especially important for Congress to pass.  First, I am strongly supportive that the legislation contains a provision to allow the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs to immediately terminate senior executives for poor performance. It is my opinion that the current scandal was largely a result of ineffective and disgraceful mismanagement. As a first step, the Department must be able to terminate any managers who directed or pressured staff to falsify or cover up wait times for veterans seeking health care. It is time for a new culture of management in the VA, and I look forward to providing this authority to the Department.  Second, I am grateful the legislation provides the authority for the VA to quickly hire new clinical staff, such as physicians and nurses, when there is a shortage of medical providers within the VA. The legislation allows the VA to use any unobligated funds at the end of each fiscal year to do such hiring. The audit released by the Department of Veterans Affairs this week clearly indicated that many medical facilities had a shortage of clinical providers. The legislation on the floor also authorizes the VA to enter into medical leases the Department has requested in previous years, but that Congress has not funded. These include four community outpatient clinics in California, which are in San Diego, Chico, Chula Vista, and Redding. Thus, I am confident the authority to hire new clinical staff and the authority to enter into much needed medical leases are critical measures that Congress must pass if we expect the VA to meet the growing demand of medical care our Nation's veterans need and deserve.  I am also glad the legislation the Senate is considering contains measures to beef up how VA hospitals areevaluated for the quality of health care they provide, and that this information will be made public for veterans. The legislation contains a provision that would require the Department of Health and Human Services to complete evaluations of VA hospitals and to post this information publically. It also requires the Government Accountability Office to look at the metrics the VA is using to evaluate patient care and hospital quality. Finally, the bill will require the VA to publish its appointment wait times, which will increase the transparency of how quickly our veterans can access health care. Thus, I want to thank both Senator Sanders and Senator McCain for including such important provisions that will improve accountability, transparency, and health care quality at the VA.  Recently, the Department of Veterans Affairs released the results of its nation-wide Access Audit detailing the breadth of its struggle to responsibly manage waiting lists for care at its medical facilities across the country. The allegations of false record-keeping and other inappropriate scheduling practices were further substantiated. The audit made it clear that many staff members--13 percent interviewed nationally--were instructed to use inappropriate scheduling actions by their supervisors. The audit also revealed that at least one scheduler at 76 percent of all VA facilities indicated they received direction to enter inaccurate or misleading appointment data. The result is that some veterans were forced to wait an egregious amount of time for medical appointments, and surely many of these veterans suffered negative health effects as a result of these delays.  After the press reports of secret wait lists at the Phoenix VA Medical Center, I wrote a letter to the VA's acting inspector general urging him to expand the scope of his investigation in order to determine if similar problems were occurring elsewhere. On May 28, 2014, the VA's Office of the Inspector General released an interim report of the ongoing review at the Phoenix VA Health Care System. This independent review verified that deliberate action was taking to falsify wait times and to keep some veterans--1,700 in Phoenix--off official wait lists. In response to this report, on June 2, I wrote to Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson requesting an immediate review of medical appointment wait times at all California VA medical facilities, and that the VA take action to expedite appointments for veterans in my State waiting an excessive amount of time to receive health care.  California is home to 8 major Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, health care systems which include 66 medical centers and outpatient clinics. According to the latest data from the U.S. Census Bureau, of the nearly 22 million veterans in the United States, nine percent, or roughly 2 million, live in California; a figure greater than that of any other State. California's large population of veterans, many of which are concentrated in southern California, creates a substantial demand for medical care at California's VA Medical Centers.  The VA's Access Audit, released this week, validated the national extent of lengthy wait times and potential falsification of appointment records. It also makes it clear that California is not exempt from the recent VA scandal. The data collected shows that over 20,000 veterans in California are having to wait more than 30 days for a medical appointment. Nearly 3,000 are waiting more than 90 days for their appointment. Furthermore, nearly 7,000 California veterans are on electronic wait lists who have not been able to schedule any appointment. This lack of urgency to provide care to our Nation's veterans is not only appalling, it is also irresponsible.  In addition, I am deeply troubled that the recent audit identified that five VA health care facilities in my State had some evidence of falsifying or hiding wait times. They are the Livermore Medical Center, the Yuba City Outpatient Clinic, the Sepulveda Ambulatory Care Center, the Escondido Outpatient Clinic, and the Imperial Valley Outpatient Clinic. The VA recommended the Office of the Inspector General conduct investigations at these facilities in order to determine if any fraudulent or criminal activity occurred, and I eagerly await the results of these investigations.  It is clear to me that excessive wait times for medical appointments negatively impacts the health of our veterans. So, fixing the VA is not only about fixing the systemic management problems that led to a cover-up of appointment wait times at certain VA facilities across the Nation. The fix also must be about improving the VA's ability to provide high caliber health care to all of our Nation's veterans.  The VA must radically alter how it manages health care. It is my opinion that the VA's performance should be tied to the health outcomes of our veterans. The VA has played number games with appointment wait times in order to evaluate their performance for too long, and that must end today. I hope the new leadership at the Department will work to develop better measures of performance that are based on how well our veterans do in terms of health and wellbeing as a result of the care they receive at the VA.  For example, the VA should strive to reduce preventable drug resistant infections acquired in medical facilities. Deadly drug resistant infections are linked to poor infection control and the overuse of antibiotics in hospitals. These infections, like Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus, MRSA, and Clostridium difficile are deadly, difficult to treat, and largely preventable. VA hospitals that provide high quality medical care, that use antibiotics prudently, and that practice good hygiene will have lower rates of these infections, faster recovery times for hospitalized patients, and reduced health care costs. VA hospitals that have clear data that they use antibiotics appropriately, have fewer deadly hospital acquired infections, and have veterans who can be discharged faster should be noticed for their performance. I truly believe that a greater focus on health care quality and outcomes is critical for improving the VA's health care system.  The delays in access to health care and the culture of cover-ups that emerged within the Department of Veterans Affairs are absolutely unacceptable. Our Nation's veterans served and sacrificed for our country, and they deserve better. I truly believe the legislation introduced by Senators Sanders and McCain is the solution our veterans need and deserve. This is not a partisan issue, this is an issue of doing what is right by those who defended our freedom.  Thus, I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill.  