 President, I thank my colleague, and I wish to congratulate her on her leadership on this issue. We clearly have had a very extensive debate in our caucus on this. There are varying views, and I have thought a lot about it. I have had 120,000 California constituents write and call, of which about 93 percent are strongly opposed. I would say to the chairman of the committee that one of the things that interested me from reading these constituent letters was really how informed individuals were about this pipeline.  Let me lay out some of the environmental concerns. You have heard this, but perhaps you haven't heard it in entirely this way. The Keystone Pipeline was proposed to accommodate increased extraction of oil from the tar sands of Alberta. These tar sands cover an area of 54,000 square miles. That is roughly the size of New York, so it is huge.  I first came upon this by reading a March 2009 issue of National Geographic, and in that they showed part of the desecration to the land--forests down, tar sands. It looked like a Moon face. A huge portion of these deposits can only be accessed through open-pit surface mining, which destroys natural forests and bogs. Then the oil sands are mixed with heated water, chemicals are added, and it is driven up with steam in order to separate it from the sand. These methods are costly, they are energy-intensive, they are carbon-intensive, and they leave behind a significant amount of toxic waste. And that is just the extraction process.  Transportation of the oil poses additional risks to the environment--namely, the risk of pipeline spills. The first Keystone Pipeline, which is already operating in our country, had to be shut down several times for safety concerns. It leaked 14 times during its first year of operation. Across the border in Canada, the same pipeline spilled 21 times in its first year of operation. These pipeline spills are dangerous and difficult to clean up. The danger from spills is even greater since the new leg of the pipeline would run over Nebraska's Ogallala Aquifer, which is a critical source of drinking water for millions and an irrigation source for farmers.  Beyond degrading our environment, this project also runs against our efforts--as has been said many times on this floor--to combat climate change. According to the National Energy Technology Laboratory, by the time oil from Keystone makes it to a car in the form of gasoline, it has already produced 80 percent--80 percent--more greenhouse gas emissions than typical crude oil.  Here is how the math works out. Producing, refining, and combusting oil from Keystone will release up to 27 million metric tons more carbon dioxide every year than would be produced from burning the same volume of crude oil. Those additional emissions are equivalent to the emissions of 5.7 million cars on the road or 8 coal-fired powerplants. I think that is pretty impressive as to the totally negative impact of this. So this would be a poor way to begin meeting the President's pledge in Beijing to dramatically reduce our emissions, if the first time we do something it creates 27 million metric tons more carbon dioxide every year and is equivalent to the emissions of 5.7 million cars.  On the economics of the pipeline, there is simply not enough benefit to outweigh the environmental damage. The project is not going to lower gasoline prices for American drivers. The oil is intended to be sold on the global market, not for the benefit of American motorists. The State Department has concluded that the pipeline would have little impact on the prices U.S. consumers pay.  So I believe this project has terrible environmental hazards and risks, it is not necessary, and it certainly is not helpful to our environment.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  