 President, I come to the floor today to express support for the continuing resolution which funds the government through December 11.  One provision in the bill I would like to focus on relates to our fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL.  I believe there is an urgent need to confront this terrorist group, and Congress can help this effort by supporting President Obama's plan and voting for the continuing resolution.  The CR includes a provision to provide the Defense Department with the authority for the U.S. Armed Forces to train and equip an opposition force capable of confronting ISIL.  I believe we must come together in large numbers--Democrats and Republicans--to pass this provision as quickly as possible. A strong bipartisan majority would give the Obama administration and the American people a strong sense of unity and purpose as we all grapple with the threat of ISIL. We must give the President the tools he needs to succeed. Providing the Defense Department with this authority is just one part of the comprehensive strategy, but it is an important one.  The President has said he has the legal authority to conduct airstrikes in Iraq and Syria and has laid out his strategy. After the election there will be ample time to debate the strategy further and potentially vote on a new authorization of military force, but in the short-term we must pass this authorization--at this time the only authority the administration has asked Congress to approve. If ever there were a time to unite behind President Obama, that time is now.  ISIL is like no other terrorist organization we have seen. It has become a ruthless terrorist army that occupies territory and controls civilian populations through fear, intimidation, and brutality.  It controls large swaths of land in two nations. In Syria it controls nearly one-third of the country, and in Iraq it effectively controls as many as 14 cities.  According to a recent CIA estimate, ISIL may have as many as 30,000 fighters--and separately there may be up to 25,000 Sunni tribesmen who have associated themselves with ISIL forces.  ISIL has looted heavy weaponry--including artillery, tanks and armored vehicles--from the battlefield. Much of that equipment is now being used against innocent civilians and our partners on the ground. ISIL has killed tens of thousands of people. They kill with abandon, including the brutal massacre of hundreds of Iraqi and Syrian soldiers, stripped, bound and buried in shallow graves. ISIL is also well-funded through criminality, ransom payments, extortion and the sale of oil. Its control of territory and resources is topped only by its level of brutality.  Over the past few weeks, I have personally reviewed photos, videos and personal stories of ISIL's countless victims. I have seen the beheading of American and British hostages and pictures of the crucifixion of many innocent civilians, including a girl as young as 6 years of age. I have seen photos of heads staked on fence posts and films of the mass-execution of Iraqi and Syrian army units. In one gory report, after ISIL took control of two oilfields in eastern Syria from the al-Sheitaat tribe, they summarily executed 700 tribesmen. I have read stories of women bound to trees and forced to be sexual prizes for ISIL fighters who performed well in battle. There are reports that thousands of Yazidi women have been taken as slaves and I have read the testimonials of the few who were lucky enough to escape. They describe being confined, eating only once a day, being given away as wives, raped and abused at the hands of ISIL fighters. I have seen devastating footage of Yazidis and Christians literally running for their lives from approaching ISIL forces, faced with the choice of converting to Islam or death. When one Yazidi girl was surrounded by ISIL fighters, she said, ``I've never felt so helpless in my 14 years. They had blocked our path to safety, and there was nothing we could do.''  The lack of humanity is shocking and despicable. It is pure evil and it should haunt the world. And while ISIL is now limited to Syria and Iraq, it has made clear its intentions are to bring the fight to the United States and our allies.  In Iraq, a major concern of mine is that their next attack will be our Embassy in Baghdad. I have no doubt that ISIL leaders also intend to hit us here in our homeland.  In July 2012, ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi said: ``The mujahidin have also sworn they will make you suffer more pain than that caused by Usama [bin Laden]. You will see them in your own country, God willing.''  In January of this year, during his radio address, Baghdadi added: ``Our last message is to the Americans. Soon we'll be in direct confrontation, and the sons of Islam have prepared for such a day. So watch out for us, for we are with you, watching.''  Finally, in a video posted on August 19, 2014, the executioner of James Foley stated: ``So any attempt by you, Obama, to deny the Muslims their rights of living in safety under the Islamic Caliphate will result in the bloodshed of your people.''  We have no specific information that ISIL is planning an attack against the United States, but we also had no clear understanding of al-Qaeda's specific plotting in the days before 9/11 an attack that would claim nearly 3,000 American lives.  ISIL's territorial control, resources, brutality and intention to broaden their attacks make it clear that we must act. I support the President's actions to confront and ultimately destroy ISIL.  As he has said, we will expand airstrikes against ISIL targets, including in Syria; maintain a united international coalition--with Arab countries--that will contribute to the fight in meaningful ways; encourage continued political reconciliation in Baghdad to diminish ISIL's support from Sunni tribes; halt the flow of foreign fighters and resources to ISIL; and provide weapons to the Kurdish peshmerga, Iraqi security forces and moderate forces inside Syria.  Action is currently underway in many of those areas. Air strikes have helped defend key infrastructure such as the Mosul Dam and protected civilians in Amirli and Mt. Sinjar. More recently, the President has expanded the air campaign by going on the offensive and attacking ISIL on the outskirts of Baghdad.  Secretaries Kerry and Hagel have been building a coalition with international partners, including much of Europe and at least 10 Arab nations. New Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is in the process of finalizing the Cabinet and has made sincere efforts to bridge the sectarian divide. These are all steps in the right direction. Today, the necessary action before us is to pass this CR, which provides limited authority to train and equip a military force to fight ISIL on the ground. The President has ruled out putting U.S. ground forces in combat roles for now, so we must have partners that can take the fight to ISIL. Without such a force, ISIL will continue to enjoy a safe haven in eastern Syria and once ISIL is pushed out of territory, the Assad regime or other extremists could fill the vacuum.  Bolstering this fighting force is critical to our goal of degrading and destroying ISIL. While it is just one part of the President's plan, it will work in conjunction with our ongoing diplomatic, intelligence, military and economic efforts.  The continuing resolution includes the authority the Defense Department needs to begin training such a force. The provision also requires the administration to produce a plan to explain how arming the moderate opposition fits within the President's larger regional strategy to defeat ISIL. It also requires regular reports to Congress to keep us informed of the training activities.  We already know Saudi Arabia is prepared to host a training program, and I suspect other Arab states will help fund it. But without this authority in this CR, U.S. troops and trainers will not be able to participate in this essential program.  Regardless of whether we waited too long to confront ISIL, we now have a strategy that we need to support to turn the tide. U.S. airstrikes in Iraq have protected our people and prevented a humanitarian catastrophe. As we now take the fight directly to ISIL, Congress needs to give the President the tools he needs to ramp up the battle.  This is a matter of national security and I hope members of both parties will come together to support the President's request.  