 I am pleased that the conference report does retain bipartisan language that I worked on to protect the public's right to know under the Freedom of Information Act. The Freedom of Information Act is one of our Nation's premier open government laws. The language included is intended to allow the Government to protect sensitive aviation information while still ensuring that the American public has access to aviation-related health and safety information.  I am very disappointed that the conference report does not contain the amendment that Senator Inhofe and I worked hard to pass when the bill was considered and passed by the Senate. Following passage of our amendment in the Senate, which contained important improvements to the Public Safety Officers Benefits Act--PSOB--and the Volunteer Protection Act, I worked with House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith to revise the Senate language into a bipartisan set of PSOB reforms.  Among these reforms, and the basis of my Senate amendment, was the Dale Long Emergency Medical Service Providers Protection Act. This measure was prompted by the tragic death of Dale Long, a decorated emergency medical technician from Bennington, VT, who spent his career helping his fellow Vermonters. Following Mr. Long's death, I became aware of a gap in PSOB coverage for emergency medical responders, and this amendment was designed to close that gap so that Mr. Long, and others who serve as medical responders for private, non-profit ambulance services, have the protection of the PSOB program.  In addition to the Dale Long measure, the agreement that Chairman Smith and I drafted included provisions to improve the administration and efficiency of the PSOB program. These reforms would have made the claims process faster, easier, and fairer for those disabled in the line of duty, and for the surviving family members of those who lose their lives during service. I regret very much that the Conference Committee decided to remove these improvements from the final version of the bill.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I note the absence of a quorum.  