President, I am soon going to offer an amendment to the substitute. I am going to offer it on behalf of myself and Senator Cornyn.  I hear Senators saying that with the public's opinion of Congress at a low point, we need to take action to restore public confidence. I think our amendment does that by closing loopholes in the laws that have allowed corruption to escape accountability.  I believe we have to provide investigators and prosecutors the tools they need to hold officials at all levels of government accountable when they act corruptly.  This amendment, which reflects a bipartisan, bicameral agreement, will strengthen and clarify key aspects of Federal criminal law and help investigators and prosecutors attack public corruption nationwide.  I should note, the Senate Judiciary Committee has reported this bill with bipartisan support in three successive Congresses, and I would note that the House Judiciary Committee, under a Republican chairman, recently reported a companion bill and did so unanimously. Every Republican and every Democrat voted for it. So I believe it is time for Congress to pass serious anticorruption legislation. We have demonstrated that this is something that could bring both Republicans and Democrats together, and we ought to pass it.  Public corruption erodes the trust the American people have in those who are given the privilege--and it is a privilege--of public service. Too often, loopholes in existing laws have meant corrupt conduct can go unchecked. The stain of corruption has spread to all levels of government, and that victimizes every American by chipping away at the foundation of our democracy. The amendment, I believe, will help to restore confidence in government by rooting out criminal corruption. It includes a fix to reverse a major step backward in the fight against crime and corruption.  In Skilling v. United States, the Supreme Court sided with a former executive from Enron and greatly narrowed the honest services fraud statute, a law that has actually been used for decades in both Republican and Democratic administrations as a crucial weapon to combat public corruption and self-dealing. Unfortunately, whether intended, the Court's decision leaves corrupt conduct unchecked. Most notably, the Court's decision would leave open the opportunity for State and Federal public officials to secretly act in their own financial self-interest rather than in the interest of the public.  The amendment Senator Cornyn and I have put together would close this gaping hole in our anticorruption laws. It includes several other provisions designed to tighten existing law. It fixes the gratuities statute to make clear that while the vast majority of public officials are honest, those who are not cannot be bought. It reaffirms that public officials may not accept anything worth more than $1,000, other than what is permitted by existing rules and regulations, given to them because of their official positions. It also appropriately clarifies the definition of what it means for a public official to perform an official act under the bribery statute. It will increase sentences for serious corruption offenses. It will provide investigators and prosecutors more time to pursue these challenging and complex cases. It amends several key statutes to clarify their application in corruption cases to prevent corrupt public officials and their accomplices from evading prosecution based on legal ambiguities.  If we are serious about addressing the kinds of egregious misconduct we have seen in some of these high-profile corruption cases, then let's enact meaningful legislation. Let's give investigators and prosecutors the tools they need to enforce our laws. It is one thing to have a law on the books; it is another to have the tools to enforce it. So I hope this bipartisan amendment will be adopted.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  