President, the Leahy-Cornyn amendment is drawn from our Public Corruption Prosecution Improvements Act. Our bill has been supported by the United States Department of Justice in a March 2009 letter, and this amendment is supported by the National Taxpayers Union, the FBI Agents Association, the National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys, the nonpartisan Campaign Legal Center, the League of Women Voters, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, Common Cause, and Democracy 21. I am working with Senator Cornyn, the lead Republican cosponsor of our bill and this amendment. We thank Senators Casey and Kirk for cosponsoring this amendment.  This amendment will provide investigators and prosecutors with the tools they need to hold officials at all levels of government accountable when they act corruptly by closing legal loopholes. This amendment, which reflects a bipartisan, bicameral agreement, will strengthen and clarify key aspects of Federal criminal law and help investigators and prosecutors attack public corruption nationwide. The Senate Judiciary Committee has now reported this bill with bipartisan support in three successive Congresses. The House Judiciary Committee recently reported a companion bill unanimously. It is time for Congress to act to pass serious anti-corruption legislation.  Importantly, the amendment includes a fix to reverse a major step backward in the fight against fraud and corruption. In Skilling v. United States, the Supreme Court sided with a former executive from Enron and greatly narrowed the honest services fraud statute, a law that has been used for decades as a crucial weapon to combat public corruption and self-dealing. The Court's decision leaves corrupt conduct unchecked. Most notably, the Court's decision would leave open the opportunity for state and Federal public officials to secretly act in their own financial self-interest, rather than in the interest of the public. This amendment closes this gaping hole in our anti-corruption laws.  The amendment includes several other provisions designed to tighten existing law. It fixes the gratuities statute to make clear that public officials must not be bought. It reaffirms that public officials may not accept anything worth more than $1,000, other than what is permitted by existing rules and regulations, given to them because of their official position. It strengthens key sentences and gives prosecutors and investigators time to make complex and difficult cases.  As a former State prosecutor, I am sensitive to the dangers of creating too many Federal crimes. In the area of public corruption, however, sometimes it is only the Federal government that can effectively pursue complex corruption matters. Conflicts and relationships can make it difficult for State and local law enforcement, and these matters can require extensive resources that cannot be diverted from hard-pressed local budgets. This Federal law stands as a backstop to help ensure against public corruption.  I also know how important it is that our criminal laws be fair and precise, giving sufficient notice to those who may break the law. It is in that spirit that Senator Cornyn and I, working with Congressmen Sensenbrenner and Quigley, have refined this legislation. We have made it careful and precise and built in important safeguards. This amendment will only target corrupt conduct.  Right now, a mayor who takes a $1,000 payment to award a contract to a specific company can be prosecuted for corruption, but a mayor who conceals his interest in a company, awards a contract, and secretly makes $1 million out of the deal likely cannot be prosecuted. A contracting officer who accepts thousands of dollars in gifts from a frequent bidder hoping for favorable treatment on some unspecified future contract likely cannot be prosecuted. The Department of Justice has been dismissing counts and cases because of these gaps in the law. It is time to fix them.  If we are serious about addressing the kinds of egregious misconduct that we have witnessed in recent years in high-profile public corruption cases, Congress should enact meaningful legislation to give investigators and prosecutors the tools they need to enforce our laws. Public corruption erodes the faith the American people have in those who are given the privilege of public service. This amendment will help us to take real steps to restore confidence in government by rooting out criminal corruption.  