President, I would like to take a moment to honor Senator Barbara Mikulski for recently becoming the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress. However, in doing so, I am reminded that this milestone does not define her legacy. Rather, her legacy as a coalition builder and a tenacious advocate of the marginalized defines Senator Mikulski's tenure as a public servant for the people of Maryland.  Throughout her career, Senator Mikulski pioneered the role women play in today's Congress. When she joined the Senate in 1987, Senator Mikulski became one of two female Senators and the first Democratic woman ever to join the upper chamber. These achievements were not due to a famous husband or father; Senator Mikulski was elected because of her integrity and her fiery and compassionate character. Her personal and professional experiences over the past 35 years make Senator Mikulski an excellent mentor for first-term female members, leading to the appropriate title: ``Dean of Women.'' I was recently reminded of ``the Dean's'' ability to rally the support of female colleagues as Senator Mikulski and seven of 17 female senators lent their support for the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act on the floor of the Senate. Her efforts are emblematic of a unique ability to orchestrate voices in defense of the voiceless.  Just as the Violence Against Women Act provides support to both male and female victims of domestic abuse, Senator Mikulski's legacy as a champion of the exploited transcends the concept of gender. From her roots as a social worker and community organizer, Senator Mikulski has constantly stood for social justice. She was a driving force in the landmark Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, which furthered protections for women and others faced with discrimination in the workplace. Equal pay for equal work is a principle that Senator Mikulski will continue to defend. From the young lady who delivered groceries to seniors, to a passionate defender of the ethnic American, Senator Mikulski continues to stand in solidarity with those forced to live in the margins.  I have been proud to serve in the Senate with Senator Mikulski for over two decades, and I have enjoyed working with her on many issues, in addition to our time serving together on the Subcommittee on the Department of State and Foreign Operations for many years. Perhaps most memorable is a CODEL we took to sub-Saharan Africa in 1990.  While my colleagues and I applaud Senator Mikulski on the longevity of her career, we more importantly take this moment to celebrate the leadership and achievements that characterize her 35 years of service. How long she has served bears witness to how well she has represented the people of Maryland.  