President, I, again, filed a carefully drafted version of the bipartisan Public Corruption Prosecution Improvements Act as an amendment to the STOCK Act. Despite near unanimous approval for this amendment just a few short weeks ago, there was an objection by the House Republican leadership to the anti-corruption measure and Senate Republicans objected to going to conference to restore this important anti-corruption provision which had been stripped out of the bill. I am deeply disappointed that the Senate is taking up the House version of the bill that stripped out our bipartisan anti-corruption measure without consideration or a vote.  My amendment reflects a bipartisan, bicameral agreement and would strengthen and clarify key aspects of Federal criminal law to help investigators and prosecutors attack public corruption Nationwide. The House stripped this amendment from the STOCK Act after a flurry of misinformation about what the amendment actually does. Senator Cornyn and I took concerns very seriously and addressed them effectively when we drafted the amendment. The amendment I seek to offer includes a further belt-and-suspenders modification to address any legitimate concern. It is carefully and narrowly drawn and will only reach clearly corrupt conduct.  The Senate Judiciary Committee has now reported the Public Corruption Prosecution Improvements Act with bipartisan support in three successive Congresses and it has passed the Senate by voice vote. The House Judiciary Committee reported a companion bill unanimously. It is past time for Congress to act to pass serious anticorruption legislation. That is what the Public Corruption Prosecution Improvements Act amendment would be.  Public corruption erodes the trust the American people have in those who are given the privilege of public service. Loopholes in existing laws have meant that corrupt conduct goes unchecked. The stain of corruption has spread to all levels of government and victimizes every American by chipping away at the foundations of our democracy. My amendment would help us to take real steps to restore confidence in government by rooting out criminal corruption.  In Skilling v. United States, the Supreme Court sided with a former executive from Enron and greatly narrowed the honest services fraud statute, a law that had been appropriately used for decades as a crucial weapon to combat public corruption and self-dealing. The Court's decision leaves open the opportunity for State and Federal public officials to secretly act in their own financial self-interest, rather than in the interest of the public. This amendment, in a precise manner without ambiguity, closes this gaping hole in our anticorruption laws.  If we are serious about addressing the kinds of egregious misconduct we have seen too often in recent years, Congress should enact meaningful legislation to give law enforcement the tools necessary to enforce our anticorruption law. The STOCK Act is much less meaningful without this important, substantive reform. I am deeply disappointed that the Senate apparently will not take the opportunity to support taking these modest steps to bring those who undermine the public trust to justice.  