As the distinguished Presiding Officer knows, it was 3\1/2\ months ago that we voted Mr. Watford out of committee. We had not been able to get an agreement to debate or vote on this nomination since it was approved. So for the 27th time, the majority leader was forced to file cloture to get an up-or-down vote on one of President Obama's judicial nominations.  Thankfully enough, Senate Republicans came forward to say they are not going to delay a vote or to continue a filibuster. We ought to just have an up-or-down vote, which we always used to do. Hopefully, we will not vote to promote a filibuster, but vote up or down, and I thank those Republicans who came forward and said enough of the cloture votes, let's vote.  This nominee, Paul Watford, is highly qualified. In fact, he has the highest qualifications for the Ninth Circuit. He shouldn't be filibustered. He should not require a cloture vote. He is a nominee with impeccable credentials and qualifications. He served as a Federal prosecutor and is now a highly regarded appellate litigator in private practice. He served as a law clerk at the United States Supreme Court and at the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary gave Paul Watford the highest possible rating they could give and they gave it to him unanimously. He also has the strong support of his home State Senators, Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer. He has widespread support across the spectrum, including known conservatives such as two former Presidents of the Los Angeles chapter of the Federalist Society, as well as Judge Alex Kozinski, a conservative Reagan appointee who is now Chief Judge of the Ninth Circuit. By any traditional measure, Paul Watford is the kind of judicial nominee who should be confirmed easily by an overwhelming vote--a vote of both Republicans and Democrats.  I had hoped after the agreement between the Democratic and Republican Senate leadership to begin finally considering the backlog of judicial nominations from last year that the Senate was at last returning to regular order. The refusal of Senate Republicans to consent to a debate and vote on this nomination for more than 3\1/2\ months, however, again required the Majority Leader to file cloture to end another Republican filibuster.  Senate Republicans continue to apply what they have admitted is a ``new standard'' to President Obama's judicial nominees. From the beginning of the Obama administration, Senate Republicans abandoned the standards and arguments they used to say should apply to judicial nominations. During the administration of the last President, a Republican, they insisted that filibusters of judicial nominees were unconstitutional. They threatened the ``nuclear option'' in 2005 to guarantee up-or-down votes for each of President Bush's judicial nominations. Many Republican Senators declared that they would never support the filibuster of a judicial nomination.  Senate Republicans reversed course and filibustered President Obama's very first judicial nomination, that of Judge David Hamilton of Indiana. They tried to prevent an up-or-down vote on that nomination even though he was nominated by President Obama after consultation with the most senior and longest-serving Republican in the Senate, Senator Dick Lugar of Indiana, who strongly supported the nomination. Fortunately, the Senate rejected that unjustified filibuster and Judge Hamilton was confirmed with Senator Lugar's support.  Senate Republicans previously engaged in misguided filibusters last year of Goodwin Liu's nomination to the Ninth Circuit and Caitlin Halligan's nomination to the D.C. Circuit. Each of those nominees is the kind of brilliant lawyer we should encourage to join the Federal bench. There were certainly no ``extraordinary circumstances'' for filibustering their nominations. Senate Republicans filibustered them anyway, setting a new and unfortunate standard for the Senate. Those filibusters demonstrated that any nominee can be filibustered based on concocted controversies and baseless claims. That was unfortunate and unwise. Senate Republicans have already succeeded in preventing confirmation votes on five of President Obama's judicial nominees who were blocked from a Senate vote after being voted out of the Senate Judiciary Committee.  Paul Watford is the kind of person we want in our Federal judiciary. This is the kind of person when we talk about the Federal courts, we can say here is a judge we can look up to and who can inspire others who seek to be judges. He is not a nominee against whom a partisan filibuster would be justifiable, and I thank some of those Republican Senators who called me this weekend who said they would oppose a Republican filibuster. I thank them for that, because what they are doing is what is best for the Senate. By allowing a vote, they are doing the best for the Ninth Circuit but, even more importantly, they are doing what is best for the independence of our Federal judiciary. Because if one is going to vote to try to block somebody as qualified as Paul Watford, one is basically saying they don't care who the nominee is, they are going to block it, and that is not the message we should send if we are going to have an independent Federal judiciary in this country.  He has a mainstream record. He demonstrates legal excellence and experience at the top of his profession. He clerked at the United States Supreme Court for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and on the Ninth Circuit for now-Chief Judge Alex Kozinski, a conservative appointee of President Ronald Reagan. Over his 17-year legal career, Paul Watford has worked on briefs in nearly 20 cases before the United States Supreme Court, and has argued numerous cases before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as well as the California appellate courts. As a Federal prosecutor in the 1990s, Mr. Watford handled prosecutions involving immigration and drug offenses, firearms trafficking, and major frauds.  So he should be on the Ninth Circuit, and I am delighted, as I make a preliminary nose count, that he will be confirmed as a judge of the Ninth Circuit. When confirmed, he will be only the second African-American judge serving on the Ninth Circuit, joining Judge Johnnie Rawlinson of Nevada on the bench. And I will not be surprised when he is confirmed, because of his work as a tough but very fair prosecutor. It is no surprise that he had support from conservatives as well as liberals. The shock I had was that for a while, his nomination was being held up and we couldn't get a vote.  Two former presidents of the Los Angeles Chapter of the Federalist Society wrote to the Judiciary Committee in support of Mr. Watford. Jeremy Rosen wrote:       Everyone who knows Paul (whether they are conservative or      liberal, or somewhere in between) recognizes that he      possesses the qualities that are most needed in an appellate      judge. While I find myself in somewhat frequent disagreement      with the President on many issues (and an active supporter of      one of his opponents), his nomination of Paul to the Ninth      Circuit is a home-run and should receive bi-partisan support.  Henry Weissman, another former Federal Society chapter President, wrote that he has ``never seen any hint of politics in Mr. Watford's lawyering'', and that he has ``every confidence that, as a judge, Mr. Watford would apply the law faithfully, objectively, and even-handedly.''  Conservative law professor Eugene Volokh of UCLA Law and creator of the conservative Volokh Conspiracy blog, expressed his strong support for Mr. Watford to the Committee, writing:       He has all the qualities that an appellate judge ought to      have: intellectual brilliance, thoughtfulness, fairness,      collegiality, an ability to deal civilly and productively      with colleagues of all ideological stripes, and a deep      capacity for hard work. . . . Paul is the sort of moderate      Democratic nominee that moderates and conservatives, as well      as liberals, should solidly support.  Conservative law professor Orin Kerr of George Washington University Law, a former special counsel to Senator Cornyn, called him ``extremely bright, a moderate, and very much a lawyer's lawyer,'' and concluded an online post saying, ``I hope he will be confirmed.''  In their letter of support, 32 of the clerks who served with him at the Supreme Court from the chamber of all the other Justices concluded: ``We are unanimous in our view that Paul possesses all the qualities of the most highly regarded jurists: powerful analytical abilities, a readiness to listen to and consider fairly all points of view, a calm temperament, and a prodigious work ethic.''  A number of corporate general counsels from leading U.S. corporations have written us urging confirmation:       Mr. Watford has represented a broad spectrum of clients,      both in private industry as well as in the public sector. In      doing so, he has demonstrated an understanding of the legal      and economic challenges faced in both spheres, and an      appreciation for the importance of fair, consistent      application of the rules of law that govern business.  The assistant general counsel of Mattel joins in this support, writing: ``[I can] personally attest to his reputation for being remarkably intelligent, insightful and evenhanded. He is highly regarded within his firm, amongst his clients, and within the wider legal community for his exceptional skills as an appellate practitioner.''  Daniel Collins, an Associate Deputy Attorney General during the administration of President George W. Bush, described Paul Watford as ``incredibly intelligent and has solid integrity and great judgment.'' He concluded that this judicial nominee would not ``approach the job with any kind of agenda other than to do what is right and consistent with precedent as he understands it.''  I ask unanimous consent that copies of letters of support be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my statement.  