President, I want to thank, of course, the majority leader and the Republican leader, friends with whom I have served for years--and we have always been friends--for their kind words.  I want to thank my colleague from Vermont, another dear friend. Our careers have paralleled in many areas--from the time he was the mayor of our largest city, to being our lone Representative in the House of Representatives, to now being my partner here in the Senate.  Of course, as to my dear friend Dick Lugar, we have worked together so many times. We alternated between being the chair and ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee. He did a great deal on the environment, passed an organic farm bill, did so many things, all the time when he was doing his invaluable work to protect our Nation against nuclear weapons.  Mr. President, I value the Senate. I love the Senate. It has been a major part of my life. But I was glad to hear both leaders mention the true love of my life, my wife of nearly 50 years. There is nothing I have accomplished throughout my whole public career that I could have done without Marcelle's help. Not only has she raised three wonderful children and is helping to raise five wonderful grandchildren, every single day I have been a better person because of her. When we first started the race for the Senate in 1974, few people said I could win. Marcelle and I campaigned together. She always said I could. And we did.  None of us know how long we might be in the Senate, but I have valued every single moment here, and I will value every single moment as long as I am here.  I am glad Marcelle is here. She is joined by my dear and valuable friend Peter Welch, our Congressman from Vermont, and his wife Margaret, but also so many members of my staff. I feel that I have been blessed with the finest staff any Senator has ever had. Again, they are the ones every day who, if I look good and do something well on this floor, I give the credit. I joke that I am a constitutional impediment to them totally running everything. But thank goodness they are there. I will speak more about this at another time.  But it is a special feeling to be here with my friend Dick Lugar, to hear the kinds words of my friend and colleague Bernie Sanders, to know that the other Member of our delegation--we are a huge delegation; all three Members--Peter Welch is here. But especially I acknowledge Marcelle and Kevin, Alicia, and Mark, and their families. How wonderful it is to be here.  I yield the floor.  