She knows that this, whether in Washington State or the State of Vermont, is a major issue. She has voted for and supported the Leahy-Crapo bill, as has the distinguished Presiding Officer. I have said so many times on this floor that violence is violence is violence and abuse is abuse is abuse, and this should not be a partisan issue.  Two weeks ago, in Tampa, Republican leaders from Congress and around the country sought to make clear their commitment to advancing causes important to women. Well, I will say as a Democrat I was pleased to see that commitment from the Republican Party. But now I hope they will put those words into action and prove that this was not just campaign rhetoric. While they have not asked me for advice, I would give some advice to my Republican friends. If they do want to show their commitment to women, one significant step Republicans should take would be to help us reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act.  It was signed into law 18 years ago today--18 years ago today. I remember that day. I was there. As one of those who helped draft it, I was so proud to see it signed into law.  This landmark bill, which fundamentally changed the way our country responds to domestic and sexual violence, expired, though, 1 year ago this month. There is no good reason why we cannot all work together to see that this lifesaving law is reauthorized immediately. It should not be a Republican or Democratic issue. It is an American issue. How can people say they are not opposed to violence against women?  Just yesterday, the Republican attorney general from Utah and the Democratic attorney general from Maryland--people who have completely different philosophies--called on Congress to pass the Senate bill, which covers all victims, including immigrant women. In their guest column in Politico, the two noted that the bipartisan Senate bill would give ``a significant boost for law enforcement and public safety.'' At the same time, they said the politically charged House bill ``seeks to turn a bipartisan concern for abuse survivors into a partisan wedge'' and ``dramatically roll[s] back important protections for battered immigrant women and their children.''  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Politico column, along with a statement released today by Attorney General Holder on the 18th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act, be printed in the Record at the end of my comments.  