President, I am dismayed that the final conference report on the surface transportation reauthorization bill did not include funding and continued authorization for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, LWCF, program, despite the fact that this provision was included in the Senate-passed bill. This short-sighted decision is counterproductive and ultimately, harmful to America.  The LWCF program represents a promise that was made to the American people almost 50 years ago to invest in conservation and outdoor recreation. The LWCF Program has long been a successful bipartisan program that has touched all 50 States and nearly every county in America. I strongly believe that the LWCF provision, that was included in the Senate bill and which was passed in the Senate by a vote of 76 to 22, should have been included in the final conference report.  Over the course of half a century, the LWCF program has protected natural resource lands, outdoor recreation opportunities, and working forests across America. The program is so successful, in fact, that every part of the LWCF Program is oversubscribed, with the demand for State and local recreational needs, access for sportsmen, and working lands opportunities far exceeding the funds that have been available.  The LWCF Program has been extremely important to Vermont. Two successful Vermont examples are the Green Mountain National Forest and the Silvio O. Conte National Wildlife Refuge. Among the most visited lands in the National Forest System, the Green Mountain National Forest has provided accessible and affordable recreation for millions of residents in the densely populated Northeast. Likewise, the Silvio O. Conte National Wildlife Refuge, which stretches across Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Connecticut, is a revolutionary project that has helped to conserve prime fish and wildlife habitat across the 7.2 million-acre Connecticut River watershed.  By failing to include the LWCF Program in the final conference report, I believe that we are squandering a critical opportunity to protect America's precious natural resource lands and grow the economy. The Outdoor Industry Association estimates that outdoor recreation is an overlooked economic giant, generating $646 billion in direct consumer spending, supporting 6.1 million direct jobs, and producing $80 billion in Federal, State, and local tax revenue each year. This amount dwarfs total spending in other sectors such as pharmaceuticals and motor vehicles, which respectively account for $331 billion and $340 billion in direct spending.  I am extremely disappointed that the final conference report did not include the bipartisan-supported LWCF Program. This will hurt all Americans today and for generations to come. I urge my colleagues to come together and right this wrong. The benefits of the LWCF Program are clear and we owe it to the American people to provide funding for this essential and successful program.  Mr. President, I thank the Chair and yield the floor and note the absence of a quorum.  