President, before I begin my remarks on the nomination, I wish to speak for a moment about the debate we are having on the DISCLOSE Act. We read the horror stories of secret money going into campaigns. If we can't restrict the amount of money, at least let's know where it comes from. It is bad enough the Supreme Court has said corporations are people, as though having elected General Eisenhower as President, we could now elect General Electric as President, or electing yahoos such as Millard Fillmore as Vice President means we could elect Yahoo as Vice President.  There should be only one secret in an election, and that should be a secret ballot. That should be knowing you are secretly voting for who you want to vote for, and it should be disclosed only if you want it disclosed. As far as paying the bills, the American people ought to know who is paying the bills, how much, and why. Otherwise, we do not have honest elections. It is as simple as that.  Mr. President, today we will vote on only one of the 18 judicial nominations voted on by the Judiciary Committee but that are being stalled for no good reason. I am sure the people of New Jersey and the New Jersey Senators appreciate Senate Republicans finally allowing a vote on this nomination even after 3 months of needless delay. I suspect they would be more appreciative if the minority were also allowing a vote on the nomination of Michael Shipp for another vacancy on the same Federal court in New Jersey and who was also voted out of the Judiciary Committee virtually unanimously 3 months ago. I am sure they would be even more appreciative than that if Senate Republicans would allow a vote on the nomination of Judge Patty Shwartz to fill the vacancy on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals who was voted out of the Judiciary Committee more than 4 months ago, and who has the support of New Jersey's Republican Governor, Chris Christie.  The minority's stalling votes on judicial nominees with significant bipartisan support is all to the detriment of the American people. This has been a tactic that they have employed for the last 3\1/2\ years, despite repeated appeals urging them to work with us to help solve the judicial vacancy crisis. We have seen everyone from Chief Justice John Roberts, himself appointed by a Republican president, to the nonpartisan American Bar Association urging the Senate to vote on qualified judicial nominees that are available to administer justice for the American public. Sadly, Republicans insist on being the party of ``no''.  What the American people and the overburdened Federal courts need are qualified judges to administer justice in our Federal courts, not the perpetuation of extended, numerous vacancies. Today vacancies on the Federal courts are more than 2\1/2\ times as many as they were on this date during the first term of President Bush. The Senate is more than 40 confirmations off the pace we set during President Bush's first term.  Because they cannot deny the strength of this comparison using apples to apples by comparing first terms Senate Republicans instead try to draw comfort by making comparisons to President Bush's second term after we had already worked hard to reduce vacancies by 75 percent and confirmed 205 circuit and district judges. Their effort is unconvincing and unavailing. In fact, during President Bush's second term, the number of vacancies never exceeded 60 and was reduced to 34 near the end of his presidency. In stark contrast, vacancies have long remained near or above 80, with little progress made in these last 3\1/2\ years. Today, there are still 78 vacancies. Their tactics have actually led to an increase in judicial vacancies during President Obama's first term a development that is a sad first.  But the real point is that their selective use of numbers is beside the point and does nothing to help the American people. We should be doing better. Iknow that we can because we have done better. During President Bush's first term, notwithstanding the 9/11 attacks, the anthrax attack on the Senate, the ideologically-driven selections of judicial nominees by President Bush, and his lack of outreach to home State Senators, we reduced the number of judicial vacancies by almost 75 percent, down to 29 by this point during his first term and acted to confirm 205 circuit and district court nominees by the end of his first term.  Another excuse from the minority comes across more as partisan score settling than anything else. They claim that having confirmed two Supreme Court Justices, the Senate cannot be expected to reach the 205 number of confirmations in President Bush's first term.  The first and most important point is that those proceedings do not excuse the Senate from taking the actions it could now on the 18 judicial nominees voted out of the Judiciary Committee and ready for final Senate action. That second Supreme Court confirmation was in August 2010. That is almost 2 years ago and it was opposed by most Senate Republicans.  Senate Republicans held down circuit and district court confirmations in President Obama's first 2 years in office to historically low numbers 12 by the end of 2009 and another 48 in 2010 for a total of only 60. We did better last year when Senator Grassley became the ranking member and were able to confirm 64 nominees. Had Republicans not stalled 19 nominations at the end of last year and dragged those confirmations out into May of this year, we, the American people, and the Federal courts would be much better off. As it is, however, the fact remains there are 18 qualified judicial nominations the Senate could be voting on without further delay.  They refuse to acknowledge that in addition to confirming two Supreme Court Justices in President Clinton's first term, the Senate was able to confirm 200 circuit and district court judges. And in 1992, at the end of President George H.W. Bush's term, the Senate with a Democratic majority was able to confirm 192 circuit and district court judges despite confirming two Supreme Court Justices. Republicans have kept the Senate well back from those numbers by only allowing the Senate to proceed to confirm 154 of President Obama's circuit and district court nominees. That is a far cry from what we have been able to achieve in addition to our consideration of Supreme Court nominations when the Senate was being allowed to function more fairly and to consider judicial nominees reported with bipartisan support.  Nor are the nominees about whom we are concerned recently nominated. These are not nominees dumped on the Senate in scores at the end of a presidential term. These are, instead, nominations that date back to October of last year. Most were nominated before March. In fact the circuit court nominees who Republicans are refusing to consider date back to October and November of last year and January of this year. William Kayatta was voted on by the Committee and placed before the Senate by mid April and could have been confirmed then. Richard Taranto and Judge Shwartz have been stalled before the Senate even longer, since March. As I explained in my last statement, Senate Republicans have shut down confirmations of circuit court judges not just in June or July but, in effect, for the entire year. The Senate has yet to vote on a single circuit court nominee nominated by President Obama this year. Since 1980, the only presidential election year in which there were no circuit nominees confirmed who were nominated that year was in 1996, when Senate Republicans shut down the process against President Clinton's circuit nominees. The fact that Republican stalling tactics have meant that circuit court nominees that should have been confirmed in the spring--such as Bill Kayatta, Richard Taranto and Patty Shwartz--are still awaiting a vote after July 4 is no excuse for not moving forward this month to confirm these circuit nominees. Both Mr. Kayatta and Mr. Taranto were voted out of the Judiciary Committee with significant bipartisan support, and Judge Shwartz, a Magistrate Judge and former Federal prosecutor, has the support of Republican Governor Chris Christie.  The American people who are waiting for justice do not care about these excuses. They do not care about some false sense of settling political scores. They want justice, just as they want action on measures the President has suggested to help the economy and create jobs rather than political calculations about what will help Republican candidates in the elections in November.  When Republican Senators try to take credit for the Senate having reached what they regard as their ``quota'' for confirmations this year, they should acknowledge their strenuous opposition to those confirmations for which they now take credit. As recently as 2008, Senate Republicans denied there was a Thurmond rule. They used to say that any judicial nominee reported to the Senate was entitled to a vote and that every judicial nominee was entitled to an up-or-down vote and that they would never filibuster judicial nominees. Well, the Majority Leader has had to file 28 cloture petitions to end their filibusters of judicial nominees. Now they are flip-flopping on their own call for up-or-down votes.  What they are doing now is a first. As I have noted, in the past five presidential election years, Senate Democrats have never denied an up-or-down vote to any circuit court nominee of a Republican President who received bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee. They are denying votes to William Kayatta, a nominee from Maine supported by his home State Republican Senators, and Robert Bacharach, a nominee from Oklahoma supported by his home State Republican Senators, and Richard Taranto, whose nomination to the Federal Circuit received virtually unanimous support. Even Judge Patty Shwartz, whose nomination to the Third Circuit received a split rollcall vote, has the bipartisan support of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.  As I have noted previously, in the past 5 presidential election years, a total of 13 circuit court nominees have been confirmed after May 31. It is notable that 12 of the 13 were nominees of Republican presidents.  Today, the Senate will vote on the nomination of Kevin McNulty to fill a judicial vacancy in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. Like all of the judicial nominees voted on by the Judiciary Committee, he has the support of his home State Senators. His nomination was reported with a nearly unanimous voice vote by the Judiciary Committee nearly 3 months ago, with the only objection coming from Senator Lee's customary protest vote. He was rated unanimously well qualified by the ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary, the highest possible rating.  Kevin McNulty currently serves as a director and head of the appellate practice group at Gibbons, P.C., a law firm in New Jersey. He served as a Federal prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey for more than 10 years, where he was chief of the Appeals Division for 3 of those years. After law school, he clerked for Judge Frederick B. Lacey of the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. Over the course of his 29-year legal career, Kevin McNulty has tried 12 cases to verdict and has argued numerous cases before the Federal courts of appeal. In 2008, the New Jersey Law Journal named him ``Lawyer of the Year.'' I support this well-qualified nominee.  I, again, urge Senate Republicans to reconsider their ill-conceived partisan strategy and work with us to meet the needs of the American people. With more than 75 judicial vacancies still burdening the American people and our Federal courts, there is no justification for not proceeding to confirm the judicial nominees reported with bipartisan support by the Judiciary Committee this year. We can and we should be doing more to help the American people.  Anyway, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum, with the time equally divided.  