President, today, the Senate worked together to advance bipartisan legislation that Senator Grassley and I introduced, and I thank all Senators for their support. I am very pleased that the Senate has agreed to pass this important legislation as it has been amended. I especially commend Senator Grassley, Senator Hatch, Senator Conrad, and Senator Schumer for their collaboration. And I thank Senator Menendez for working with us to get this done in the Senate.  This legislation contains extensions for four long-standing immigration programs for another 3 years. These programs, last authorized in the fiscal year 2010 Homeland Security Appropriations law, are set to expire on September 30, 2012. Today's actions are a step toward avoiding that result, and maintaining the progress and benefits that these programs provide to many American communities and constituencies.  A program that I have long supported with Senators on both sides of aisle, the EB-5 Regional Center Program, has brought tens of thousands of jobs and billions in capital investment to communities across the United States at no cost to the taxpayer. This program represents one small corner of our overall immigration system, yet it results in enormous benefits for so many communities, including Vermont, where our Governors across administrations and business leaders have put it to use to make Vermont a better place for its citizens. The economic transformation we have seen in some Vermont communities as the direct result of this program is profound. Over the last several years, Vermonters who might have been out of work in a struggling economy found themselves working to build up Vermont companies, building Vermont products, and supporting economic activity in their communities. And so today, business leaders and entrepreneurs in Vermont, along with Vermont's Governor Peter Shumlin and his economic development team will continue to have this tool to help raise the capital Vermont needs to continue its innovation and economic growth.  Job creation and capital investment in America is something I know we can all support, and today I am proud to say we have done just that. I want to give my thanks to the Association to Invest in the U.S.A., the American Immigration Lawyers Association, and all of the entrepreneurs and businesses large and small across the United States that have realized the economic benefits of this program and that have so strongly supported my efforts.  The bill we pass today also continues programs important to Senator Hatch and Senator Conrad. Today we take a step toward carrying on Senator Conrad's program to encourage foreign doctors trained in the United States to practice medicine in medically underserved rural areas. And today we move to continue Senator Hatch's program to give United States religious institutions the ability to invite foreign citizens of shared faith to their communities to carry out good works and to help others.  And this legislation reauthorizes the E-Verify work authorization program, which I know is very important to the Judiciary Committee's ranking member and other Senators. This program gives American employers a tool to ensure that those they hire are legally authorized to work in the United States. Yet it maintains its status as a voluntary program for employers, and maintains that choice for our businesses large and small to participate if they choose.  I regret that it has been such a long road for us to get to this point today. These measures should be the easy ones. The politics of immigration continue to make our progress difficult not only on the broader measures that America needs, but on the smaller ones that Congress has supported for many years. So I am pleased the Senate hasacted in support of all of these programs today. I would have liked to see these programs made permanent after the many years they have been in existence they should be. But I also understand that with permanence, the Senate should look at ways to improve them where possible so that they are more secure and more effective. I am prepared to do that.  Though we take a small step forward today with these reauthorizations, I remain as committed today to tackle comprehensive immigration reform as I was when I supported President Bush in 2006 and 2007 in his efforts to make real change in our laws. I expect we will be there again soon and I look forward to the day we will once again begin the effort to strengthen and protect our entire immigration system.  