President, this is actually a simple amendment. It strengthens the Public Safety Officers' Benefits Act. That is the Federal death and disability program that we have for our Nation's first responders who are killed or disabled in the line of duty. There is nothing new to this body in this amendment.  An earlier version of this legislation was adopted on the Senate floor by voice vote in December of 2001. It was adopted as part of the FAA Air Transportation Modernization and Safety Improvement Act. In fact, following the Senate's adoption of the amendment, I worked closely with the House Judiciary chairman, the distinguished Member of the House, Congressman Lamar Smith of Texas. He and I added additional reforms so we ended up with an improved bill. We ended up with amodest expansion of benefits for deserving emergency medical responders and a host of reforms to make the Public Safety Officers' Benefits Program stronger, more efficient, and more cost-effective.  The most important thing, CBO, which initially had concern, reviewed it and found this cost nothing. The CBO recognized the cost savings associated with the reforms and efficiencies that we incorporated and determined that the modest expansion of benefits was fully offset by these reforms. What we are saying, since 1974, this country has recognized that we have first responders who are killed and disabled in the line of duty whose families deserve our help. This bipartisan legislation does that.  We have determined that a police officer who is shot in the line of duty, a first responder, a firefighter, an emergency medical responder and others who are killed in the line of duty, died as a result of their work in the line of duty, that they would have and share in the same benefit we have provided for the whole country. This clarifies the policy for all first responders who serve their communities in an official capacity.  It is hard to think of anybody who could possibly disagree with this amendment. It costs taxpayers nothing. It builds upon and improves what we have always done.  Let me tell a story. Before we had this act, before we had this law, when I was a young State's attorney, the police chief in Manchester, VT, responding to a burglary, was shot and killed. He was a man, the sole support of his wife and his aging mother. It turned out there was no program at that time, no assistance from the state or Federal Government. This was prior to 1974, 1976, and there was no program to care for them, to care for the widow. Therefore, there was not even money to pay for his funeral.  I was president of the Vermont State's attorneys association at the time, and I started making calls around the State. We quickly raised the money for his funeral and for some modest help for his family. I still remember that funeral. It was one of those days we often have in the winter during a snowfall when there are very large snowflakes. They call them silver dollar snowflakes, and they are very large. They were falling gently out of the sky. But on the two-lane road leading to this small church, a typical New England church with a white steeple on it, for miles and miles all we saw is that of the snow coming down in the reflection. The blue lights from the police cars were flashing, the red lights from the firetrucks were flashing, and the white and red lights from the ambulances were flashing. I have never forgotten that.  Today, thanks to Federal legislation, if that happened again, there would at least be benefits, as it should be. But this is something that could happen in Vermont or Rhode Island or any other State in this country. This measures contained in this amendment were passed in the House overwhelmingly by voice vote in June of this year. It passed here on the floor of the Senate by voice vote before that. It has no cost to the taxpayers, which is something Chairman Smith and I worked on together to ensure. I hope it will pass and at 6 o'clock we vote on it.  I reserve the balance of my time and I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask that time be equally divided during the call of the quorum.  