Without action, millions of students across the country will see their interest rates double on their subsidized Stafford loans on July 1. At the very least, these students deserve a debate on this vital pocketbook question that affects millions of young Americans and their families.  I have always strongly believed in the importance of a college education. I was the first in my family to have the opportunity to go to college. Every young person should have the chance to pursue higher education. Education is a path out of poverty, a road to personal growth, and an access ramp toprofessional accomplishment and economic security. Everyone wins when access to education expands.  It should go without saying that student loan costs should not rise so high that students cannot repay. Yet in recent years, average college tuition rates have increased faster than inflation, far outpacing student financial aid. Since 1985, the cost of attending college has increased by 559 percent, and last schoolyear alone, instate tuition and fees at public 4-year institutions averaged 8.3 percent higher than the previous year.  I hear from Vermonters constantly about their struggles to afford college and their concerns about student loan debt after they graduate. Skyrocketing tuition is making it increasingly difficult for families to afford higher education. Many students are forced to take on significant debt, and too often they are not able to complete college because of soaring costs. For those students who do go on to graduate, record student loan debt has made getting ahead in today's job market next to impossible for many students. Unfortunately, along with the pressure from student loan debt has come an increase in default rates among borrowers, which will affect a student's financial stability for decades.  Especially during these difficult economic times we need to be doing more to address the rising costs of higher education and the growing need for student financial aid. We have made significant investments in higher education and making college more affordable in recent years through historic investments in the Pell Grant Program, moving to a universal system of direct loans, and through the President's recent Executive order to reduce monthly payments for low-income borrowers. While these measures have certainly helped students, more must be done to ensure every American has access to a college education.  While there is agreement on the need to prevent the interest rate increase, division remains on the way to finance the yearlong extension. 