As the editorial from the Tuscaloosa News noted: ``[T]he determination of Senate Republicans to delay President Barack Obama's judicial nominees--even those who have won bipartisan support from the Judiciary Committee--is emblematic of thepolarization that also has sabotaged efforts of the two parties to work together on numerous other fronts.'' The editorial concludes by urging that there be ``no more partisan games.''  A recent memorandum from the Congressional Research Service confirms what we have long known: The delay and obstruction from Senate Republicans have resulted in President Obama's judicial nominees waiting much longer for a floor vote than judicial nominees under the past four Presidents. These tactics, of course, have resulted in a much lower number and percentage of confirmed judicial nominees under President Obama--despite the fact that President Obama's judicial nominees have by and large been consensus nominees.  The consequences of these months of delays are borne by the more than 150 million Americans who live in districts and circuits with vacancies that could be filled as soon as Senate Republicans agree to up or down votes on the 17 judicial nominations currently before the Senate. Our courts need qualified Federal judges, not vacancies, if they are to reduce the excessive wait times that burden litigants seeking their day in court. It is unacceptable for hardworking Americans who turn to their courts for justice to suffer unnecessary delays. When an injured plaintiff sues to help cover the cost of his or her medical expenses, that plaintiff should not have to wait 3 years before a judge hears the case. When two small business owners disagree over a contract, they should not have to wait years for a court to resolve their dispute.  Today, we can finally end the needless delays on these two qualified nominees. Miranda Du was born in Vietnam. She left the country with her family by boat in 1978 and immigrated to the United States after spending a year in refugee camps in Malaysia. If confirmed, she will become the first Asian Pacific American appointed to the Federal bench in Nevada. Both of Nevada's Senators, the Majority Leader and Republican Senator Dean Heller, support Ms. Du's nomination. Senator Heller has said that Ms. Du will ``make an outstanding district court judge.'' She also has the support of the Republican Governor of Nevada, Brian Sandoval; the Republican Lieutenant Governor of Nevada, Brian Krolicki; and the Republican Mayor of Reno, Robert Cashell; each of whom has personally worked with Ms. Du. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a copy of the letters of support from these individuals at the conclusion of my remarks.  