President, it pains me, in a way, to have to come and talk about this. This is the eighth time the majority leader has had to file a cloture motion to overcome yet another Republican filibuster of one of President Obama's superbly qualified judicial nominees. I have been here during the time of President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, President George H.W. Bush, President Clinton, President George W. Bush, and now President Obama. I have been here when the Senate was in Republicancontrol and when it was in Democratic control. Never during all that time have I seen anything where the majority leader has had to file so many cloture motions on superbly qualified judicial nominees, whether it is a Republican or Democratic President.  The nominee we have before us is a former Federal prosecutor and current Federal District Court judge in the Southern District of Florida. Judge Adalberto Jordan is the kind of nominee who in the past would have been confirmed without delay. It probably would have been done on a voice vote shortly after having come out of our committee, rather than having to wait 4 months for Senators to consent to proceed on his nomination.  This nomination has the strong and committed support of the senior Senator from Florida, Mr. Nelson, as well as that of Mr. Rubio, the other Senator from Florida. Not only does he have the support of the two Senators, one a Democratic Senator the other a Republican, but the distinguished Presiding Officer will recall that when we voted on him last October, every single Republican and every single Democrat on the Judiciary Committee voted for him. He came out unanimously. It would be a little bit strange if any of those Senators now switched their votes because there is nothing different today than there was back in October of last fall.  When he was nominated to the District Court by President Clinton in 1999, even while Senate Republicans were pocket filibustering more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees, Judge Jordan was confirmed without delay. It was an overwhelming vote: 93 to 1. Any of us in elective office would like to have had margins such as that.  The needless delay in Judge Jordan's nomination is the latest example of the tactics that have all but paralyzed the Senate confirmation process. They are actually damaging our Federal courts. It should not take 4 months and a cloture motion, which is hard to schedule because of all the other things we have to do, just to proceed to a nomination such as that of Judge Jordan to fill a judicial emergency.  This is not just filling a normal vacancy, it is a judicial emergency on the Eleventh Circuit. This good judge has already demonstrated as a Federal prosecutor and as a district judge his qualities. They need him on the Eleventh Circuit.  It should not take many more months and more cloture motions before the Senate finally votes on the nearly 20 other superbly qualified judicial nominees who have been stalled by Senate Republicans for months while vacancies continue to plague our American courts and delay justice for the American people. At all these courts where they are bottlenecked because there is no judge, the people who have cases in those courts do not say: I am a Republican or I am a Democrat, they say I have an important case to be heard. Why won't the Senate confirm the judge who has been nominated?  On every single one of the judges that are being stalled, every single Democratic Senator has agreed long ago to a vote. The objection on every single one of these judges being held up is because of Republican objections.  Let's talk about Judge Jordan for a moment, why he is so exceptional. When he is confirmed, he will be the first Cuban-born judge to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, which encompasses Florida, Georgia and Alabama. Born in Havana, Cuba, Judge Jordan immigrated to the United States at age six. He went on to graduate summa cum laude from the University of Miami law school. Following law school, he clerked for Judge Thomas Clark on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, the Court to which he is nominated, and Justice Sandra Day O'Connor on the U.S. Supreme Court. He then became a Federal prosecutor in the Southern District of Florida, where he served as Deputy Chief and then Chief of the Appellate Division. Judge Jordan has also been a professor. Since 1990, he has taught at his alma mater, the University of Miami School of Law, as well as the Florida International University College of Law.  It is no surprise that the ABA's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Judge Jordan ``well qualified'' to serve on the Eleventh Circuit, the highest possible rating from its nonpartisan peer review. Everybody should be down here cheering and supporting this nomination. He should be commended and supported, not filibustered and obstructed. Judge Jordan is a consensus nominee. What has the Senate come to, if somebody such as this man has to go through and overcome a filibuster to be confirmed? At this moment, ``Moses the Lawgiver'' would have a hard time being confirmed.  I say this because this judge is the kind of consensus nominee I have been urging Senate Republicans to stop stalling. He represents the kind of consensus nominees this President has sent the Senate who have been needlessly and harmfully stalled in the Senate for months and months for no good reason. It needs to stop. Last Thursday, Professor Carl Tobias wrote: ``Most troubling has been Republican refusal to vote on noncontroversial, strong nominees--inaction that conflicts with a venerable Senate tradition. When the chamber has eventually voted on nominees, the Senate has overwhelmingly approved many.'' I expect Judge Jordan to be confirmed with a strong, bipartisan vote, as well. There is no justification for delaying this action over the last 4 months while a judicial emergency vacancy has gone unfilled. There is no justifiable reason for forcing the majority leader to file cloture for the Senate to hold a vote on this qualified consensus nominee. There is no justification for Senate Republicans' refusal to hold votes on nearly 20 Senate nominees who also remain stalled waiting for a vote.  The filibuster of Judge Jordan is just the current example of Senate Republicans' delaying tactics with respect to President Obama's qualified consensus nominees.  Let me give you a little history and a few facts. As we enter the fourth year of President Obama's administration, we are far behind the pace set by the Senate during President George W. Bush's first term. By the end of 2004, the Senate in those 48 months confirmed 205 district and circuit nominees. One hundred of them were confirmed during the 17 months that I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I moved President Bush's judges notwithstanding the fact that 60 of President Clinton's judges had been pocket filibustered. I wanted to change that for the good of the Federal judiciary. I wanted to restore respect in the Senate as well as the Federal judiciary, but now we have gone back to the same old Republican obstructionism.  The Senate has confirmed only 126 of President Obama's district and circuit nominees, nowhere near the pace there was for President Bush. That leaves 86 judicial vacancies. In fact, the vacancy rate is likely to remain twice what it was in 2004. But I would suggest to this body that the slow pace of confirmation of President Obama's judicial nominees is no accident. It is the result of deliberate obstruction and delays. For the second year in a row, the Senate Republican leadership ignored long-established precedent and refused to schedule any votes before the December recess on the nearly 20 consensus judicial nominees who had been favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee. Here we are in the middle of February, fighting to hold a vote on 1 of the 19 nominees who should have been confirmed last year. Fifteen of the nominees stalled by Senate Republicans were reported with the unanimous support of their home state Senators and every Republican and every Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee.  During President Bush's administration, Republican Senators insisted that filibusters of judicial nominees were unconstitutional. They threatened the ``nuclear option'' in 2005 to guarantee up-or-down votes for each of President Bush's judicial nominees. Many of them said they would never, ever support the filibuster of a judicial nomination--never. Well, that never lasted. Once President Obama, a Democratic President, came in, the Senate Republicans reversed course. They filibustered President Obama's very first judicial nomination, that of Judge David Hamilton of Indiana, a widely-respected 15-year veteran of the Federal bench who had the support of the most senior and longest-serving Republican in the Senate, Senator Lugar. The Senate rejected that filibuster andJudge Hamilton was fortunately confirmed. The same Senators who had said solemnly on the floor of the Senate that they would never filibuster a judicial nomination--oh well, we have a new Democratic President, now we ought to filibuster. Come on. You wonder why people are concerned about those who represent them.  In fact, that first filibuster portended what was going to happen, and the partisan delays and opposition have continued. Senate Republicans have required cloture votes even for nominees who ultimately were confirmed unanimously when the Senate finally overcame those filibusters and voted on their nomination. So it was with Judge Barbara Keenan of the Fourth Circuit, who was confirmed 99-0 when the filibuster of her nomination finally ended in 2010, and Judge Denny Chin of the Second Circuit, an outstanding nominee with 16 years judicial experience, who was ultimately confirmed 98-0 when the Republican filibuster was overcome after four months of needless delays.  Regrettably, Senate Republicans have successfully filibustered the nominations of Goodwin Liu and Caitlin Halligan. I have warned that Senate Republicans have imposed a new standard that threatened to make confirmation of any nominee to the D.C. Circuit virtually impossible in the future. At the time, The Washington Post noted: ``GOP senators are grasping at straws to block Ms. Halligan's ascension, perhaps in hopes of preserving the vacancy for a Republican president to fill.'' I urged Senate Republicans to stop playing politics with the D.C. Circuit, and to allow an up-or-down vote on Ms. Halligan after more than 15 months of delay. Regrettably, the nomination of such a highly-qualified public servant, who had the support of law enforcement, appellate advocates, former Supreme Court clerks, academics and practitioners from across the political spectrum, was prevented from an up or down vote.  But I would also say that aside from the gamesmanship involved, this obstruction hurts the whole country. There are currently 86 judicial vacancies across the country. That means nearly 1 out of every 10 Federal judgeships is vacant. The vacancy rate is nearly double what it had been reduced to by this point in the Bush administration when Democrats, showing unprecedented speed, cooperated to bring judicial vacancies down to 46.  It is the American people who pay the price for the Senate's unnecessary and harmful delay in confirming judges to our Federal courts. It is unacceptable for hardworking Americans who are seeking their day in court to find one in 10 of those courts vacant. When an injured plaintiff sues to help cover the cost of medical expenses, that plaintiff should not have to wait for years before a judge hears his or her case. When two small business owners disagree over a contract, they should not have to wait years for a court to resolve their dispute. With 18 more judicial nominees stalled and cloture motions being required for consensus nominees, the Senate is failing in its responsibility, harming our Federal courts and ultimately hurting the American people. If you are one of the people seeking justice in a Federal court--and here is a sign saying: Closed; nobody at home--when you imagine this happening, is it any wonder that only 10 percent of the American people view Congress favorably? Actually with this kind of activity, I am surprised it gets up to 10 percent. I am wondering whether my friends on the other side of the aisle, the Senate Republicans, are intent on bringing the approval rating even lower, into single digits.  Some Senate Republicans are now seeking to excuse these months of delay by blaming President Obama for forcing them to do it. They point to President Obama's recent recess appointments of a Director for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and members of the National Labor Relations Board. Of course, those appointments were made a few weeks ago, long after the delay of Judge Jordan's nomination began. Moreover, the President took his action because Senate Republicans had refused to vote on those executive nominations and were intent on rendering the government agencies unable to enforce the law and carry out their critical work on behalf of the American people. Some Senate Republicans are doubling down on their obstruction in response. They are apparently extending their blockage against nominees beyond executive branch nominees to these much-needed judicial nominees. This needless obstruction accentuates the burdens on our Federal courts and delays in justice to the American people. We can ill afford these additional delays and protest votes. The Senate needs, instead, to come together to address the needs of hardworking Americans around the country.  Judge Adalberto Jose Jordan is precisely the kind of qualified consensus nominee we need. He is the kind of person we all will say, when the press asks, this is the kind of nominee we need; this would help our country and our judicial system if we had this kind of nominee. But then we filibuster.  When introducing Judge Jordan to the Senate Judiciary Committee last October, Senator Rubio praised the nominee's knowledge of the law, experience, participation in community, stating that ``he looks forward to [Judge Jordan's] appointment.'' I certainly believe what Senator Rubio said. I find him to be very truthful in these things. The day we reported him out of the committee unanimously, every single Democratic Senator in this Chamber was ready to go forward with the vote. The only place we had objections was on the Republican side, and that has gone on for 4 months.  I hope we get this cloture vote and the Senate is finally allowed to vote to confirm this nomination. Again, I urge Senate Republicans to stop the destructive delays that plague the confirmation process. The American people deserve Federal courts ready to serve them, not empty benches, not long delays, not partisan games.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask consent that the time be equally divided.  