Opiate prescription drugs like hydrocodone have been a tremendous and growing problem in Vermont, as they have in West Virginia. I thank Senator Manchin for working with me to make the amendment better.  The scourge of prescription drug abuse has had a devastating effect in communities across the country. I heard about the lives destroyed by this epidemic and the violence and other ills it has brought with it in several hearings in Vermont in recent years. Senator Manchin's amendment seeks to make it more difficult for prescription drugs to get into the hands of those who would abuse them by requiring prescriptions more comprehensively and by restricting storage and transportation. I hope these steps will be helpful.  I am glad Senator Manchin was willing to work with me to modify the amendment so that it did not cause as many sentencing increases, and particularly to eliminate what would have been a new mandatory minimum sentence. Those who work on the problem of prescription drugs every day have not identified a lack of adequate criminal sentences to be part of the problem, so a significant change in the sentencing scheme was not needed or intended.  Indeed, the proliferation of severe sentences for drug offenses and of mandatory minimum sentences in particular is a large part of what has led to the serious problem we face now in having too many people in prison for too long. These sentences have contributed to the runaway prison costs that are so crippling to Federal and State budgets.  Overwhelming prison costs take resources away from programs focusing on drug prevention, drug treatment, and strong law enforcement, all of which are more effective in helping communities take on prescription drug problems than are lengthy sentences. I am glad that we could work to ensure that this amendment would help to address our prescription drug problem without contributing to the overincarceration of drug offenders.  I know some doctors in Vermont and elsewhere continue to have concerns about the effect this amendment will have on getting prescriptions to those who need them. I hope we can continue working together to ensure that we tackle the difficult problem of prescription drug addiction without hindering crucial medical care.  I thank Senator Manchin for his leadership on this issue.  