President, I appreciate what the Senator from Rhode Island has done. He has been a champion on this not only in the public forum on this floor of the Senate, but he has been a champion in the cloakrooms, in the committee rooms; everywhere we have been speaking about it, he has been most consistent. The people of Rhode Island are very fortunate to have somebody with such a strong voice.  For the last two and a half years, the American people have seen the devastating effects of the Citizens United decision. That decision by five Supreme Court Justices overturned a century of laws--a century of laws that have been supported by Republicans and Democrats alike--designed to protect our elections from corporatespending. And what these five men did is they unleashed a massive flood of corporate money into our elections.  Now, many of us in the Congress and around the country were worried at the time of the Citizens United decision that it turned on its head the idea of government of, by, and for the people. We worried that the decision created new rights for Wall Street at the expense of people on Main Street. We worried that powerful corporate megaphones could drown out the voices and interests of individual Americans. I wish I didn't have to say this, but two and a half years later, it is clear these worries were supremely valid, and the damage is devastatingly real.  Since the Citizens United decision struck down longstanding prohibitions on corporations from direct spending in political campaigns, hundreds of millions of dollars from undisclosed and unaccountable sources have flooded the airwaves with a barrage of negative advertisements. Nobody who has watched our elections or even tried to watch television since the Citizens United decision can deny the enormous impact that decision has had on our political process. Everywhere I go in Vermont, people say: Who is behind these ads? Many of them find them offensive in Vermont.  They say: Who is behind these ads?  I say: I don't know.  They say: Well, you are a U.S. Senator. What do you mean you don't know?  I say: Because the Supreme Court has allowed people to hide who is paying for them, even though they are doing it to advance their economic interests, often to the exclusion of everybody else's; even though they are wanting to give themselves an advantage that all the rest of the people won't have.  Nobody who has strained to hear the voices of the voters lost among the flood of noise from super PACs can deny that by extending first amendment rights in the political process to corporations, the Supreme Court put at risk the rights of individual Americans to speak to each other and, crucially, to be heard. Yet, just last month, without a hearing--without even allowing Americans' voices to be heard--the same five Justices who in Citizens United ran roughshod over longstanding precedent to strike down key provisions of our bipartisan campaign finance laws doubled down on Citizens United when they summarily struck down a 100-year-old Montana State law barring corporate contributions to political campaigns--a State law that had been enacted by the people of Montana because they had seen the pervasive and sometimes evil effects of these corporate contributions. In doing so, they broke down the last public safeguards preventing corporate megaphones from drowning out the voices of hard-working Americans.  There is no doubt about it. In our State of Vermont, we have a town meeting day. People come in. They can express any view they want, but you know who is expressing it. You know whether it is John Jones or Mary Smith. You know if it is the head of a local company or somebody speaking for a workers union. You know who is speaking, and you know that you have just as much right and ability to answer as they did in speaking. Now we are saying: No, no; unless you are a wealthy corporation willing to hide who is speaking, you are not going to be heard.  The Supreme Court decisions not only go against longstanding laws and legal precedence but also common sense. Contrary to at least what one candidate has said, corporations are not people. Corporations are not the same as individual Americans. Corporations do not have the same rights, the same morals, or the same interests. Corporations cannot vote in our democracy. We could elect General Eisenhower as President, but General Electric and General Motors cannot serve as the President. But if you go to the logic of these Supreme Court decisions, it virtually says: Let's elect General Electric or General Motors as President. The fact is, these are artificial legal constructs meant to facilitate business. The Founders understood this. The Founders knew we were not going to allow corporations either to vote or to take over our electoral process. Vermonters and Americans across this great country have long understood this. Apparently five members of the Supreme Court did not understand this.  Like most Vermonters, Republicans and Democrats alike, I strongly believe something must be done to address the divisive and corrosive decision of the Supreme Court in Citizens United. That decision was wrong, the damage must be repaired, and the harmful ways it is skewing the democratic process must be fixed. That is why I held the first congressional hearing on that terrible decision in the weeks after it was issued. That is why we have scheduled a hearing next week in the Senate Judiciary Committee's constitution subcommittee, led by the distinguished Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, to look at proposals for constitutional amendments to address Citizens United.  But today, without waiting the years and years and years that a constitutional amendment might take, the Senate can take action. By passing the DISCLOSE Act, we can restore transparency and accountability to campaign finance laws by ensuring that all Americans know who is paying for campaign ads. It is a crucial step toward restoring the ability of Vermonters and all American voters to be able to speak, be heard and to hear competing voices, and not be drowned out by powerful corporate interests. For any of us who are in an election, we expect our opponent to be able to speak out, and the public expects it. They want to hear from both of us. And they should. That is why we have debates. That is why we have candidate forums. But it all becomes irrelevant if you have a huge megaphone, paid for by anonymous donors, anonymous corporations.  When I cosponsored the first DISCLOSE Act after the Supreme Court's decision in 2010, I hoped Republicans would join with Democrats to mitigate the impact of the Citizens United decision. From the depths of the Watergate scandal forward, until only recently, the principle of disclosure was a bipartisan value. A clear-cut reform such as the DISCLOSE Act would have easily drawn bipartisan support in those days after Watergate. I hoped that Senate Republicans, like my friend from Arizona, Senator John McCain, who once championed the bipartisan McCain-Feingold campaign finance law, which I supported, would join with us to help ensure that corporations could not abuse their newfound constitutional rights. Regrettably, every single Republican joined to successfully filibuster the DISCLOSE Act in 2010, and despite a majority in the House and a majority in the Senate and the American people voting and being in favor of passing this disclosure law, it fell one vote short from breaking a Republican filibuster in the Senate--one vote, but not a single Republican would stand and help us restore some of the core disclosure aspects of McCain-Feingold.  Senate Republicans are continuing their filibuster of this commonsense legislation. By filibustering it, they deny the American people an open, public, and meaningful debate on the importance of transparency and accountability in our elections. Last night they again filibustered this bill even though a majority in this Senate voted in favor of it. In fact, they refused to even proceed to debate on the bill in the Senate.  Despite the clear impact of waves of unaccountable corporate campaign spending that has led Senator McCain to now concede that super PACs are ``disgraceful,'' a minority in the Senate, consisting exclusively of Republicans, continue to prevent passage of this important law. Why are they against this bill? Why, when so many Senators of both parties used to champion disclosure laws and Senators of both parties used to support knowing who is paying for campaign ads, do they continue to prevent us from having a debate? Why, when the Supreme Court made clear even in the Citizens United decision that disclosure laws are constitutional, does the Senate Republican leadership insist on stalling the reform?  What happened to those Americans who said that our elections should be open? What happened to those Americans who said we ought to know who is involved in these elections? There should be only one thing secret in our elections: your secret vote, your right to vote in secret--one person, one vote. But nothing should say that thereshould be a powerful, hidden, secret hand overwhelming the voters of America in telling them how they should vote.  We know disclosure laws can work because they do work for individual Americans donating directly to political campaigns. Mr. President, when you or I give money directly to a political candidate, our donation is not hidden. It is publicly disclosed. And that candidate--people can look at who has supported him or her, and that goes into their thoughts as to whether they will vote for them. Yet those who oppose the DISCLOSE Act are standing up for special rights for corporations and wealthy donors--rights, Mr. President, you and I do not have.  We have seen since Citizens United that the line the Supreme Court imagined existed between individual campaigns and the super PACs is an all but meaningless one, as super PACs have poured more and more money into influencing election campaigns. In reality, super PACs have simply become a way to funnel secret, massive, nondisclosed donations to political campaigns. The Citizens United decision has allowed corporations and large donors to evade the disclosure laws that apply to you and me by giving money to groups that then fund super PACs, as a way of laundering the money and keeping secret the real funders of these campaign ads.  If the average Vermonter wants to contribute to my campaign or my opponent's campaign, that is going to be public. People are going to know, and they will make their decisions. Part of their decision will be based on who supports us. But when you have a secret--a secret--wealthy entity supporting you, nobody knows who it is. And none of these entities use their real names. They are always for good government, for clean air, for motherhood and apple pie, for the sun rising in the east and setting in the west. There is no reason those funding these super PACs should not be bound by the same disclosure rules for giving directly to campaigns. Public disclosure of donations to candidates has never chilled campaign funding, and it has never prevented millions of Americans from participating openly. I follow a rule of releasing every single donor to my campaign, and I think we had one for 85 cents once that got disclosed.  We have seen some on the other side of this debate disgracefully compare the attempt we are making--to ensure that the same disclosure laws that apply to you and me also apply to corporations--to the shameful effort in the 1950s and 1960s to keep African Americans from exercising their right to vote. There the chilling effect often took the form of violence. We all remember the bridge at Selma and the blood that was spilled in the long effort for voting rights that led to the Voting Rights Act. At a time when we are seeing a renewed effort to deny millions of Americans their right to vote through voter purges and voter ID laws that serve as modern-day poll taxes, the comparison some have made between our effort to bring sunlight and those evil days is as shameful as it is wrong.  When the race is on for secret money and election campaigns are won or lost by who can collect the largest amount of secret donations, it puts at risk government of, by, and for the people. Now, our ballots should be secret but not massive corporate campaign contributions.  I can tell you what I am fighting for. While too many Vermonters and other Americans are still looking for work, we need to continue looking for ways to spur job growth and economic investment in this country. We have to continue our efforts to increase jobs, reduce unemployment, and support hard-working American families struggling to keep food on the table and a roof over their heads. We have to protect Americans' access to clean air and clean water. We have to fight for their economic security by protecting Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. We need to work together to move forward with reasonable policies to bolster economic growth and development and by ending the Bush tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans--the tax cuts we cannot afford that contributed to the financial crisis facing us today.  That is what I am fighting for and I will keep on fighting for those things. What are the secret sources of funding for the super PACs fighting for? What do they expect to gain from hundreds of millions in campaign ads? And why are they hiding?  Vermont is a small State. It would not take more than a tiny fraction of the corporate money flooding the airwaves in other States to outspend all of our local candidates combined. I know that the people of Vermont, like all Americans, take seriously their civic duty to choose wisely on election day. That is why more than 60 Vermont towns passed resolutions on Town Meeting Day calling for action to address Citizens United. Like all Vermonters, I cherish the voters' role in the democratic process and am a staunch believer in the first amendment. The rights of Vermonters and all Americans to speak to each other and to be heard should not be undercut by corporate spending.  I hope that Republicans who have seen the impact of waves of unaccountable corporate campaign spending reconsider their filibuster of a debate on this important legislation. I hope Republican Senators will let us vote on the DISCLOSE Act and help us take an important step to ensure the ability of every American to be heard and to be able to meaningfully participate in free and fair elections.  Mr. President, I yield to Senator Whitehouse.  