Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I think it is unfortunate that we are having and will have the debate tonight on the largest single expenditure of the government of the United States, late at night with virtually no Members in attendance.  Further, it is unfortunate that as the bill moved forward, that there were two copies of the report on this bill available in the anteroom of the committee for the 435 Members of the Congress. If any Member wanted to attempt to develop an amendment, they could have gone down and sat in the anteroom and tried to pore through the hundreds of pages of the bill, because the amendments were due on Thursday and the reports were issued to the Members' offices today. I think that is equally unfortunate.  And what we can expect from that is that many vital issues will not get the scrutiny that they should have on the floor of the House of Representatives or in the Congress.  Procurement reform. No one can argue that the procurement system of the Pentagon works well. The scandals are still there. If it is not toilet seats, it is screwdrivers. If it is not screwdrivers, it is fasteners. If it is not fasteners, it is whole weapon systems that do not work.  These things should be adequately reviewed. But profits come before efficiency, or even come before national security, and certainly come before the troops.  We are not going to address effectively in this bill the fact that 15,000 enlisted families are eligible for food stamps in the military. The small across-the-board raise given in this bill is not going to boost those families up above that level.  We are not going to effectively address the much more cost-effective alternative of the National Guard as an alternative to full-time standing military for the defense needs of our country. We are still going to short the National Guard in this bill.  People say, well, there is not enough money to go around. Well, the Pentagon is spending a lot of time pushing some other big programs that are of dubious value, another generation of attack submarines. When the last one, Seawolf, was launched, a senior chief said, ``Now, if we could just find somebody to fight with.'' Well, now we are going to develop another generation of submarines, even more sophisticated, even though there are none as sophisticated as the last ones we are still launching.  We are still going to invest $3.8 billion in ballistic missile defense, some of it oriented toward theater defense to defend our troops, but some of it still following the fantasy launched by Star Wars $50 billion ago with not yet one successful test. There will be no amendments on that issue here on the floor of the House. There will be very little discussion of that issue here on the floor of the House.  These are things that deserve scrutiny. These are things that should have amendments oriented toward them. But the process that was adopted here, two reports available, amendments due by Thursday, reports issued today to Members, did not lead to that and the debate late at night does not either.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  The gentleman from Oregon, I know he is getting ready to leave the Chamber, but I think he needs to be aware, because he is probably going to be embarrassed by the fact that he was not, that hundreds of copies of the committee print were available a week ago Monday. Last Monday a week.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield?  Mr. McINNIS. I will not yield.  Mr. DeFAZIO. If the gentleman will yield.  Mr. McINNIS. I have not yielded.  