Chairman, this is an important issue before the House. A number of years ago, in the 1996 Budget Act, the demonstration program in the appropriations bill was extended to collect fees among the various Park Service, Forest Service, BLM and Fish and Wildlife Service units. The idea was to see if it was feasible, see if it could be done in a way that was accountable, see if it could be done in a way that would augment the scarce resources of these agencies for meritorious purposes, and then come back with a review. That review will come to the Congress, by law, next March. So next March, this Congress will receive a full accounting of the fee demonstrationprogram among the various units of the Federal Government, and there are problems with this program.  There is such a multiplicity of programs with exclusive and overlapping jurisdictions out there that, in my own home State, if you visit the Deschutes Forest and you buy a pass to park at the Deschutes Forest, you cannot use it next door in the Willamette Forest, and if you buy a parking pass in the Willamette Forest, you cannot use it in some parts of the Deschutes Forest. And if you buy a pass in the Deschutes Forest and the Willamette Forest, you cannot use it in the Siuslaw Forest. If you have one for the Siuslaw Forest, the Willamette Forest and the Deschutes Forest, you cannot use it at Crater Lake.  Now, this is going on in other people's districts and States throughout the West. People who live in rural areas, who live adjacent to forests, who live on in-holdings in forest, to park at a trail head have to pay $25.  It has also seen very steep increases in fees at various park units around the country. We have seen the fees go from $3 to $10 per person and $5 to $20 per person at Yosemite, $10 to $20 per vehicle at Yellowstone, and the list goes on.  We need to review this program. We are going to receive a report, the United States Congress will receive a report, on this unauthorized tax. Make no mistake about it. If you oppose this amendment, you are voting to continue a tax on millions of Americans who visit our public lands in the United States in a mishmash fashion with no accountability, for no purpose that you can actually discern in many cases, because the accounting at the Forest Service and other agencies is so poor.  Eighty percent of the money was supposed to go in the Forest Service last year. Fifty-three percent of the money collected went to administration, and they were not enforcing it and offering tickets last year. This year they are going to be writing tickets. There is going to be even more overhead expense in the program. This program needs to be reviewed. It needs to be properly authorized by the committees.  My amendment would not terminate the program, it would merely say that the appropriators, this bill, cannot extend for two years beyond 1999 into the next century this program without authorization.  I do not think it is too much to ask, that a tax like this levied upon millions of Americans recreating on their public lands be authorized by Congress, that we review it, that we have some accountability.  We will hear that some of the money, particularly in the Park Service, is being spent for meritorious things. That may well be true, but let us have a full accounting. Let us authorize it. Let us do it in a way so that you do not have to plaster your whole windshield with passes until you are peering through a little tiny slot there as you drive around the western United States and trying to figure out what additional passes you need to paste and which ones you are going to have to take off at 25 bucks a hit or more.  This is not a program that is well run. There is too much overlap, too much multiplicity, and it is very egregious upon people who live close to public lands.  So I would urge Members to vote for this amendment, which means you are voting simply to say we will receive a report in March, and then we will authorize or not authorize an extension of these fee programs. Maybe it will be authorized for the Park Service and not for the Forest Service, and maybe other restrictions will be placed on it. Maybe we will require intergovernmental or interagency agreements so people will only have to buy one or two passes, instead of five or ten different passes at a very, very high cost to them.  Mr. Chairman, I would hope that the committee might accept this amendment and decide that it would be wise to get this authorized before the tax is extended.  