Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes and 30 seconds.  Mr. Chairman, in disagreeing with my colleague, the gentleman from Oregon, first, public health and safety is fully protected under this amendment. Crop protection could go forward. What we are targeting is ineffective, lethal, indiscriminate predator control by what is now called the Wildlife Service, and it used to be called Animal Damage Control.  After 50 years, more than 50 years of their activity, there are more coyotes now than there were 50 years ago, because they are doing the wrong thing with their indiscriminate attack. We also have problems with rodents and ground squirrels and mice and all the other things that coyotes would predate upon, preferably to the larger livestock.  We should follow the example of Kansas. Kansas is not sucking up $1 million of Federal money, like a lot of our other Midwestern and western States. They have instituted a State program which uses non-lethal methods, education, uses guard dogs, uses a whole bunch of other methods, much more effectively than their neighboring State of Oklahoma, which has a big coyote problem, or Wyoming, which has only half the density of coyotes, but again, much more predation. Kansas is leading the Nation in this, and they are doing it without a large Federal subsidy. This is a subsidy. It is welfare.  In my own State of Oregon, $403,000 comes from the Federal Government, $270,00 from the State, and not a penny from the beneficiaries. Not one cent is spent on this predator control program by the beneficiaries. Who should be paying? Should the general fund taxpayers of the United States, should the general fund taxpayers of Oregon, or should those who benefit from the activities?  We are not saying they cannot conduct these activities when they have a problem at their own expense, on their own property. We are saying it should not be indiscriminate, it should not be broadcast all across the West, and it should not be done by Federal agents with a subsidy.  This has become a codependent welfare subsidy where Animal Damage Control, by the Wildlife Service, is forwarding their own jobs and their own prospects by inefficiently controlling the problem and not following the path which has been laid out by the Congress, which is in the past to say, lookat nonlethal alternatives, look at more effective alternatives, because you are losing your so-called war on predators here.  This is a taxpayer issue, it is an environmental issue. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.  