Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  The last statement was extraordinary. It is the Republican perception when they talk about American workers, they are talking about the CEO of a multinational company. That, to them, is the embodiment of the average American worker. When they talk about protecting American workers, they are talking also about the CEO of a giant agribusiness pharmaceutical company which produces bovine growth hormones.  They think it is great that the American people have to eat meat laced with bovine growth hormone and they will not even allow labeling of that so an American can know whether it is in the milk or in the meat, because there is a very wealthy guy running that company and they give lots of money to the Republican Party.  So we cannot even have labeling in this country, and now, what are we going to do? We are going to force the Europeans who have wisely said, we are not quite sure whether this stuff is safe, and we are not quite sure that we want our babies and our children to be ingesting beef and milk from cattle which have been laced with this experimental drug.  Now, they have passed a law to say that. We are saying, no, you cannot have those kinds of laws. Where did we go to get their law overturned? The same place where they are going to get our consumer protection laws overturned, our laws to protect American workers: the WTO, a secret tribunal which meets in secret, gives decisions in secret, produces no case, no law, no documents. They just make rulings, no conflict of interest rules at all.  Now, is this the American way? When I asked the past American Trade Representative, how can we bind ourselves to that kind of process? He said, well, you have got to understand, these other countries in this organization, they do not believe in our system of jurisprudence, they do not believe in open courts, they do not believe in open arguments, any of that.  So, now we have set up a system where the multinationals are always going to win, and sometimes it will be U.S.-based multinational: Chiquita, Monsanto, any other times they will be European-based multinationals. But the losers will always be the consumers and the workers.  