Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, we are a country with a rule of law; and few things are more sacred under a rule of law than contracts. I always hate and hesitate to disagree with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster), my esteemed chairman, but I have got to disagree in this matter of how the airport was delegated and what authority the Federal Government retained.  It is quite clear. We gave them a 50-year minimum term lease, interpreted by most courts as being akin to ownership. We give them full power and dominion over and complete discretion in operation and development, development, of the airport. Not just operation, but development. And they shall have the same proprietary powers and be subject to the same restrictions with respect to Federal law as any other airport, which goes to some of the earlier arguments.  We did say this will be treated as any other airport in the United States. That is, we are not recognizing nor continuing the Federal authority to wade in and change the name or something else that we do not like, unless they violate the term of the lease.  The agreement went on to say that it would not be subject to the requirements of any law solely by reason of the retention of the United States Government of the fee simple title.  In paragraph after paragraph, principle after principle, we gave control toa local authority, a local authority that is doing an admirable job in improving a facility which was outdated and undersized for current demands. They have created a beautiful new gateway to the Nation's capital at Washington National.  But now we are saying, well, we are all for local control, except when we disagree with the conclusions reached by majorities of local boards. I mean, we are either for it or we are against it. We stand on, I believe, no legal ground here.  If Congress does make this empty gesture today in passing this legislation and it becomes law, surely, as Congress has twice before in recent history, Congress will lose in the courts. Like it or not, we signed a 50-year contract. Contracts are sacred under the Constitution in this country. And, as I said earlier, we are also violating the spirit of one of the principles with which, and I think Ronald Reagan made some good changes in this country, and that is some of the movement back from a huge centralized Federal bureaucracy to local governments.  Mr. Chairman, I was a county commissioner at the time; and I agreed with the principle that he set forward. I disagreed with the fact that he took away all of our revenue-sharing money to carry out some of those duties. But I felt the principle was good, that the solutions that work in New York do not necessarily work in Springfield and Eugene, Oregon; and the Federal Government did not necessarily have the best handle on how to solve the problems of Eugene, Oregon, nor the people of New York.  We need here just to rein it in a little bit. Yes, his birthday is coming up Friday. But, just think, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have already honored the President by naming the largest, newest, most expensive Federal building in the United States of America in terms of square feet outside of the Pentagon for Ronald Reagan. There is an aircraft carrier which will be launched in the year 2000 which will be named for Ronald Reagan. There are many other things which do not have names which could be named for Ronald Reagan, the B-1 bomber which he was a great champion of and Star Wars, for instance.  So I believe that rather than removing the name of the first President of our country, usurping the control which we granted by sacred contract to a local board, that Congress would be better served today to approve this amendment and say if the local board agrees and the local communities agree, we will go forward. But if they do not, this renaming will not go forward; and Congress will choose, in its full authority in cases that are fully clear, fully within our dominion, to name other things as the majority so wishes.  Mr. Chairman, I really want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Davis) for offering this amendment, which I offered in committee; and I particularly want to thank the other gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), who actually first brought this issue to my attention and the attention of my staff several weeks ago in saying that this was causing a local fire storm.  I mean, this is against the desires of local communities, local business, and the duly appointed local authority to whom Congress has given local control and dominion. This is not an appropriate tribute. This amendment should be adopted; then it becomes an appropriate tribute.  