 Mr. Speaker, the Republican majority is in a big hurry to go home and spend the piles of campaign cash that they have raked in from special interests as a reward for all the legislation they have killed in this Congress.  First they killed campaign finance reform, essential if they could rake in the money and spend it. They killed tobacco legislation. A lot of money coming there. And then they killed, outrageously, patients' rights, something that millions of Americans are demanding, are being oppressed by HMOs, they killed that. Guess what? A lot of money coming in from the insurance industry. Then a couple of environmental laws, the Clean Water Act, Endangered Species Act and others. Yes, they are in a big hurry to go home. It is a lot of work killing legislation that would benefit millions of Americans, at the behest of a few wealthy special interests, while pretending to serve the majority of people in this country. They are in such a hurry after 107 days of work. As of today the average American has worked 200 days. Congress has worked 107. They have not got their job done.  Now they want to pass legislation funding the majority of Federal programs and not allow Members of Congress time to read it. They say it is so essential we get done and we get home. Why? Why can we not have one or two extra days to read the thousands of pages of legislation they are about to try and jam down our throats?  I think it is going to be because of what is in there, all sorts of special pork. We know they are going to stuff it full of pork, and what is not in there? There is not going to be funding, if they have their way, for education. They are not going to fulfill the President's program on school construction, new teachers, smaller class sizes. There is not going to be patient protection. There is not going to be a summer youth program. There is not even going to be low-income heating assistance for senior citizens.  No, that is right. They do not want us to read it. They do not want us to debate it. They want to jam it down, go home and then start running all their ads with the huge amount of money they have raked in from the few special interests they represent.  