Speaker, impeachment of a sitting President is one of the gravest responsibilities and powers given to the Congress by the Constitution. Once it is undertaken it will throw the nation into turmoil and paralyze Congress and the Executive branch for months on end. As Alexander Hamilton wrote in the Federalist Papers, ``[Impeachment] will seldom fail to agitate the passions of the whole community, and to divide it into parties more or less friendly or inimical to the accused.'' Impeachment is, in effect, the repudiation of a popular election. It is a constitutional last resort and should not be undertaken lightly or in a partisan manner.  There is no question that President Clinton's behavior has been outrageous, reckless and offensive. He lied to the American people and offered misleading and possibly perjurious testimony in a civil trial and a grand jury proceeding. These are not trivial matters. The question is whether they warrant the constitutional remedy of impeachment.  When I began serving in this office, I took an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States. In order to understand and fulfill my constitutional duty, I have studied the writings of the framers of our Constitution, as well as the opinions of many noted legal and constitutional scholars. If the President's misdeeds meet the constitutional standard for impeachment, my oath of office would oblige me to vote for his impeachment regardless of my party affiliation. However, if my best judgment is that his offenses do not cross the constitutional threshold, I owe it to the Constitution, to history and to my own conscience to vote against his impeachment.  The Constitution states that impeachment is to be used only in the case of ``treason, bribery and other high crimes and misdemeanors.'' Treason and bribery are unambiguous and represent serious abuses of the office of President and direct attacks on our nation and the integrity our constitutional system of government. By adding ``other high crimes and misdemeanors,'' the framers of our Constitution knowingly chose a phrase that had been in use in English impeachment trials for nearly 400 years. ``High crimes and misdemeanors'' was historically understood to refer to serious official misconduct and abuse of the powers of government by the King or one of his officers. This is clearly the meaning the framers intended.  Alexander Hamilton characterized impeachable offenses as ``political'' actions that involve ``injuries done to society itself.'' George Mason stated that high crimes and misdemeanors are ``attempts to subvert the Constitution.'' Impeachment is the constitutional remedy for gross abuse of the official powers of the President's office or, in the case of bribery, criminal actions in the pursuit of official power. Crimes that do not rise to this level are not impeachable, but can be prosecuted in criminal or civil court. (It is not clear whether the Constitution would allow the President to be prosecuted in criminal court while in office, but there is no doubt that he can be prosecuted after his term expires.)  Constitutional scholars all agree that the framers of the Constitution did not want a President to be impeached simply because a majority of members of Congress disagreed with his policies or found his morals repugnant. We do not have a parliamentary system of government where a Prime Minister can be removed from office at any time. A strong and independent Presidence is vital to our constitutional order.  I have maintained an open mind throughout the Independent Counsel's investigation and the Judiciary Committee's hearings. I was prepared to consider any new evidence or charges brought forth by Mr. Starr or the Committee. As you know, Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr has spent nearly five years and more than $50 million investigating this President. His original charge was to investigate a dubious real estate deal that happened before Mr. Clinton became President. Mr. Starr has produced no evidence of wrongdoing in theWhitewater matter. At least 15 congressional committees as well as the Federal Bureau of Investigation have undertaken their own investigations of Whitewater, ``Filegate,'' the administration's campaign finance activities, and assorted other allegations of official wrongdoing by this President and his administration. But in the end, we are left with one charge and one charge only: that the President has a private, consensual sexual affair and lied about it.  The House Judiciary Committee alleges that the President committed perjury. Perjury is a very serious matter. However, it is far from clear whether the President's misleading testimony in the Paula Jones civil suit or before a grand jury fit within the law's narrow definition of perjury. Even if it can be proved that the President committed perjury, the question remains whether perjury about a private sexual affair is in the same league as treason, bribery or other gross abuses of the official powers of the office of the President. In the final analysis, I am forced to conclude that it is not and will vote against impeachment in the House.  If the Independent Counsel believes he has a strong legal case against the President, he can and should bring criminal charges against Mr. Clinton. Nothing in the Constitution prevents that outcomes. But impeachment is not only inappropriate in this case, it is profoundly damaging to the Constitution and our nation's interests.  This has been a sad chapter in our nation's history and it's not over yet. As Alexander Hamilton predicted, it has aroused intense and passionate partisan feelings. In fact, I have received more mail, e-mail and phone calls on this matter than on any other issue during my tensure in office. It is safe to say that no matter how it ends, it will leave a lasting mark on our democracy.  