Speaker, Member after Member has risen on the other side and said the President should not be above the law. He is not. Ken Starr is free to prosecute the President, indict him, perhaps while in office, but definitely after.  It is not ordinary criminal or civil law in question in this debate, it is Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution regarding impeachment. Impeachment is a special punishment reserved for the President of the United States and other Federal civil officers.  The founders set an incredibly high bar for impeachment. Constitutional scholars all agree, the framers of the Constitution did not want a President to be impeached simply because a majority of the Members of Congress disagreed with his policies or found his morals repugnant.  The Republican majority has not raised and proven offenses that meetthose standards. Rather they have met the standards met by Gerald Ford 25 years ago. He said an impeachable offense is anything 218 Members of the House will vote for.  That is an unconstitutional and cynical standard. The alternative of censure would serve as well in this matter. A near unanimous House could deliver a stinging and historic rebuke to the President with a motion of censure, and we will be denied that vote, and we are denied sufficient time to speak on the floor.  Member after Member on the Republican side has stood to plead the force of law--that no citizen no matter how powerful should be above the law.  There is total agreement on that point. The President should not be above the law for purposes of criminal prosecution. Mr. Starr is free to attempt to indict the President for criminal wrongdoing--if not while the President sits in office he could certainly be prosecuted in 2 years after leaving office.  It is not ordinary criminal or civil law in question during this debate. The law that binds the House of Representatives in this proceeding is the Constitution of the United States article 2 Section 4 regarding Impeachment for ``Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.''  Impeachment is a special punishment reserved for the President and other federal civil officers.  The Founders set an incredibly high bar for impeachment: At the time of the Constitutional Convention, ``High Crimes and Misdemeanors'' had 400 years of precedent in English law--it meant serious official misconduct and abuse of the powers of the government by the King or one of his officers.  Alexander Hamilton characterized impeachable offenses as ``political'' actions that involve injuries done to the society itself. George Mason spoke of ``attempts to subvert the Constitution.''  Constitutional Scholars all agree that the framers of the Constitution did not want a President to be impeached simply because a majority of Members of Congress disagreed with his policies or found his morals repugnant. We do not have a parliamentary system of government where a Prime Minister can be removed from office at any time. A strong and independent Presidency is vital to our Constitutional order.  Now the leaders of the Republican majority have puffed up with a booming voice much like the puny wizard in the Wizard of Oz in an attempt to raise the President's outrageous, reckless and morally offensive behavior to the level of High Crimes and Misdemeanors. He lied to the American people and offered misleading and possibly perjurious testimony in a civil trial and a grand jury proceeding. These are not trivial matters. The question is simply whether the special Constitutional remedy of impeachment should be invoked for these particular offenses.  The Wizards on the other side have puffed up these offenses to Abuse of Power and Obstruction of Justice, and Perjury in their Articles of Impeachment.  The Republican Majority has not raised and proven offenses that meet the standards set by our founders. Rather they have met the standard uttered by Former President Ford a quarter of Century ago--that impeachable offenses are whatever 218 Members of the House of Representatives say they are. That is an incredibly cynical and unconstitutional standard, yet that is what is revealed when we rip the curtain of puffery from the rhetoric of the other side.  The Alternative of Censure would serve us well in this matter. A near unanimous House could deliver a stinging and historic rebuke to the President with a motion of censure.  But, after cutting the Constitutional legs out from under standards for impeachment the Republican leaders would have the House believe that the Constitution's silence on the issue of Censure means it is Constitutionally barred from consideration. It is not Constitutionally barred it is politically precluded because the Republican leaders feared that had the option of censure been before this House along with the option of impeachment Censure would have garnered more support.  The procedures followed in bringing these Articles of Impeachment to the floor at this time, in this manner with no option for censure are abuse of power by the leaders of the Majority. This is a tragic day in the history of the United States House of Representatives and a tragic turn of events for our sacred system of government. The repercussions will reverberate in our society for decades to come.  