Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, in response to the previous speaker, yes, taxes are high today on the American people. But they are highest because of the high FICA taxes on Social Security. More than half of American workers pay more in FICA taxes than they do in income taxes to the Federal Government.  The wealthy are paying a rate of taxes less than 50 percent of what the gentleman talked about in those years. Less than 50 percent. That is what this bill is all about today: the wealthy and the powerful. Not about middle income people, not about working people who are paying more in FICA taxes than they are income taxes.  We should be considering real reform today here on the floor of the House. The Tax Code could be reformed. It could be a lot simpler so people do not have to hire accountants. And if we make it simpler, we are going to cut out a lot of those loopholes and special interest tax breaks. That would be real reform.  We could have the IRS reform, the Taxpayer Bill of Rights that passed the House of Representatives last year which is held up by a Republican majority in the Senate for some strange reason. That would be real reform.  We could middle income tax relief. That would be real reform. Expand the Earned Income Tax Credit to get people working and not confiscate taxes from people who earn below the poverty level. That would be real reform.  But, no, what that is about today is quite simple. The Republicans are trotting out their same old tired, bait-and-switch constitutional amendment. It should be called ``The Special Interest Loophole and Deficit Promotion Act.'' It is not targeted toward average Americans.  What are the Republican majority afraid of? Are they afraid that they are going to raise taxes on average Americans, so that they want to require a two-thirds vote in the House of Representatives? I do not think so.  What they are afraid of is that the outrage, and there is real outrage that the previous gentleman spoke about, among the American people that they are being screwed because the wealthy, the large corporations and the foreign corporations are not paying their fair share, that that might sink in with the American people and they might demand real reform. They are afraid that they will not be able to protect their corporate and special interest sponsors here on the floor of the House from a real grass roots movement to reform the Tax Code.  Foreign corporations in this country, 73 percent of the foreign corporations operating in America pay no Federal income taxes because of a very generous loophole provided in our Federal Tax Code not provided by any of our competitor Nations. Won here, a gift to foreign corporations. It is beyond me why we cannot close that loophole and raise $15 billion a year from foreign corporations that make money in this country by just asking that they pay at the same pathetic rate that American corporations pay.  But, no. We allow them to pay zero. Nothing. And under this bill that will never change, because it requires two-thirds vote here on the floor of the House to require foreign corporations to begin to pay income taxes, maybe so we could provide income tax relief to middle income Americans.  U.S. multinationals use the same loophole to get around taxes. We have the pharmaceutical industry, a real darling. We have noticed the reasonable price of pharmaceuticals in this country. $3 billion tax loophole because they say all of our profits are made in Puerto Rico where we do not have to pay taxes, and all of our losses and development costs are here in the United States of America where we sell the drugs at inflated prices to the same people who are paying high taxes.  Now, that would be real reform but, no, we are going to protect against reforming and closing that loophole by this amendment.  Accelerated depreciation, the biggest loophole in the Tax Code. It would be nice if average Americans could get that. Eastman Kodak paid an average of 17.3 percent on their products last year. American Home Products, 15.6 percent on $4.2 billion of earnings. And Allied Signal, 10.7 percent on $3.4 billion of earnings.  It would be nice if a teacher working full-time could pay taxes to the Federal Government at the rate of 10.7 percent like Allied Signal did with their tax loophole. But that will never happen in the Republicans' world if this amendment passes. We will never close those loopholes. We will never provide that tax relief to average Americans.  This is not about wage earners. It is not about the middle-class. It is about the wealthy. It is about the people who have written the special interest loophole-ridden Tax Code that we have today, and it is about desperate attempts to protect those special interest loopholes against a real revolt by the American taxpayers.  Mr. Speaker, it is time to send this phony amendment packing as we have three or four times previously, and to take up real reform on the floor of the House with a simple majority. Close the tax loopholes; make the special interests, make the foreign corporations, make others pay their fair share, and give the American workers the tax relief they deserve.  