Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I would agree with the previous speaker in the well that we do need a comprehensive approach, but we are always told, this is not the time.  The IMF fund has been languishing without replenishment from this Congress because many of us have genuine concerns about the activities of the IMF, and now we are being told we are in a crisis, we have to fund it. We have been told that for months now. We are in a crisis, we must fund it, but do not worry, we will reform it after we give them another $18 billion when they do not need us for another couple of years. Well, we know what will happen. Nothing will happen. This has gone on time and time again.  The same thing here with the Economic Stabilization Fund. It is always the wrong time to deal with this issue, we are being told. The Secretary of the Treasury said, we are confronted with large, fast-moving financial markets. He is right, and we need to do something about hot money going around the globe, attacking everybody's currency and destroying economies so a few people on Wall Street or in London or some other financial center can get filthy, stinking rich. But we are not dealing with that. It is not time to deal with that. Just pump some more money into the existing system so that they can continue to become incredibly wealthy, but do not worry, some day we will deal with it.  There are things we could do immediately. The U.S. could take steps through the World Bank with conditions upon additional money to the IMF to deal with hot money, requiring other nations around the world to put in place steps to deal with hot money. The Tobin tax, a tiny tax on this hot money moving in and out of countries, billions of dollars in a single day, just putting a tiny tax on that could fund all of the activities of the IMF, all of the activities of the World Bank, dampen speculation, and stop tapping the taxpayers of the United States to pay for all of the bailouts of all of these wealthy people, these speculators around the world.  That is what this debate is about here on the floor. It is not about the stability of the United States dollar.  This amendment leaves the President total authority to use that $29 billion any way he wishes to support the United States dollar or to devalue the United States dollar, as was done recently by an intervention by the United States Treasury. That is still here. Although we have had people rise here on the floor and say, this would impinge upon the capability; it would not. All it says is one cannot lend the money directly, one cannot go around the Congress.  How did we get into this debate? Because the President was going to come to the Congress for $8 billion for Mexico, they counted heads and found out under those conditions there were not a majority of Members in the House of Representatives who wanted to use $8 billion of taxpayer money to bail out the Mexican speculators, both Mexican and U.S. speculators who were in there getting incredible rates of return; 50, 100 percent rate of return on short-term investments, and they wanted all of their capital back, too. They had already made 100 percent profit, but they wanted the capital back.  When Congress was a little reluctant to do that, concerned that we ask the speculators to take a hit, not just the people of Mexico and not just the taxpayers of the United States, the Secretary of the Treasury went and took the money out of the Economic Stabilization Fund, without the authority of the Congress. They say that they can do that.  We are just trying to say now that we want to renew the provisions we put in effect 3 years ago that says, if they are going to take more than $250 million out of the Economic Stabilization Fund, our money as United States citizens, that if it is going to be for purposes other than defending or supporting or weakening the United States dollar, as is seen fit by the Secretary of the Treasury and the President, that they get prior authorization from Congress. That is not going to threaten our troops in Korea. It is not going to threaten the stability of Israel in the case of a war. It is not going to cause all of this economic calamity. What it would do is begin to force people to reform this system.  