  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Democratic alternative and in opposition to the open-ended Republican resolution of inquiry.  Mr. Speaker, the question of impeaching a sitting President has only come before the House of Representatives three times in our nation's history. There's a very good reason this has happened so seldom. Our nation's founders deliberately set very high standards for impeachment in order to spare the nation the trauma of such an inherently divisive debate and to maintain a strong and independent Presidency. At a time like this, we all have a responsibility to rise above party politics and short term political considerations. We are not just debating the fate of this President. We are setting precedents that will have a profound and long-lasting effect on our constitutional system of government.  The issue before the House today is whether we will initiate a lengthy and open-ended impeachment inquiry that will paralyze our government and throw this nation into a prolonged constitutional crisis, or whether we will demand a focused and speedy resolution of this matter. After carefully considering the evidence so far produced by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, I have concluded that the nation's interests are best served by an impeachment inquiry that is thorough, but focused--comprehensive, but promptly concluded.  This debate is already preventing Congress from addressing important issues facing the nation--including issues like the future of Social Security, health care reform and improving our educational system. There is no profit to the people of the United States in a drawn-out impeachment debate that could go on for another year or more. We have the information we need to conclude this matter by the end of this year. The Republican leadership should work with Democratic leaders to make that happen.  President Clinton's behavior has been outrageous, reckless and morally offensive. He flatly lied to the American people and may have committed perjury in a civil lawsuit. Mr. Starr also alleges that the President obstructed justice and otherwise abused his office.  Reasonable people can differ over whether these charges--if true--constitute the kind of offenses that warrant the national trauma of impeachment. For that reason, if for no other, I believe the Judiciary Committee should consider the evidence brought forward by the Independent Counsel, as well as any new evidence he sees fit to refer to us, and decidewithout delay whether to forward articles of impeachment to the House. But I strongly disagree with the delay tactics and the blatantly unfair and partisan approach adopted by Republican leaders--a strategy aimed more at improving their party's election prospects than at promoting the national interest.  Impeachment of a President is not a matter for Congress to take lightly or use for narrow partisan purposes. By its very nature, impeachment repudiates the will of the people as expressed in a popular election. it severely undermines the separation of powers, which is at the core of our system of government. And in the long term, it would weaken not only the office of the President, but the nation's strength and prestige in international affairs.  For those reasons and others, I oppose the Republican leadership's drawn-out and open-ended impeachment inquiry proposal and will vote today in favor of the alternative: a prompt and focused impeachment inquiry aimed at resolving this crisis and putting these issues behind us, one way or another.  