 Mr. Chairman, this country has been rocked by the outbreak of violent shootings and the senseless loss of life in our schools this past year. My hometown of Springfield, OR is still struggling with the pain and devastation of one of those shootings. Like my friends and neighbors, I've looked for answers and solutions to these tragic events. It's clear there's no single, or simple, solutions to prevent these acts from re-occurring when school starts in the fall. But the circumstances around the Springfield incident has focused attention on a shortcoming in current law.  When a student takes a gun to school, it should set-off alarm bells. Someone should take a look at that student's life and see what would be causing that type of behavior, but instead, police officers are asked to make a judgment call about the youth's state of mind and determine whether, or not, they pose a threat to themselves or the community. But may law enforcement officials don't want that discretion. Many law enforcement officials feel these students should be detained and evaluated by a professional before being released back into the community.  Bobby Moody, President of the International Association of Chiefs of Police wrote, ``As recent events have shown, a mechanism must be developed which temporarily pulls children found with guns out of the school system so that a thorough psychological examination can be performed to determine the danger such a child presents to others.''  Paul Barnett, President of the Oregon State Sheriff's Association wrote, ``Oregon's recent tragedy in Springfield has been a devastating and unnecessary reminder of the urgent need for new legislation to address the obvious inadequacies of our current policy regarding school violence. Over 100 Oregon students were caught bringing guns to school last year, each representing the potential for yet another tragedy. Oregon State Sheriff's Association urges the U.S. Congress to act quickly to deliver this important tool to communities and schools throughout the nation by providing incentives to states willing to implement the provisions of the 72 hour hold legislation.''  And Springfield Mayor Bill Morrisette wrote, ``I recently attended a debriefing conference in Memphis, TN convened by Mayor Jimmy Foster of Pearl, MS and attended by representatives of Paduca, KY, Jonesboro and Stgamps, AK, Edinboro, PA and Keokuk, IA. It was the consensus that the 72-hour mandatory holdingperiod for guns on school campuses was a necessary first step. If we don't even allow joking about having a weapon in an airport, why should we give a kid a slap on the wrist for bringing a gun to school.''  Guns in schools is too common. A study of the Department of Education on implementation of the Gun-Free-Schools Act found that more than 6,000 students were expelled for bringing a firearm to school in the 1996-97 school year. Thirty-four percent of those students were in junior high school, and nine percent were in elementary school. Communities want and need more tools and resources to deal with these situations.  This amendment is not a panacea, and we can't second guess what would have happened if this law had been in effect and Kip Kinkle had been detained and evaluated by a judge rather than released into the community. But, this law would give local law enforcement officials one more tool to use to reduce the incidence of gun violence in our schools.  