Speaker, I am a bit puzzled by this debate. If I listened correctly to the other side, they are saying that all of the fees in this resolution are unwarranted.  Now, I guess I would be puzzled that they are saying that with regard to bank examination fees. Are they saying that the depositors who are getting miserable rates of interest and paying exorbitant credit card fees to the bank should also pay for the Federal regulation of the banks, or are they saying there should be no Federal regulation of the banks, like we tried with the savings and loan industry during the Reagan era?  There is a fee for the registration of pesticides. Are they saying that the American people, average taxpayers, should pay for the evaluation of and the registration of the safety of pesticides, or are they saying we should have a pesticide industry that is totally unregulated by the Federal Government, creating and applying whatever it wants, wherever it wants, however it wants, and putting it in our water supply?  I do not believe even the Republicans want to repeal those fees, nor do they believe average working Americans should pay fees for the profits of the pesticide industry or should pay fees for the profits of the banking industry.  But even beyond that, I am extraordinarily puzzled by the inclusion of one of the most onerous fees to come out of Congress and the administration, in my opinion, in the last five years, and that is the fee for those of us who live in the West. Any time we want to drive on, park on, or recreate in our federally owned forests and BLM lands, we have to pay a fee.  Now, the gentleman from New York is always fond of calling us to our consistency and talking about our past votes. I would like to know how the gentleman from New York voted on the two bills that created this fee, both passed by a Republican majority.  H.R. 3019, the balanced budget down payment act, April 25, 1996, I believe the gentleman voted for it, although he would say perhaps he opposed that part. And I believe again the gentleman in all probability voted for H.R. 3610, the Interior appropriations conference report, which I opposed.  Both of those bills created this onerous fee. They came from the proposal of the honorable gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) in this House of Representatives. This is an incredibly onerous fee on the people of the western United States, created by a Republican Congress, passed by a Republican Congress, never having been authorized by the committee on which I sit. That is an outrageous fee. So let us have some consistency around here.  