Speaker, the Republican-led House of Representatives is about to do something that is nearly unique in our nation's history. It is about to cast a party line vote to impeach a President of the opposite party against the will of the majority of the American people. The Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Henry Hyde, said at the beginning of this process that impeachment must be bipartisan in order to be legitimate. Well, Mr. Speaker, this process is the furthest thing from bipartisan. Every vote in the Judiciary Committee was along party lines, and the final votes on articles of impeachment will almost certainly be party line votes, as well. This sorry chapter in the nation's history creates a new gold standard for partisanship--a standard that will be hard to beat in the decades to come.  But this impeachment drive is illegitimate for other, more fundamental reasons: the charges brought against the President by House Republican leaders are not only lacking in merit, they are not the kind of high crimes and misdemeanors that warrant impeachment. Chairman Hyde has painted his crusade in moral terms--he claims to be upholding the rule of law. The rule of law is not at risk here, but the Constitution is. The Constitution reserves impeachment for treason, bribery and other high crimes and misdemeanors. It does not say fornication, adultery and other high crimes and misdemeanors. Nor does it say perjury, evasiveness and other high crimes and misdemeanors. These are misdeeds that have other remedies under the law. Calling them impeachable offenses demeans the Constitution and undermines our system of government.  And finally, Mr. Speaker, this impeachment is illegitimate because it is taking place in a Congress that the voters have rejected. In the election just six weeks ago, the American people made clear their distaste for impeachment. Many of the members of this House who will vote today lost their elections last month--in many cases their support for impeachment was one of the issues that led their constituents to reject their candidacy. Yet those verymembers are here today supporting impeachment and violating the will of the voters who turned them out of office.  Mr. Speaker, I expect to hear a rising clamor of calls for the President to resign. That would be an even greater disaster for our democracy than this partisan proceeding has been. Having voted--however illegitimately--for impeachment, the nation, the Constitution and the President deserve a trial in the Senate. We must determine once and for all whether these charges are grave enough to warrant impeachment. And these unproven charges must be judged. The President is innocent until proven guilty, and Chairman Hyde and his colleagues have not made their case.  