Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Chairman, we have been told by the other side that it is absolutely unnecessary to have this amendment because the United States Government has never used the power of the courts to preempt State and local laws, and it will never do that.  Well, if that is the case, then why do they not just accept the amendment? This only limits the expenditure of funds for the Federal Government to take local and State governments to court when their laws are found to be inconsistent with NAFTA and GATT, international trade agreements, not the Constitution of the United States.  Of course the Federal Government can sue if it violates the Constitution of the United States, but only in the case where their local laws, their local preference, violates the terms of an international trade agreement, which will be decided by secret tribunals overseas. If that is what is before us, they should then accept the amendment.  Further, we have the statement in 1986 of the Justice Department under President Ronald Reagan concluding that State and local laws and anti-apartheid laws were constitutional under the market participation doctrine. They go on to say, the Supreme Court has distinguished, quite properly, between the exercise of proprietary powers and regulatory powers. The Court has shielded proprietary actions from the strictures of the Commerce Clause. State divestment statutes represent, we believe, an exercise of proprietary power.  That goes to the arguments of the gentleman earlier. These are constitutional. This is what our country is all about, it is what it is founded on. Our local and State jurisdictions should be able to express their values in expending the dollars of their taxpayers. That is what this is about.  The largest city in my State, Portland, has imposed restrictions on purchases regarding Burma because of the drug smuggling from Burma, because of the oppression in Burma, because of the fact that they had an election which was won by an 80 percent margin and they refused to recognize it. They are saying something must be done.  We have a bunch of people in the White House, and apparently even here, unwilling to take stern action against Burma, but at least a few cities will stand up for the rights of those people. And that is the way it should be. We should not be threatening them because they are saying you are violating the WTO. You know, those butchers running Myanmar are in fact compliant with WTO, and you cannot do that to them. They are compliant.  That is absurd. What we need to do here tonight is adopt this amendment and just say in one case and one case only the Federal Government cannot spend these funds. But if it is unconstitutional, fine, they can go to court. But if it is to take a local jurisdiction to court merely because the bureaucrats at the WTO or the bureaucrats who are making the decisions in NAFTA, or Charlene Barshefsky, a former foreign agent, now our Trade Representative, says so, that is not the way this country should be run.  