Speaker, this is a very perilous path we tread. No one knows where this will lead, this vaguely worded amendment, not even the most well-intentioned supporter. There are more unanswered questions than there are answered questions.  There is a presumption of whose religion it will be, and that presumption even goes further. It is a presumption that it will be a Christian religion, and it is a presumption on the part of many that it will be their form of Christian religion. That is not set by this. It can be any cult claiming to be a religion.  Mr. Speaker, that happened to my State. We have a 20-day voter cutoff in our State because a cult, the Rajneeshis, tried to take over a school board, and we were afraid they would bus people in from outside the State to take over that school board and impose their cult on the children of that rural town. That would be allowed under this amendment.  We will fight a pitched battle, community by community, county by county, State by State, over where the tax dollars will flow because this allows tax dollars to flow to private religious activities and institutions. And some support that. Despite the desperate straits of our public schools, some support that.  But, guess what? This amendment also in all probability allows for the first time in our history the taxing of religious institutions. Now, I think many who support the tax dollars for private religious schools will be aghast when they receive a tax bill for their previously-exempt institutions.  There are those who are proposing that somehow this is an answer to the violence in our schools. I live in Springfield, Oregon. No one is closer today to that question than I am. And those who bring forward the simplistic answer that if we only had had an established prayer in that school, a very conservative town that I live in, that we would not have had that violence, that is an insult.  Mr. Speaker, this is a complex problem which goes to many things. This is not a simple solution. It raises more problems than it answers, and it potentially threatens the stability of this Nation.  Do we want to be Bosnia? Do we want to be Northern Ireland? Do we want to be India and Pakistan and have a nuclear war over religious issues? Vote no on this amendment.  