Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  It is extraordinary to me that we are engaged in a debate here today where the majority party is going to break a sacred lease with local government and violate one of the principles of Ronald Reagan's tenure in office, which is local control, to remove things from the awesome bureaucracy of Washington, D.C. and get them back down to the local level.  It was Ronald Reagan who signed the agreement which gave the compact to the District of Columbia and the State of Virginia, and it is an extraordinary document. It is one of the most comprehensive lease agreements you have ever seen. And actually he was right, because they have done things that I am sure the Federal Government and Congress never could have done in terms of developing that beautiful terminal at Washington National Airport. The investment that has gone in there would not have gone forward had it remained totally under Federal control, given the lack of interest in this Congress, which is also a scandal, in the infrastructure of this country.  But back to the issue at hand: This legislation would preempt, probably illegally and probably actually is doomed to lose in court should it be challenged, the authority, the full authority, the full control, the dominion, for the use, the development of this airport, extraordinary terms in a 50-year lease. Fifty-year leases are akin to ownership. In the courts they are interpreted that way. And yet Congress now is going to wade back in, the Republican majority, in order to rush through something for Ronald Reagan's birthday. They cannot wait for the Nimitz class aircraft carrier. They can't be happy with the largest Federal building in the world outside of the Pentagon. And we could rename the Pentagon, if they so chose, and I would probably support that.  Mr. Chairman, to preempt the name of George Washington, the Father of the Country, the first President, from this airport, it is extraordinary to not only violate the principles set down by Ronald Reagan, that is local control, local authority, a legal and binding contract and lease agreement signed by Ronald Reagan, endorsed by the Congress, which now Congress is attempting to usurp, and to remove the name from the airport of the Father of our Country, the first President of our country. It is extraordinary, and it is no way to honor Ronald Reagan or his principles, despite our many disagreements. I think this is a disservice to your greatest living President.  