Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, some Members might remember the rather confusing battle of the Fazio-DeFazio amendments last year. Unfortunately we will be deprived of that confusion in the future with the retirement of the gentleman from California. But the issue over which we disagreed will be before the Congress in future years. I have concerns in the way it is presented in the report language here. I decided to forgo an amendment this year since we are in limbo on the Animas-La Plata project; that is, it is not determined how or if it will go forward and in what form, so I decided not to come to the floor this year with an amendment to delete the funds. But what we find in the bill is language that says they should go ahead post haste with an alternative, whatever that might be, which of course is not authorized by law. Perhaps it would be the alternative advocated by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. McInnis) who represents that district who has a bill, H.R. 3478, which has not even yet had a hearing. I think it would be most unusual and probably illegal for the Bureau of Reclamation to begin a project which has not even had a hearing in Congress, let alone being authorized. I would suggest that that language in the report should be, and probably will be, ignored by the administration.  The point here, this project was not justifiable, the massive amount of money. It was being sold as settling the legitimate claims of the Ute Indian tribe. However, it was much, much more than that, many hundreds of millions of dollars more, and it was not going to deliver water to that tribe. So some alternatives have been proposed. No one has as of yet authorized any of those alternatives. One called Animas-La Plata Lite is favored by the gentleman who represents the district, but it has not been heard, it has not been voted on, it is not law, and you cannot lawfully spend money on that project.  There are other alternatives that have been proposed. At some point, the committee of jurisdiction on which I sit, the authorizing committee, is going to have to hold hearings, puzzle through the potential alternatives, and come up with a solution which settles the legitimate claims of that tribe and protects the taxpayers at the same time. I do not believe we quite have that formula before us.  Mr. Chairman, I am rising just to point out this language in the report. Since the language would order the Bureau to do something which is illegal, I assume that the language will not be quite worth the paper it is printed on. I look forward to future discussion of this issue in committee and on the floor of the House as we move forward to authorizing a fair and just settlement but something which also protects the Federal Treasury.  