President, I thank the Senator from Colorado for his excellent remarks. Both of us share the goal that all Americans share for our children--making sure they get a healthy diet. For many children, it is so critical that the School Lunch and School Breakfast Programs provide that diet.  Unfortunately, in many ways USDA's rule does not comply with the dietary guidelines which recognize that Americans of all ages tend to be short on two particular nutrients, potassium and fiber, and potatoes are abundant in providing those.  When we think of potassium, most of us think of bananas. In fact, as this chart shows, a potato actually has far more potassium than a banana. Indeed, ironically, the Dietary Guidelines for all Americans includes an appendix exclusively listing foods that are rich in potassium. A baked potato is the first vegetable listed because it is such an excellent source of potassium.  Potatoes can also serve as vehicles for other vegetables. I recently discussed this issue with the director of school nutrition for two communities in Maine, York and Kittery. Her name is Doris Demers. She told me the kids in her school system rave about the baked potato bar, where they can load baked potatoes with broccoli, shaved carrots, chives, salsa, vegetarian chili, beans, and many other healthful items. Doris also pointed out to me that this is a particularly popular option for students who are vegetarians, and they are seeing an increasing number of students who are vegetarians in their school system.  Yet if this rule were to go into effect, a school serving a medium baked potato on Monday would be prevented from serving a full portion of potatoes or corn at any other lunch during that week. Think how absurd that result is. These two vegetables--corn and potatoes--are central to a variety of dishes, such as soups, stews, chowders, and Shepherd's pie.  One food service director told me of her school's attempt to get children to eat fresh whole foods rather than heavily processed foods. Thus, she developed a farm to school program in cooperation with a local farmer.  The students went out into the field, picked the corn, husked it themselves, and were served the corn for lunch, enjoying the experience of consuming wholesome, locally grown food. Yet, as she pointed out to me, the USDA's proposed rule would prevent her from serving an ear of fresh corn one day of the week and a baked potato another day of the same week. That is an utterly absurd result. That is why people get so frustrated with some of the regulations that come out of Washington.  I am also very concerned about the impact on the School Breakfast Program. It is a voluntary program, unlike the School Lunch Program. Some school districts could be forced to drop out of the School Breakfast Programas a direct result of this rule because it could increase costs by up to 50 cents per breakfast. If we start multiplying that across all the breakfasts served by these school systems, we are soon talking about real money. This would be a disaster if schools chose to terminate their participation in the School Breakfast Program for those students who rely on this program. Only Washington could impose a rule that purports to improve school nutrition but actually causes schools to drop out of the very program that is supposed to provide that nutrition.  In fact, many of our colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus in the House have written to Secretary Vilsack expressing ``concerns regarding the new costs the proposed rule would impose on schools educating the highest percentage of low-income students.'' The letter goes on to note:       For many low-income children, the best, if not all, of      their nutrition comes from programs (the USDA) administers.  The letter points out that many schools simply ``do not have the resources that may be diverted to meet such large cost increases.''  Research has shown us time and again that eating a healthy breakfast is critical to academic success. Eating breakfast also provides significant health benefits, as we all know. Not eating breakfast is associated with excess body weight, especially among children and adolescents, and consuming breakfast has been associated with weight loss and improved nutrition.  I hope USDA will listen to the concerns voiced by the professionals who manage these programs. The School Nutrition Association opposes this restriction and ``believes that consumption of an array of fruits and vegetables should be encouraged,'' not limited.  The following organizations are opposing the USDA's proposed rule because it would increase costs and limit their flexibility: the American Association of School Administrators, the National School Boards Association, the Council of Great City Schools, and the National Association of Elementary School Principals.  In my State, the Maine Department of Education, the Maine PTA, the Maine School Management Association, and the Maine Principals Association have all expressed their support for our amendment and their opposition to the USDA's ill-conceived rule. These groups represent school administrators, superintendents, school boards, and principals. They know; they oversee the school food service programs, and they understand the difficulties and costs this rule would cause. The American Association of School Administrators, for example, wrote to express support for our amendment saying:       The overly prescriptive nature of the requirements for      providing fruits and vegetables increases the cost of meals      so drastically that school districts implementing the      changes, even receiving the higher reimbursement rate, would      still be covered for less than half of the incurred expenses.  The fact is, the proposed rule would impose significant and needless costs on our Nation's school districts at a time when they can least afford it.  Listen to what the cost of this rule is estimated to be by the Department of Agriculture: The USDA estimates that this rule could cost as much as $6.8 billion over the next 5 years. The lion's share of that cost is going to fall on State and local agencies.  The costs associated with the proposed rule would also affect working families who rely on the school meal programs. As the National Association of Elementary School Principals wrote me:       USDA's proposed nutritional guidelines will force schools      to raise paid meal prices.  I ask unanimous consent that a list of organizations in support be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  