President, I rise today to talk about the urgent need for our government to begin living within our Nation's means. We face a very grave fiscal crisis, one that threatens America today and the American dream for future generations. It demands that we get our Nation's fiscal house in order. So I am pleased the Senate is now debating a balanced budget amendment to our Constitution.  In February 1997, a month after I came to the Senate, I went to the Senate floor to urge my colleagues to pass a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution to prevent our growing debt from swallowing our future prosperity. Unfortunately, that effort came up one vote short. Since that time, our national debt has ballooned to an astonishing $15.1 trillion.  Sometimes when we deal with large numbers, it is easy to lose sense of what they mean and difficult to put them into context. What $15.1 trillion in debt means is that a child born today will automatically inherit a debt burden of more than $48,000. That debt has been largely accrued not for that child's benefit but for our own. It is difficult to imagine a more egregious example of taxation without representation than forcing our children and grandchildren to bear the future tax burden for today's excesses.  Unfortunately, as we have seen over the last decade, the addiction to budget deficits is not simply a Democratic or Republican problem. Both parties have had a difficult time showing restraint when it comes to spending. We have had Gramm-Rudman-Hollings, the Deficit Reduction Act, and the Budget Enforcement Act, and yet deficits notonly persist but have grown larger. The fiscal year that ended on September 30 marked the third consecutive year in which the United States has run deficits in excess of $1 trillion. Deficits have become a part of the way that Washington does business. Spend now and let someone else deal with the consequences later.  Those spendthrift ways are catching up with us. Our skyrocketing debt has become a drag on our economy and a threat to our future prosperity. We simply do not have the luxury of putting off difficult decisions. We are consistently spending more than we take in, and by a large margin. In the last fiscal year, government outlays totaled 24.1 percent of gross domestic product--the second highest level, after 2009, since World War II. Despite the very serious warning signs that we are on the wrong fiscal course, this marks the second consecutive year that the Senate has not even bothered to pass a budget resolution.  It is progress that the Budget Control Act that passed last summer includes caps on discretionary spending, and I have worked very hard with my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to put together responsible and thoughtful spending bills that live within those caps. But, as my colleagues know, the biggest driver of our long-term debt and deficits is not discretionary spending but the mandatory spending that continues to balloon on autopilot.  Like many of my colleagues, I had hoped that the so-called supercommittee, which was created by the Budget Control Act, would be able to reach bipartisan agreement to reform mandatory spending and change our fiscal trajectory. Unfortunately, that bipartisan agreement remains elusive as both parties failed to come up with a deficit reduction plan that was capable of winning a simple majority of panel members. Instead, we have automatic spending cuts that are set to kick in, which could have very serious consequences for our national defense. Again, Congress has avoided making difficult choices about our national priorities.  The events currently unfolding across the Atlantic, with European leaders scrambling to stop the debt contagion that threatens the economic prosperity of the continent, should be a clear warning signal to us of what could come if we do not stem the tide of red ink that is engulfing our Nation. We must put in place structural reforms that will permanently force Washington to align expenditures and revenues.  Every day when I enter my office building, I am reminded of the famous quote attributed to its namesake, Senator Everett Dirksen. The wry observation he offered some four decades ago--``A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you're talking about real money''--seems tragically quaint today. I am convinced, now more than ever, that a balanced budget constitutional amendment is what is needed to address our growing debt and deficits.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss my support of S.J. Res. 10, which would require a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Let me start off by saying that we need this amendment to protect the American taxpayer and bring back fiscal discipline to Congress. We need this amendment not because the American taxpayer is taxed too little, it is because Washington in particular, Congress--spends too much. Finally, we need this amendment to show the American taxpayer that we are serious about eliminating waste, fraud, abuse, and duplication from the Federal budget and are serious about putting our country back on a path to prosperity, not bankruptcy.  The Nation's debt now stands at the unsustainable level of $15.1 trillion. The Federal Government is borrowing 40 cents of every dollar spent. According to the CBO, by 2021 debt held by the public will reach 82 percent of GDP. Without real and meaningful action by Congress to reform the way we do business, the Nation's debt will balloon to well over 100 percent by 2035. CBO projects that the cost of simply paying the interest on all of this debt will total $4.5 trillion over the next decade. And we wonder why there is so much uncertainty in our economy, why businesses are not expanding and creating jobs that we so desperately need, why the approval rating of Congress is at alltime lows--and, may I add, justifiably. The writing is on the wall, and that writing says that Congress can no longer allow politics and special interests to direct how hard-earned taxpayer dollars are spent. We must make hard choices now and live within our means as every American family is required to do.  The President has said that we do not need a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution to cut spending and balance the budget. While that may be true, it is not the reality. When the Senate passed a balanced budget amendment in 1982, the national debt was $1.1 trillion. In 1997, when the Senate failed by one vote to pass a balanced budget amendment, the national debt was over $5 trillion. Today, it is over $15 trillion. Unfortunately, Congress has proven time and time again that they are unable to cut spending and must be required by law to do so. S.J. Res 10 is a strong, meaningful, and commonsense balanced budget amendment that will reassure financial markets and the American people, therefore, providing confidence that our economy so desperately needs.  First and foremost this constitutional amendment will require the President to lead by example and submit a balanced budget to Congress. Since being elected, President Obama has failed to send a balanced budget to Congress for consideration.  S.J. Res. 10 would also require Congress to pass a balanced budget that limits outlays to 18 percent of GDP. In addition, it would require a vote of two-thirds of both Houses of Congress in order to raise taxes on the American people. This provision is vitally important to ensure that we are not punishing the American taxpayer by making them pay for out of control spending by Washington. Finally, S.J. Res. 10 would require a vote of three-fifths of both Houses of Congress to increase the Nation's debt limit. This constitutional amendment also includes limited waivers that would, for example, allow Congress during a declaring of war to enact deficit spending or to raise the debt limit by a simple majority vote.  My colleagues on the other side have brought forth their own balanced budget amendment; however, their proposal fails to ensure that Congress will make the hard choices necessary to solve our current and long-term fiscal crisis. For example, the Democrats' balanced budget amendment does not apply to Social Security spending. According to the 2011 report by the Social Security Trustees, Social Security faces permanent deficits unless the Congress reforms the system. In fact, the program is projected to face a deficit of $46 billion this year. The Social Security disability trust fund is projected to become insolvent in 2018. We cannot be serious about solving our Nation's financial problems unless we include the Social Security Program, which is one of the largest drivers of future debt. In addition, their balanced budget amendment does not cap spending at 18 percent of GDP, it does not require a supermajority of Congress to raise taxes and does not require a supermajority of Congress to raise the debt limit. As we know too well, Congress has never voted against raising the debt limit.  This week, the Senate has the ability to show the American people that they are serious about fixing our fiscal crisis by adopting this balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. This balanced budget amendment is a vital step in ensuring that future generations will have the same opportunities that all of us here in this body have experienced. I urge my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 10.  I yield the floor.  