Let me share two examples.  First, the provision expands the definition of depot maintenance to include the installation of modifications and upgrades to end-items--a measure potentially harmful to competition.  There is a concern that the Army may be required by this provision to direct work related to the Modernized Expanded Capacity Vehicle, MECV, program to the public sector without a full and open competition allowing experienced private entities to bid.  It is my view that the MECV is much more than a modification to a weapon system because it is an acquisition program. I understand this view is shared by the Army, which has consistently said the source selection for the MECV will be full, open, and fair.  Those who have invested in this program deserve to know that this language does not restrict competition or introduce, in any way, an incentive to favor the public or the private sector as it relates to acquisition programs, and the MECV program in particular.  While depot maintenance work is an important component of both the public and private sector industrial base, Congress has consistently supported a strong core requirement at the depots for national security reasons. For example, vital submarine overhauls, refueling, and maintenance work are performed at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, ME.  It is unclear if the ramifications of the conference report will lead to work flowing away from our public depots, thus jeopardizing the government's core repair capability.  I would ask the chairman to closely reevaluate these provisions to ensure that the two concerns I described, as well as the concerns of other interested Senators, are fully addressed.  This process should allow Members adequate time to reach out to interested parties and a committee hearing to understand the ramifications of these legislative changes to the defense industrial base.  I would also ask the chairman to commit to modifying or repealing these provisions, if necessary, in next year's NDAA.  I would also ask the chairman to ensure that any future proposals pertaining to these sensitive issues be addressed in a more inclusive and deliberate manner.  Finally, given the uncertainty and confusion surrounding these critical depot issues, I would hope that the Department of Defense would exercise much care and refrain from making dramatic changes in its policies.  