 President, earlier today in the Capitol Rotunda we honored Dr. Norman Borlaug with the Congressional Gold Medal. This is the highest expression of national appreciation.  At least two-thirds of Federal lawmakers must sign on to support a nominee before his or her nomination is allowed to advance through Committees in the House and Senate. Previous recipients include distinguished public servants, military heroes, humanitarians, entertainers, musicians, authors, athletes, religious leaders and pioneers in the fields of medicine, science, and aeronautics including our Nation's first President, George Washington.  Many of you know that I farm in Iowa with my son Robin.  Those of us farming take satisfaction in feeding people through our labors.  Through his labors, Dr. Borlaug has been able to feed many more people that Robin and I will ever be able to, even if we worked day and night.  He has spared more people from the sharp hunger pains that strike an empty stomach than anyone of us could ever dream of doing.  He has saved more lives than any other person in history.  An extraordinary man, with a brilliant vision, and the common sense to turn his dreams into a reality--that's Norm Borlaug.  I am grateful, but not surprised, that it didn't take long for Congress to advance the legislation giving Dr. Borlaug this award.  A few years ago, I spoke with Dr. Borlaug just outside the Senate Chamber.  It was overwhelming just how many Senators came off the Senate floor to shake hands with him.  I was glad to be able to claim Dr. Borlaug as a native Iowan who has become a true citizen of the world--from a boyhood on a farm in northeast Iowa--a one-room schoolhouse--to a PhD in plant pathology, to decades in the poorest areas of rural Mexico, and a life of scientific breakthroughs to ease malnutrition and famine all over the world. His work in biotechnology has vastly improved food security for countries including India, Pakistan, and Mexico. This humanitarian hero has been instrumental in seeking social justice and promoting peace around the world.  Far from resting on his laurels, Dr. Borlaug continues to inspire future generations of scientists and farmers to innovate and lift those mired in poverty.  As a fellow Iowan said, ``If you never stick your neck out, you'll never get your head above the crowd.''  Dr. Borlaug stuck his neck out and became a hero and a legend.  He deserves every bit of recognition and gratitude we can find to offer him.  