 President, the 2001 tax relief bill passed the Senate with 58 yeas. At that time, the Senate was evenly divided--50 Republicans and 50 Democrats--with the Republicans technically having control because of the Vice President's vote. However, not every single Republican voted for that tax relief measure. Those 58 yeas included 12 Democrats, nearly one-quarter of the 50 Democrats sitting in the Senate at that particular time. If all of those Democrats had voted against the conference report, it would have failed.  Clearly, it is ridiculous to say this was purely a Republican bill. Given the experience the Democratic leadership has had with cloture votes in the past few months, I would expect them to appreciate the necessity of working on a bipartisan basis in this body. This is the only political institution of our system where minority views are protected and must be respected because of no limit on debate, called a filibuster, and it takes 60 percent, a supermajority, to overcome a filibuster to get to finality. That is where Democrats were protected when they were in the minority for the last 6 years. This is where Republicans are going to be protected for the next 2 years--and hopefully no longer than 2 years--as a minority.  It takes 60 votes to get permanent tax relief. The bottom line is, we didn't have the 60 votes in 2001 and 2003 for making these bipartisan tax relief plans permanent. And with a couple exceptions I will discuss shortly, over the last 6 years, we haven't had the 60 votes for permanent tax relief.  So tax relief in 2001 was not made permanent because the Democratic leadership and the liberal core of the Democratic caucus have refused to support permanence, and that is apparent now more than ever with the budget that is in conference between the House and Senate.  Of course, last November, the Democrats won control of both Houses of Congress. I wonder if the House Democratic leadership will be sending over any bills to make tax relief permanent. I doubt it. Even if the House Democratic leadership did send over such a bill, I would not expect the Senate Democratic leadership to take it up. When in Republican hands, the House regularly sent over bills to provide permanence for various components of the bipartisan tax relief bill which they couldn't get through the Senate.  Senate Democrats are clearly capable of working with Republicans to make tax relief provisions permanent if they like what they want to make permanent. And we have done it in the past. The Holocaust Restitution Tax Fairness Act of 2001 repealed the sunset of a provision originally contained in the 2001 tax relief bill that allowed Holocaust survivors and their heirs and estates to receive restitution payments tax free. Making this provision permanent was absolutely the right thing to do, and the fact that it passed the Senate by unanimous consent proves that, and it passed it during a period when the Democrats controlled the Chamber, indicating the level of cooperation that occurred between Senate Republicans and Democrats when Democrats want to make a provision of the tax law permanent law.  As I go through these examples, everyone needs to remember that holding the majority in the Senate is not aticket for either party to force its agenda down the other party's throat. Senate rules encourage cooperation by giving the minority many opportunities to check the majority, and this becomes even more evident when those majorities are very slim as they are right now--51 Democrats, 49 Republicans. And they have been very slim for the last several Congresses.  I say this to point out that the Holocaust Restitution Act became permanent because Republicans and Democrats worked together to make it permanent, and it would not have been sent to the President if one side or the other wanted to block it.  I will give one more example that occurred last summer as part of the pension reform bill. We call that the Pension Protection Act of 2001. It passed the Senate 93 yea votes and made permanent--now here we have bipartisan cooperation to make permanent other parts of the tax bill--the retirement security provisions of that 2001 tax bill. Even if every Republican supported the bill, a united Democratic caucus could have held back the five additional votes needed for final passage if they chose.  Clearly, Democrats have a record of working with Republicans to make tax relief provisions permanent when they choose to do it. So why not work in the same way to make the rest of that tax law of 2001 and 2003 permanent so we don't have the biggest tax increase in the history of the country without a vote of the American people, so we will have permanence of tax law, so working men and women can plan on the future, so investors who create jobs can plan on the future as well? That is better for the economy.  Let me return to the present day. The House and Senate, then, as I have said so many times, passed separate budget resolutions, now in conference, but currently would end up subjecting Americans to the largest tax increase in history, and the Democrats have responded by basically declaring it is not their responsibility. How can a majority so avoid the responsibility of being a majority?  The Democratic leadership and the liberal core have the power to make these provisions permanent. I assure my colleagues we will be there working with them as we did on the retirement portions of the pension bill, as we did on the Holocaust relief bill, to make sure it becomes permanent law.  I think they should, but I realize they may not agree with me. However, if they do let tax relief expire, they have to take responsibility for letting that happen. They have to take responsibility for the biggest tax increase in the history of the country happening without a vote of the people when they would have had the cooperation of Republicans to make sure it was permanent and to make sure this biggest tax increase doesn't happen.  Several times since November, I have heard that elections have consequences, and one of those consequences is for the winner having increased responsibility. Since Democrats have made tax relief provisions permanent in the past--and I have given only two examples--they can likewise do it again, and they will have Republican cooperation to make it happen.  One of the bloggers I cited earlier points out the economic calamity that would befall our country if all tax relief was allowed to expire at the end of 2010. On this specific point, he is correct, and I gave a speech to this effect right here on this floor on March 1 where I cited a study done by the Wall Street firm of Goldman Sachs.  If something is not done to extend or make permanent tax relief before the end of 2010, American families, working families, will be hit with a wall of tax increases that is currently built into the Democratic budget resolution.  I have a chart. This chart shows, according to the U.S. Treasury, not according to this Senator from Iowa, a family of four with $40,000 of income will be subjected to an average tax increase of $2,052 all at once. The Democrats, now in the driver's seat, need to decide whether they are going to let that wall go up, whether that wall is going to stand between this taxpayer and more money for them to spend instead of more money for me to spend for them, or are they going to take advantage of the opportunity we give them to cooperate to prevent that big tax increase of 2,000 and more dollars to go into effect for a family with an income of $40,000, as though there is something about being rich making $40,000 a year.  I want to conclude with a reference to a story about a man who cared a great deal about the typical taxpayer, President Ronald Reagan. During the Cold War, while in West Berlin, President Reagan challenged Soviet President Gorbachev to tear down the Berlin Wall. I challenge the Democratic leadership to tear down the wall of tax increases built into their budgets. I hope my liberal friends in the core of the Democratic caucus will urge the Democratic leaders to tear down the wall of tax increases they have built. This is not a wall Republicans built. This is a wall Democrats through their budget built because they have the power, they have a minority that is willing to cooperate with them, as we have on two other instances I have given in these remarks. Join with us in the Republican conference and tear down the wall of tax increases that has been built.  I yield the floor.  