 President, I will do it for the sole purpose of commenting on a couple things the Senator from Arkansas brought up. One was the statement where if our amendment is adopted, Senator Dorgan and I would be working to eliminate farm program payments altogether. I wish to make clear I am a believer in a safety net for farmers. We are going to maintain that safety net. So I hope people will ignore that suggested goal.  I think it is important to understand that farm programs have been around since the 1930s. They have been aroundas a safety net because farmers are at the beginning of the food chain or, you might say, at the bottom of the food chain. We have a situation where farmers for input, for producing a crop--producing the food our consumers eat--pay what is charged for those imports. They might bargain a little bit, but they don't have control; they have to buy the imports or they aren't in farming. When they sell their products, they have to sell what the market bears for the day they choose to sell. They might choose a different day to sell, but eventually, whatever they sell for is what the market is there; a farmer is not bargaining for that market. So smaller farmers don't have the ability to withstand things beyond their control, such as a natural disaster or domestic policy such as, let's say, Nixon freezing beef prices, ruining the beef farmers, or stopping the exports of soybeans so that they fall from $13 a bushel to $3 a bushel. Those are things a farmer doesn't have anything to do with. So we have a safety net to help medium- and small-sized farmers get over humps and things they don't control, whereas larger farmers, the farmers whom we are putting a $250,000 cap on--the larger the farmer, the more staying power they have. Now, I admit they are affected by the same policies I have referred to, but they have the ability to withstand that to a greater extent than smaller farmers. Also, as I stated in my opening remarks, when you subsidize big farmers, it helps them to get bigger, and it makes it more difficult for people to stay in farming.  A second thing I wish to give a retort to is the use of quotes from an article that says the largest farms in America produce 78 percent of the commodities, but only get 56 percent of the farm program payments. Well, the safety net wasn't set up to match the food source. It wasn't developed to follow the crowd. It was set up to protect small- and medium-sized farmers from things beyond their control, and to maintain the institution of the family farm because it is the most efficient food-producing unit in the entire world. I would compare it to corporate farms on the one hand; I would compare it to the political State farms of the old Soviet Union as an example. The family farm has a record of being the most productive. That is to the benefit of the farmer and the entire economy. It is to the benefit of the consumer.  I am not advocating that there is anything wrong with large farms or large farms expanding; we just shouldn't subsidize them to do it.  I yield the floor.  