 President, I say to the Senator from North Carolina who just completed, I am willing to work with him on all the goals he wants to do. Earlier in the writing of this legislation, back during the months of March, April, and May, we tried to get the White House to get some other Democrats involved and helping Senator Wyden, who wanted to go in that direction, and the White House couldn't deliver.  When it comes down to doing something all at once, or doing it in two separate pieces, sometimes you have to do it in two separate pieces. This is one of those issues. We have to do the Children's Health Insurance Program first and then I am going to join people like Senator Burr. Only I am going to be working in a bipartisan way with Senator Wyden, to see what we can do to take care of all of the uninsured in America.  We can do that. The President wants to do it. There are Democratic leaders who want to do it. Senator Clinton has come out with a program doing it through private health insurance. But we cannot do it on this bill. The people who have been talking for 6 months about doing it on this bill had an opportunity, when it was up in the Senate, to offer an alternative. For all their talk, for months, nothing was offered along the lines of what they wanted to do.  Don't come back complaining after we get a compromise between the House of Representatives and the Senate, and still complain, when you had a debate on this 2 months ago and you didn't have a plan to offer. You can't get anything passed in this Senate if you don't have it down on paper and offer it to us for consideration. But now, after this job is done, let's all get together and do it right. And we will do it right.  I want to spend my time talking about some of the misinformation that was spread about this bill when it was first considered in the Senate 2 months ago and is still being considered today, just as if the debate and all the explanations we gave two Mondays ago didn't make a bit of difference. So let's go through it again. Let's get very basic and let's say where the misinformation is wrong.  I am not here to embarrass any of my colleagues so I am not going to use any names. But yesterday a Member of my party took to the floor talking about this bill pending before the Senate. I wish to address some of those issues that were raised by my friend and colleague.  This colleague repeatedly referred to the Children's Health Insurance Program as leading to a national system of health care.       The goal here is to radically expand the size of a public      insurance program to families that are really doing quite      well, families making up to $80,000 that may not have      children, or the children may already be insured by the      private sector because you want to move more people onto the      public insurance system because you want to have a      nationalized system.  I have one simple question to ask all the critics of this bill who, when confronted with the actual policies in this compromise, respond by shrieking: 80,000 income, $80,000 income; and that question is: If this bill became law tomorrow, how many families earning $80,000 a year would be eligible for this Children's Health Insurance Program? And the answer is: None. None.  As they say in baseball: You can look it up.  I have one simple question to critics who, when asked to respond to what is actually in the black and white of this bill, react by screaming, as we heard in that quote I just gave: National health care, socialized medicine. And that question I ask those folks is this: Under what contorted reasoning is a capped block grant inclusive of policies that prohibit new waivers for parents, phase childless adults completely off of this children's program, and limit matching funding for higher income kids, nationalized health care? That is what this bill does. It takes care of problems that have developed over the last 10 years. There have been legitimate criticisms of it. It fixes those problems and doesn't do any of the things that people say are going to happen, such as families of $80,000 being able to put their kids on this program.  You can call all of this rhetoric something. You can call it anything you want. But in Iowa you can't call a cow a chicken and have it be true.  I have some charts here I want people to see. This colleague of mine also referred yesterday to what is ``budget gimmickry'' about this legislation. I have this response to that colleague of mine. He said this yesterday, ``There is the problem.''  He was pointing to this chart that he had up at that time. Let me start the quote over again.       For example, there is the problem that there is a scam      going on, a scam in this bill as to how it is paid for. You      can see this chart I have in the Chamber. This reflects the      increased costs of the bill as it goes forward. But, in order      to make their own budget rules, which they claim so      aggressively to be following, such as pay-go--  meaning pay as you go--       they have to take the program, in the year 2013, from a $16      billion annual spending level down to essentially zero. In      other words, they are zeroing out this program in the year      2013 . . . that is called a scam.  I end the quote of my colleague.  I am a proud member of the Budget Committee. I think I know how the budget process works. I believe in fiscal discipline and spending restraints. I agree that even under a Republican-controlled Congress, spending got out of control. Part of the reason why Republicans lost control of the Congress last election is because we didn't show concern enough to control spending.  I believe part of the reason the President is threatening a veto of this bill is he is trying to play catchup for failing to veto 6 years of spending bills when Republicans controlled the Congress. I agree that fiscal discipline ought to be applied to spending bills and we should pay some attention to the level of spending and how spending is financed.  From that standpoint, let me focus on the criticism that has been made about how this Children's Health Insurance bill is financed. We need to step back, and in stepping back we need to look at the whole picture. The Children's Health Insurance Program is a pretty small part of that picture. The thing about the Children's Health Insurance Program is that it is not like Medicaid or Medicare. It is not a permanent program. This program expired after 10 years. We are working on it now to reauthorize it. It will expire after 5 years. You never hear of Medicare or Medicaid expiring, sunsetting, so it has to be reenacted. It has been going on for 43 years.  SCHIP, then, is not an entitlement and I have heard my colleagues recently refer to it as an entitlement.  Now, there were some who wanted to turn this Children's Health Insurance Program into an entitlement program. So it has been discussed, I admit. I am not one of those. And nobody in the Senate that I know of spoke that way. But the House bill would have lifted the cap on the national allotment for the Children's Health Insurance Program and extended the program forever.  The word ``entitlement'' may be applicable. I fought hard to maintain the block grant concept, the sunset concept--as has been the case since the program was started 10 years ago--- and to ensure that the program did expire so that in the future, Congress would be forced to reevaluate it and maybe improve or cut back, whatever the situation is 5 years from now, just as we have been doing this year with the sunset program.  So despite the best efforts of House Democrats, because in the House it is more partisan than the way we do business in the Senate, this is a bipartisan bill. Regardless of the best efforts of House Democrats under the compromise bill when the program expires, it truly ends. The day after the authorization ends, poof, no more Children's Health Insurance Program unless Congress reenacts it.  The Children's Health Insurance Program before us is an expiring program. So let me say that again. It is an expiring program. It is not an entitlement. Why do colleagues keep trying to fuzzy the debate by using words that are not applicable?  Well, I know most of us in this Chamber would no sooner let the Department of Defense expire then we wouldlet the Children's Health Insurance Program expire. That is a simple fact. But that does not make it an entitlement any more than the Department of Defense programs are entitlements. Because it is an expiring program, it is subject then to a very particular budget rule that makes this chart not exactly intellectually honest.  The budget rule says the Congressional Budget Office must score future spending for programs based upon last year's program current authorization. So the baseline for the Children's Health Insurance Program right now, and for next year and next year, is $5 billion. For the next 5 years, the baseline each of those years is $5 billion, and also for the next 10 years. If you want to go beyond 5 years, and we do not do it in this bill, but sometimes the Congressional Budget Office does it, the baseline is still $5 billion. It is actually $5 billion a year forever as far as the Congressional Budget Office is concerned.  Does anyone in this Chamber think the budget rule governing the Children's Health Insurance Program is realistic? Well, it is obviously not. But that is the way the Congressional Budget Office does business around here. So let's not kid ourselves.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, over 1 million children would lose coverage if we simply reauthorized the Children's Health Insurance Program at the assumed baseline of $5 billion a year. Now, I have never heard anybody around here saying they want to throw a million kids off of this program. So what do you do? You provide for where you are.  Well, you can throw them off if you want to, but I have not heard any of my colleagues, even the ones complaining about this bill, I have never heard them complain that we ought to throw 1 million kids off the program.  Who would go home and tell their constituents that they voted to do that? But over 1 million kids would lose coverage. That is not politically viable.  During the consideration of this Senate Finance Committee bill, there was a children's health insurance alternative that included an increase in the Children's Health Insurance Program by spending $9\1/2\ billion over 5 years.  Now, understand, the White House ought to hear that. Even Republicans in the Senate are telling the President: Your $5 billion will not do what you want it to do. Those are even the Members who oppose the Finance bill, acknowledging that $5 billion was not enough. Everyone knows the current baseline is not realistic, that it created a hole in the budget that had to be filled.  So what do we do? If you do not want to throw kids off, you fill that hole. It is that simple. We had to comply, though, with the budget rule. That is the way you have to do business around here. You get a point of order against your bill, and you have to have 60 votes to override it. So we did.  Do those budget rules make sense? Well, that is a question for the Budget Committee, not for our Finance Committee. The Budget Committee sets those rules, and they are not for the Finance Committee to change.  There is another budget rule the Finance Committee was required to follow. That rule is called pay-go, pay-as-you-go, which means that you raise revenue or cut spending someplace else to pay for the new things you are doing. It means the bill needs to cover its 6-year cost, and that makes sense. After all, this bill proposes new spending, and we should pay for it. And this bill does it. This bill complies with those budget rules. It complies with the pay-as-you-go requirement.  Now, the children's health reauthorization that we are debating is only a 5-year authorization. And, as I think everyone knows, the bill is paid for by an increase in the tobacco tax, just like the original CHIP bill was paid for when it was created by a Republican-controlled Congress 10 years ago.  Now, just like in 1997 when the Republicans did it, we had a problem with how the tobacco tax worked. The revenue from the cigarette tax is not growing as fast as health care costs grow. So that means the revenue raiser is not growing as fast as the costs of the program. So the Finance Committee did what it was required to do to comply with pay-go budget rules. The Finance Committee bill reduces children's health insurance funding to just below the funding that is in the current baseline.  That means the Finance Committee, in 5 years, will have the same problem we faced in putting this bill together today. They will have to come up with the funds to keep the program running, if that is what they decide to do 5 years from now.  We are covering even more low-income kids in this bill. That is a good thing. Assuming that Congress does not tackle the increasing problematic issue of health care costs across the board, as Senator Burr was begging us to do, the Finance Committee, in 5 years, will have a bigger hole to fill. They will have more kids to keep covering, and health care costs will be even higher than they are today. That is for the Finance Committee to face down the road 5 years.  That is just like the job the Finance Committee had today if we were going to continue the Children's Health Insurance Program beyond the 10-year sunset. So what I am saying is, this is really nothing new. Now, my friend and colleague whom I have been quoting all the time, a person for whom I have great admiration, has once again distorted the so-called cliff that he referred to on this chart. That is where the line goes down after the year 2012.  He has, once again, produced a chart that shows a dramatic decline in funding of the program. Here is the chart used to raise the issue about financing the compromised bill, which is largely the Senate Finance Committee bill. It shows only the funding in our bill.  The approach that this chart takes reminds me of the story of the seven blind men trying to describe an elephant. Each described different parts of the elephant: one the tusk, another one the tail, another one the ear, another one the leg, and none could describe the whole elephant. They could not see the whole picture. So we have to look at the whole picture.  As we all know, this program was created to supplement Medicaid. So I am going to show you the whole picture. You have to involve Medicaid. The goal of the program was to encourage States to provide coverage to uninsured children with incomes just above the Medicaid eligibility: Medicaid for the lowest income people, SCHIP to help lower income people who maybe could not afford private health insurance or their workplace did not have it.  So to put my colleague's concerns into perspective, we need to look at the whole picture. We need, and we should, look at SCHIP spending as it relates to Medicaid spending. I would like to draw your attention to this chart so everyone can fully appreciate the consequences of our SCHIP program that is a fiscal disaster to some of my friends, as you listen to the debate, the consequences of the SCHIP program in the context of the Medicaid Program which it supplements. So I want you to take a closer look.  Let's start with this tiny green line down to the bottom. That is the Children's Health Insurance Program under current law, the straight line across the bottom. I know we have to squint to see it. But that green line represents the Children's Health Insurance Program baseline under current law.  As I have already discussed, it is $5 billion each year for the next 10 years, and maybe forever, depending on what Congress does in the future.  Now, let's look more closely and honestly at the actual problem we are facing. This massive orange area above that green line I just referred to is Medicaid for several years into the future, 10 years into the future. It is a lot bigger, isn't it, than the Children's Health Insurance Program?  Then, on top of that, we are looking to add what is in this bill, new spending for the Children's Health Insurance Program. The new spending is represented by that narrow blue line across the top there labeled ``funding in the compromise agreement.''  Again, you almost have to squint to see that blue line. And as you can clearly see then, costs are growing at a rapid pace overall. The overwhelming driver of the cost is not the relatively small increase of the blue line. And then the decline, you see a decline in that blue line on top in CHIP spending. That is just kind of a blip on the radar compared to the massive increase we see in Medicaid spending.  We have a big problem. It is not going to go away. But it is not theChildren's Health Insurance Program. It is the entitlement program that SCHIP is not a part of because I made a point--10 times in the last 2 days--that this is not an entitlement, even though my colleagues still talk about entitlement. Where are they coming from? What planet? I don't know.  But entitlement spending is, in fact, ballooning out of control in future years if we do not act. We are going to struggle to keep these programs afloat. When you look at the whole picture, this whole picture, it puts things about the SCHIP program and the criticism of the SCHIP program in perspective. But the criticism is not justified.  Now, remember all of the fire and brimstone about the awful cliff on the chart that we had before, the awful cliff of this compromise bill? The way that it continues to be described, you would think the world is about to end. And now looking at the big picture, where exactly is that cliff, you might ask? Again, you will have to squint to see that cliff. That cliff starts downward after the year 2012. So you saw on the previous chart, you see that big dropoff. That is what I raise about the intellectual accuracy of that chart. OK?  If we go back to the other chart and look at the real program, that is how it goes down a little bit after 2012. It is not that dramatic compared to what we are doing on Medicaid. You can see how this debate has tried to distort what we are accomplishing.  So this little blue line is what this debate is all about. This little blue line is the funding in the compromise agreement. This little blue line is what all the fuss is about. It seems like a whole lot of hollering is going on over a dip that is hard to even see.  Let me tell you what the compromise agreement and this little blue line is not. This is not, as some people want us to believe, a government takeover of health care. This little blue line is not socialized medicine or nationalized medicine or anything like that. This little blue line is not bringing the Canadian health care system to America. That little blue line is not the end of the world that we know. To suggest that this little blue line and this tiny dip we see after the year 2012 is the dismantling of the U.S. health care system borders on hysteria.  While I concede that allotments under our bill in the years beyond the 5-year reauthorization in this legislation do behave as described in my friend's chart, the one with the big dropoff, I don't think it warrants the heated rhetoric we are hearing today and yesterday. SCHIP is not a real fiscal problem. The problem is that issue nobody wants to talk about. What are we going to do about entitlements? Nobody has political guts enough to agree with it, but they want to put this Children's Health Insurance Program on the same par as those Medicaid issues.  My friend I have been quoting all day and I worked together a year ago, now maybe 2 years ago, on the Deficit Reduction Act, to try to rein in this egregious Medicaid spending. I am proud of the work we did. He praised me so much 2 years ago for the heavy lifting I did for the entire Senate on saving some money--I should say Senate Republicans for saving some money--but how times have changed. We also found out how hard it is, at the time of the Deficit Reduction Act, to dial back entitlement spending. Even in a Republican-controlled Congress and even with the special procedural protections of reconciliation, we only succeeded in shaving $26 billion off that orange part of the chart. The problem of entitlement spending is still out there, and SCHIP is like a pimple on an elephant compared to the elephant that Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid are.  I am very hopeful that once we are done with the CHIP debate, we can roll up our sleeves and get down to the business of tackling health care reform on a much larger scale, as Senator Byrd referred to, and I have referred to Senator Wyden from Oregon working on it over a long period of time. I know Senator Wyden wants to take this on, and I am going to join him in that bipartisan effort.  As I have said many times, I had hoped we could have used this debate on SCHIP to focus on these larger issues of health care reform and helping the uninsured. I tried to engage my colleagues on the other side. I was repeatedly thwarted in that effort and told that SCHIP had to get done first. Well, hopefully we can get SCHIP done and then turn to the bigger issues so the next time the Congress has to tackle the Children's Health Insurance Program, this big orange block would not be so huge.  Before closing, another criticism we had of this bill in the last debate 2 or 3 months ago was this. I will quote Senator Lott. I don't think he will mind my using his name. He was quoted on July 31: The House is going to pass a bill at what, maybe $80, $90, $100 billion, paid for by taking money away from Medicare beneficiaries. We go on conference, what will happen? What always happens. You split the difference. We are at 60. They are at 90. How about $75 billion. How is that going to be paid for? Is it going to be paid for by cutting benefits for the elderly or raising taxes of all kinds?  Well, it is paid for the same way we paid for it on July 31, 2007, with the tobacco tax, not by Medicare money.  He went on to say: I fear what is going to happen in conference. I don't know. Maybe the Senator from Montana and Senator Grassley can sit there and say: Oh, no, no, no, we are not going above what we passed in the Senate. But I think the reverse is going to be true. This is the base. The $60 billion is the beginning.  Where did we come out? Exactly where Senator Baucus and I told the Senate we were going to come out. We came out with the $35 billion that passed this body. So all those people who are worried about the position of the Senate being lost in conference by Senator Baucus and I representing the Senate--and let's say Senator Rockefeller and Senator Hatch as well--would you please tell me you were wrong?  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Nelson of Florida). Who yields time?  The Senator from Maryland.  