 President, the alternative Senator Craig just spoke about is the amendment I wish to speak against. I am a Republican, but I am part of the bipartisan effort to pass this SCHIP bill. So I will tell my colleagues on both sides of the aisle why the Lott amendment, or the Republican alternative, should not be accepted.  First of all, I commend the people who authored the alternative because all ideas ought to be considered. It is creative, and it is thoughtful. It certainly contributes to the debate. In reading through it, I am struck by the similarities between this proposal and the bipartisan bill before the Senate that I am backing. Both proposals increase funding for State allotments. Both proposals largely base the new allotments on State projections. Both proposals limit the availability of allotments to 2 years. Both proposals restrict coverage for nonpregnant adults. Both proposals prohibit new waivers for adult coverage. Both proposals provide funds for outreach and enrollment activities. Both proposals include additional State options for premium assistance.  Lest my colleagues think I am attacking them with faint praise, I do acknowledge there are significant differences in the approaches between the Republican alternative and our bipartisan bill that is before the Senate.  The position taken by the Lott amendment is that SCHIP has been a successful small program that covers about 6 million kids in 2007 and should not cover many, if any, more. The position of the Lott amendment is that any increase in the enrollment of children should be limited to the relatively better off SCHIP kids and not cover the poorer Medicaid kids. That is a perfectly reasonable position for them to take, but that is the biggest difference between the Lott amendment and the bipartisan proposal that is referred to as Grassley-Baucus.  The difference is that the amendment supporters cannot claim that it increases coverage for any of the 4 million uninsured children who are eligible and entitled to Medicaid, the kids who need it most. In fact, not only does the Lott amendment do virtually nothing to improve coverage for the 4 million children eligible for Medicaid, but it adds insult to injury by reducing the Medicaid Program by over $10 billion to pay for an expansion of SCHIP.  Let me put this another way. The Lott amendment drains billions out of the Medicaid Program, which is a program that covers the poorest of the poor, and it redirects that funding to SCHIP, a program that covers kids and families who make too much to qualify for Medicaid. It is the old issue of robbing Peter to pay Paul. The Senate Finance Committee bill, on the other hand, covers 1.7 million kids eligible for Medicaid but not enrolled.  At this point, it is important to reiterate for colleagues that the Senate Finance Committee bill does not expand Medicaid. The bill does not change eligibility for Medicaid one single bit.  The Senate Finance Committee bill does include the very precise and targeted incentive funds that Director Peter Orszag of CBO concluded is ``as efficient as you can possibly get per new dollar spent.'' This incentive fund helps increase coverage of 3.2 million uninsured children. The Lott amendment, however, does not increase coverage for the lowest income children and actually causes some individuals, including children currently enrolled in SCHIP, to lose coverage.  