 President, I am back here today, as I have been other days this week, to talk about the Medicare drug benefit and the debate about whether the Government would do a better job of negotiating with drug companies than the prescription drug plans that are doing so this very day under law of the last 2\1/2\ years. Over the past 2 days, I have talked about the fundamental structure of the drug benefit. I talked about the heart of it, of the drug benefit plan, as competition. Plans, with vast experience in negotiating with drug manufacturers, compete to get the best drug prices for Medicare. That is what is happening today to benefit our senior citizens. Plans that have been doing this for 50 years are negotiating with drug companies in a competitive way to get the best prices for Medicare senior citizens. To date, the proof is in the pudding. We have lower bids, we have lower beneficiary premiums, lower costs to the Government, and lower costs to our States. Most importantly, we have lower prices on drugs, meaning senior citizens get affordable drugs and low-income people do not have to choose between drugs and food. Remember, that was a goal we had in 2003 we passed this legislation.  I will give some examples of how this competition has worked. A draft PricewaterhouseCoopers study found in 2006 prescription drug plans achieved higher savings, 29 percent compared to unmanaged drug benefit expenditures. That is almost 100 percent greater than the 15-percent savings projected by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and almost 50 percent greater than the savings estimated by the Congressional Budget Office way back when, in 2003, when we all thought if this program worked at all there would be some savings on prescription drugs for seniors. However, it has turned out to be much greater savings than we anticipated when we wrote the bill.  It isn't often that legislation we write comes back with a better benefit to the taxpayers, better benefit to our seniors or any group or population. Most often there are what we call cost overruns.  I believe it is fair to say that competition is working.  Yesterday, I talked about how this whole debate is based on nothing more than a distortion of language in what is called the noninterference clause in the existing legislation. This noninterference language was first included in legislation introduced by many of the same people now opposing it, and these people tend to be led by Members of the Democratic Party.  To be clear, that language, the noninterference language that people now are questioning, that period of time between 1999 and 2003, bills introduced by Members in the other party included this language and now, somehow, they do not like it.  I want to be clear that the impressions left by opponents of this part of the legislation that we do not have competition, we do not have negotiations, this language in the legislation does not prohibit negotiations to get drug prices down. Negotiations occur between private plans and the drug manufacturers regularly. You could not get those percentage decreases in prices I just mentioned--those percentages that are even greater than percentages we thought when we wrote the legislation--you would not get those without negotiation, you would not get those without competition.  I, also, pointed out in earlier speeches, so far, proposals to have the Secretary of HHS negotiate drug prices have not been shown to actually saveany money. Our beloved Congressional Budget Office tells us that they cannot project savings by having a Government bureaucrat negotiate instead of plans negotiating. Nevertheless, here we are, in the new Congress, discussing this matter once again.  What I want to do today is put forward a picture of what Government negotiations might look like. Admittedly, doing this will require some speculation. Why is that necessary? It is necessary because Democrats have not provided many details on how they actually envision their requirement that the Secretary negotiate how that will work. This is despite the fact that some opponents of the noninterference clause have demagoged this issue for nearly 3 years. After 3 years, they are still out there saying the noninterference clause ought to go, but there are no details on how their plan will work. 