''  Before I discuss the specifics of the economic substance doctrine, I wish to put this revenue raiser in context. We have heard a lot about pay-go. That is short for pay as you go. If you want to spend money, either raise taxes to offset it or cut someplace else to offset it. Or if you want to cut taxes, raise taxes someplace else to pay for it or cut spending someplace else to pay for the tax decrease. But around here we use the term pay-go for short.  Now, of course, pay-go was in place for many years before the current policy was put into place after a few years of absence. The difference is the old version of pay-go applied it as a backstop to a budget resolution. So if a proposal spent more than the budget permitted and added to the deficit, a pay-go point of order was possible. Likewise, if a proposal to cut taxes more than the amount of the revenue the budget assumed would come in, pay-go would apply.  This year Congress is struggling because a rigid notion of pay-go has hamstrung the committees--meaning every committee of the Congress that processes revenue or spending policies. The rubber has hit the road with pay-go here, more so at the end of the session than throughout the rest of 2007, and it has been a somewhat bumpy road for all of us. Of course, I think this road is even going to get bumpier as time goes on between now and Christmas.  As everyone knows, Congress has a lot of unfinished business. I am going to focus on the unfinished tax business. I have a chart here I want to point to. It is a chart I have used before. This chart shows the unfinished tax business that has got to come before the Congress between now and Christmas. It accounts for all the bills we passed out of the Finance Committee. It also accounts for the expiring provisions that are known as tax extenders. The biggest item of the revenue loss chart is the alternative minimum tax and the fix for that alternative minimum tax so 19 million additional middle-income taxpayers and their families are not paying the AMT. You see all of those various aspects listed there separately--the 2007 AMT fix, 2008 AMT fix, 2008 extenders, the Energy bill that has already passed the Senate, the airport reauthorization bill, and then eventually we will spend some time on the farm bill. But you can see they add up to a heck of a lot of money.  Since we are in the 2008 fiscal year, I have included then extenders for 2008 and also carrying a fix for AMT for not only 2007 but 2008.  This chart accounts for the revenue loss from the farm bill package that is there at $13 billion. My chart shows the revenue loss side as demands on the water well there. It is at the top of the well in the bucket what the shortfall is there. There are a lot of thirsty bills that have to be paid for. Those thirsty bills carry a revenue loss of $170 billion over 5 years.  I have accounted for the revenue offsets. This figure includes all revenue raisers proposed by Senate Democrats that are specified and scored by the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation. That figure includes $32 billion from the Finance Committee-approved proposals and $29 billion in other proposals. That total is $61 billion. That is what we know for sure that has been thought up and probably has a great deal of support to accomplish.  This offset figure is calculated from the vantage point of the Senate Democratic leadership. In this total are proposals that House Democrats have opposed, such as shutting off the foreign subway leasing tax shelter, known as SILOS. In this total are proposals that most Senate Republicans have opposed, such as the reimposition of the Superfund taxes. In this total are many proposals that even the Bush administration has come out against.  Now with this favorable assumption to them, the pay-go advocates in the Senate need to know that as we stand here today, there is not enough known revenue to meet the pay-go requirements that are on this chart that obviously have to be dealt with between now and Christmas. In other words, the demands on the revenue well are $170 billion, and the available revenue raisers are only $61 billion. So that is a shortfall that is clear there, in the middle of the well--a shortfall of $109 billion. In other words, the revenue well is dry.  Now, $109 billion is a lot of money even here in Washington, DC. If the proposals are scored over 10 years, that shortfall does narrow slightly, from $109 billion down to $76 billion, and it ispossible that some of the revenue raisers in Chairman Rangel's bill may be pursued by the Senate Democratic leadership. But as it stands now, for unfinished tax business alone, by this accounting, we cannot meet the requirements that the Senate must meet that we call pay-go.  I point this out because everybody has to see this big picture. They seem to be missing the big picture on how we wrap up our overdue legislative business and meet the demands of the new pay-go rules. On the farm bill alone, my chart treats the farm bill as fully offset. My chart is created from the perspective of the Senate Democratic leadership, and so it shows the farm bill as offset. That is the way it is as it came out of the Senate Finance Committee.  The problem is that President Bush's opposition to the key revenue raiser is not accounted for in this chart. President Bush's position does matter. His opposition to any revenue raiser, but specifically this one, would have to be overcome with a veto override. As my friends and the Democratic leadership know, that happens to be a very tough hurdle, as we have found out, for instance, on the Children's Health Insurance Program recently before the House of Representatives.  My point is it is time to get practical around here. This chart of the water well shows that as we sit here today, looking at it from a Senate Democratic leadership perspective, the revenue well is dry. To insist on pay-go without a sense of realistically available offsets is trying to go up a blind alley. I say to my Democratic friends: At this late point in the legislative session, let us focus on what is practical. Let us apply the offsets we can agree to and in a manner we can agree on. We need to get to a posture of what can be agreed to by the House, by Senate Republicans, and by the White House. The AMT fix is the 800-pound gorilla in this discussion. It is $55 billion of the $109 billion shortfall. It affects 23 million families and could affect adversely another 27 million families. The AMT fix is long overdue. It needs to be completed expeditiously.  To address this important matter solely from a pay-go perspective is to ignore the realities that it needs to get done. Republicans are ready, Republicans are willing, and Republicans are able to help get this AMT fix done, and done very shortly, but for many reasons I have discussed all year, not at the price of offsets.  I will now go into the reasons why clarification of the economic substance doctrine is an appropriate revenue raiser and why it is basic to this farm bill before us, because it is a part of the farm bill; and why the President is crazy to use that as an excuse for vetoing the farm bill.  The provision made the Finance Committee package revenue neutral, raising $10 billion over 10 years. But I support codification of economic substance not just to raise revenue--although it does that, and it is important that it do that because otherwise we would not have our provisions offset, according to pay-go. As ranking member of the Finance Committee, and even when I was chairman in the last two Congresses, I have supported codification of economic substance because it is the right policy. This provision is an improved version of a provision that passed the Finance Committee and the full Senate in the last two Congresses.  The prior version was included in two bills passed by the full Senate in the 109th Congress, twice in the tax reconciliation bill, once in 2005 by a vote of 64 to 33, and again in 2006 by a vote of 66 to 31. It also passed the full Senate two times in the 108th Congress, once in the 2003 tax bill by a vote of 51 to 49 and again in the 2004 JOBS bill by a vote of 92 to 5.  This Senate is acquainted with the need to codify economic substance for us to do our job of making the Tax Code understandable so you do not get four different circuit courts of appeal giving four different definitions to economic substance. We ought to have one national policy on what is economic substance. Codifying it will clarify the test. It is a conjunctiva test requiring both a meaningful change in economic position and a business purpose, independent of Federal taxes. The courts are split on whether a transaction must have both economic substance as well as business purpose. This will give courts, then, a uniform doctrine to apply to noneconomic transactions that are inappropriately motivated solely to avoid Federal taxes--in other words, closing loopholes.  It will also ensure that a court will not overturn the doctrine, as a trial judge did in what is called the Coltec case, saying:       The use of the economic substance doctrine to trump the      mere compliance with the Code would violate the separation of      powers.  That judge--I don't have to say that judge was crazy because the court of appeals reversed that judge's decision. But I am still concerned that another strict constructionist judge might reach a similar conclusion. Most important, codifying the economic substance doctrine will provide an additional deterrent against taxpayers entering into transactions solely for tax purposes, in ways that are inconsistent with congressional intent.  As I said earlier, this provision is an improved version of what has already passed the Finance Committee and the full Senate more than once. So this Senate agrees with economic substance. But maybe Senators have forgotten how they voted 2 and 3 and maybe 5 years ago, so I am here to remind them this has been overwhelmingly accepted by the full Senate.  This improved version has modifications made in response to concerns of taxpayers that codification would throw legitimate tax planning into question and allow the IRS to substitute its business judgment for that of the taxpayers. I am going to talk about those modifications so people understand, and all these lawyers in this town who are concerned about our writing this, that they know we have taken some of their legitimate concerns into consideration.  For instance, the strict liability nature of the penalty has been retained in order to effectively deter taxpayers from entering into tax-motivated transactions in unintended ways. Indeed, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, the bulk of the revenue score is attributable to this strict liability penalty--not because the IRS will collect the penalty but because people are going to start obeying the law and change their behavior. The penalty will alter taxpayer behavior. It will cause taxpayers to forego entering into noneconomic, tax-motivated transactions that Congress never intended.  We have heard complaints that a strict liability penalty will cause IRS field agents to overreach and courts to be reluctant to apply the doctrine. These are serious concerns, and we have addressed those concerns by requiring the IRS to nationally coordinate through the Chief Counsel's Office when the penalty is asserted and/or when it is compromised. This procedure is similar to a process currently used by the IRS to designate cases for litigation.  As a protective measure, taxpayers will be permitted to make their case to the IRS at the national level before a penalty is asserted. Of course, cases involving the economic substance doctrine should be going through Chief Counsel anyway, and taxpayers currently have the ability to persuade the IRS not to assert a penalty. But because of the strict liability nature of this penalty, it is important to formalize this process and move it to a higher level of review.  Getting the Chief Counsel's Office involved earlier in this controversy will help taxpayers and the IRS resolve or make litigation decisions regarding tax shelters earlier.  We have also lowered the penalty for undisclosed transactions from 40 percent to 30 percent to bring it in line with the penalty on undisclosed listed transactions.  The proposal to codify economic substance has been controversial, even though it has passed the Finance Committee and the full Senate in the last two Congresses. Taxpayers and practitioners expressed legitimate concerns about it. We have addressed those concerns--maybe not in the way everybody wants, but I think we have done it in a responsible way.  As a general matter, in my tenure as chairman of the Finance Committee before we went into the minority this year, I am proud to have kept taxes down. During my tenure, we enacted bipartisan tax relief bills that totaled over $2 trillion over 10 years. So forcritics who look at any change in the Tax Code, regardless of how legitimate it is, even regardless of not doing it for revenue-raising measures--they look at everything and say: You are changing the Tax Code; you are raising taxes--I am here to tell them on this issue of economic substance how ridiculous that is. So for the critics of this revenue raiser, I would refer them to my record of keeping taxes down.  By the way, for those on the liberal side of the political spectrum, I point out, as a percentage of GDP, the Federal Treasury is taking in a percentage that is above the post-World War II average.  Codifying the economic substance doctrine should be considered on its merits. It should not be dismissed because it scores as a revenue raiser. It should not be endorsed either because it scores as a revenue raiser. In my view, it should be enacted because it is the right tax policy. Folks need to take off the bean-counting green eyeshades and look at the tax policy.  The same goes for the long overdue AMT fix that I have talked about. It is not about maximizing Federal revenues. It is about fair taxation for 19 million middle-income families.  I am done, Mr. President, but I want to digress for one minute for the benefit of faceless bureaucrats down at the White House. I want to talk to those people who maybe were advising the President, and they put it in his veto message, that one of the reasons he was vetoing the Children's Health Insurance Program is because our bill allowed families earning up to $83,000 to have their children in a government program--when quite obviously most people making that kind of income can have health insurance. What I have said to those very same people who put that in the President's message is it was not in our bill; that States could do that. That has been in the law for 10 years. But nobody pointed that out to the President. Some stupid person said to the President: This bill allows people with $83,000 to get it. It didn't have anything to do with that. It was in the law for 10 years.  I want those faceless bureaucrats to read why we are doing economic substance. It is about time Congress does its job and the courts don't do the job we are supposed to do. Four circuit courts of appeal have defined and found fault with various aspects of economic substance. They said it is time for Congress to define it.  Yes, it is a revenue raiser, but it is not one of these changes in tax policy that is a change in rates of taxation that you can legitimately call tax increases. But somebody down there at the White House is telling the President this is a tax increase. What we are trying to do is do our job. This cannot be a reason for vetoing the farm bill.  If anybody down at the White House wants to discuss my rationale for this, come up and I will sit down and talk with them, or I will even go down there if they want to talk about it.  I yield the floor. I guess nobody else wants to speak, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.  