 President, this is the third amendment today that has been very detrimental to the future of ethanol and other renewable fuels.  If we had had this attitude expressed 20 years ago when we started, in a very elementary way, down the road to a successful renewable fuels industry that we are now developing, and it is still an infant industry, we would never be here today, where we could say that we have a strong opportunity of renewable fuels.  This is the third amendment that raises questions about whether we are going to continue to have investment in renewable fuel production and everything that is connected with it.  Something that bothers me more than anything else, and I have expressed it on previous amendments today, is throughout the development of renewable fuels, and particularly agriculture being the production of the renewable feedstock, we have always had agriculture very much united between renewable fuels.  Within the last 4 or 5 months, because corn has gone from $2 to $4 a bushel, we now have beef producers raising questions about whether we ought to have an ethanol industry. You have the pork producers--and evidently we have the poultry people--raising the same question. If agriculture is not going to be united, if they had not been united, we would never have gotten here. I do not know what happens in a matter of 4 or 5 months, that after 20 years, all of a sudden things are bad about renewable fuels, and the farmer is being blamed for everything, $4 corn, food going up, energy prices going up.  You know, food prices, a farmer gets a nickel out of a big box of Corn Flakes that is half full of air when you buy it for $4. The farmer is being blamed for $4 corn, raising the price of food, raising the price of energy, causing livestock feed to go up.  You know, for the last 40 years, we have had a principle in agriculture that we call the hog-corn ratio. It was never felt, during the corn-hog ratio, when you use that, that the high price of corn was bad for livestock because, youknow, livestock prices would soon rise, and it was considered good, good, good. Everything about ethanol has been considered good, good, good: Good for the farmers, good for the environment, good for high-paying jobs in the small towns of rural America, good for national defense because of less dependence upon violent parts of the world for petroleum to be delivered, good for our balance of trade. Everything is good, good, good about renewable energy.  Now, in the last 4 or 5 months--do you think the price of corn is going to be $3.50 or $4 forever? This fall at harvest time, we might find corn at $2.50. We had 77 million acres of corn planted last year. We have 91.5 million acres believed to be planted this year. When June 30 comes and the USDA makes their next report, it may be 95 million acres of corn--the most acres planted since 1944. When you have that supply of grain coming in, the fact that the price is going to be where it is today is a dream. In 1995, we had a drought. Corn got to $4 or $5. Everybody thought it was going to be $4 or $5 for the next 5 years. The next harvest season, it was down to $1.60 a bushel. Here we have people raising questions about the stock ratio, the stock on hand that we have of grain, that when it gets down to a certain level, we are not going to use grain for renewable fuels. What are you going to do? Are you going to go shut down every ethanol plant that is operating in the United States? What other amendment comes to the floor with the idea that we are going to shut down an industry under certain circumstances? It never happens.  This is not a very good approach, particularly the use of stock ratios as proposed in this amendment. There are even questions about the use of that among economists at this point.  This is a very bad amendment for renewable fuels, for agriculture. All that is good about renewable fuels, and you shut down the whole industry, it is for naught. You can't do that.  I ask Members to vote against the amendment.  