  I thank Chairman Lieberman and Ranking Member Collins of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for their quick action on the nomination, and I also thank Chairman Conrad and Ranking Member Gregg of the Budget Committee for helping to move this nomination along very quickly. Also, of course, I thank the majority leader, Senator Reid, for making time in the Senate's hectic schedule for the consideration of this most important nomination.  I have known Jim Nussle for nearly 27 years. I first met him when, as a student at Luther College, he drove me around the State as I campaigned in my first run for the Senate. He was elected to the U.S. House in 1991 at the age of 30. Congressman Nussle quickly rose through the ranks as chairman of a committee, and he excelled in that very important leadership role as chairman of the Budget Committee.  Congressman Nussle and I share a strong belief that we here in Washington hold a great responsibility to be wise stewards of the taxpayers' money. He took this responsibility very seriously and acted on it early in his congressional career. Few have worked as hard as Congressman Nussle to ferret out wasteful and unnecessary Federal spending. If confirmed for the OMB Director, I am certain he will continue to be one of the taxpayers' advocates there in that new position.  When he was chairman of the House Budget Committee, Jim Nussle did not just focus on short-term goals; he looked down the road at long-term challenges. As an example, in the Deficit Reduction Act, with Jim's leadership at the Budget Committee, Congress took an important first step in reforming our entitlement spending. This step saved taxpayers nearly $40 billion over a 5-year period of time.  Jim Nussle also understands that the Federal budget process can and needs to be improved. He chaired a bipartisan task force in the late 1990s and developed a bipartisan initiative termed the ``Comprehensive Budget Process Reform Act of 1998,'' and he did it in a bipartisan way with then-Congressman and fellow Senator Ben Cardin. In working with then-Congressman Cardin, he demonstrated his abilities to work across the aisle and develop bipartisan products.  This respect for the other side continued during his time as Budget chairman. During the Senate Budget Committee's hearings to consider his nomination, House Budget Chairman Spratt attested to the respectful manner in which Congressman Nussle handled the Budget Committee under his chairmanship. Chairman Spratt, then the ranking member, spoke to the fair and collegial treatment the minority received while Jim Nussle was its chairman and to Congressman Nussle's knowledge of the budget process.  I believe it is Congressman Nussle's qualifications and respect from all sides that led to a unanimous vote in favor of his nomination by the Homeland Security Committee and by the 22-to-1 vote in the Budget Committee. Yet some have chosen to use Congressman Nussle's nomination to take issue with the President's fiscal and economic policies. So I would point out to my colleagues that while they portray the economy as nothing but doom and gloom, the facts suggest otherwise.  Unemployment remains at historically low levels. Most recently, the unemployment rate stood at 4.6 percent. July was the 47th consecutive month with job gains, and over 8.3 million new jobs have been created during those 47 months. The fact is, the economy is resilient and growing. We have had 23 consecutive quarters of growth in the gross domestic product.  Contrary to the arguments of some of my colleagues, the budget deficit has been coming down year by year. This year's deficit is estimated to be 1.5 percent of our gross domestic product, and that is lower than the 40-year average of 2.4 percent of GDP. The reduction in the deficit is largely due to the higher than anticipated revenues coming into the Federal Treasury, and this increase in Federal revenue has occurred since the bipartisan tax relief plans passed in 2001 and 2003.  While those on the other side may argue that we are undertaxed, I would like to point out that this year's receipts are projected at 18.8 percent of gross domestic product. That is higher than the historic norm over a 30-year average of 18.3 percent. So while Congress and the President acted in a bipartisan way in response to the economic effects of the tech bubble burst and the attacks of September 11, 2001, we are still generating the necessary revenues to operate the Federal budget at historic levels.  Where would our economy be today if Congress had not enacted a bipartisan economic stimulus tax package? Would our economy have weathered the crash of the NASDAQ in 2000 when it lost 50 percent of its value or the economic shock after the 9/11 attacks in 2001? Would we have come out of it with such resilience as we have without those tax bills having passed? Would we have such low unemployment, strong GDP growth, or the creation of those over 8 million jobs without that tax relief? Now, these are fair questions that the critics of the President's economic policies ought to consider.  Regardless, we are here today to consider the nomination of Congressman Nussle to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. However you feel about the President's economic policies, I think we should all agree that the President has the right to choose his Director for the Office of Management and Budget. Rather than delay and object to considerations of this nominee, I believe it makes more sense to confirm the President's highly qualified choice and get to the work of finishing the peoples' business.  We have a serious challenge ahead of us. With only 1 of 12 annual appropriations bills having even been considered by the Senate, we find ourselves less than 4 weeks away from the end of the fiscal year. In order for this process to get underway in earnest, it is important that the President has his choice of Budget Director in place. Given Congressman Nussle's experience, knowledge, and commitment to public service, it is fitting that he has been nominated to be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.  Jim Nussle is highly qualified. He knows the budget. He understands Congress, and he is a decent, honorable public servant. So I hope the Senate will see fit to confirm Jim Nussle to OMB Director.  I think the people who gave me the additional time ought to have it back.  