 But in all of this conversation about Senator Lott, there has been some levity. I am not going to be able to add to that because my wife always tells me every time I try to be funny, I kind of screw up. So I want to add to the business aspect of Senator Lott and the Senate.  I think most of the tribute I heard praised Senator Lott for making the Senate work, the process of the Senate, moving things through the Senate, making the Senate a great part of our institution of self-government, and he does that. But I would like to talk about the substance of policy I have seen Trent Lott bring to the Senate and bring to the people, and whatever I talk about is part of the laws of the United States to which I think he has contributed.  Like all of my colleagues, it is hard for me to imagine the Congress, and especially the Senate, without Trent Lott being a part of it.  I met my friend Trent Lott when I was elected to the House of Representatives in 1974. He had already been in the House of Representatives at that time for 2 years. As has been said so many times, he went on to become a very competent House Republican whip, first showing what a successful national leader he would prove to be again and again, as he is now in that position in the Senate.  I also remember talking with Congressman Lott 8 years after I came to the Senate, as he was imagining whether he should run for the Senate. But it has really only been in the last 12 years that I have had the opportunity to work most closely with Senator Lott. He has been a very strong ally, particularly for me as a leader on the Finance Committee, but he has also, on occasion, been a worthy opponent.  Senator Lott has fought tirelessly for legislation that respects the principle of less government and more freedom, particularly economic freedom. His support for tax relief, expanded market opportunities for U.S. manufacturers and for job creation, and for consumer-driven health care has been essential to the many successful legislative initiatives that have come from the Committee on Finance in recent years.  Back in 1997, as a new member of the Finance Committee, Senator Lott worked for passage of the Tax Relief Act of 1997. This legislation included a $500-per-child tax credit, a 20-percent capital gains tax rate, the Roth IRA, and estate tax relief for small businesses. In fact, Senator Lott was a leading proponent of capital gains tax relief, and he remains unfailing today in his commitment to this vitally important progrowth tax policy.  In 1998, Senator Lott was a key player on the Finance Committee in putting together a final agreement on the highway bill.  In 2001, when I became chairman of the Finance Committee and we had the opportunity to pass the largest tax relief bill in a generation, Senator Lott was Republican leader at that time, but he continued as a member of the Finance Committee and in turn an essential supporter and contributor to what has become known as the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001. This legislation lowered rates for all taxpayers, made the Tax Code more progressive, and created the first ever 10-percent marginal tax rate.  Two years later, after September 11, we were at work on the Finance Committee to pass legislation to stimulate the economy. Again, Senator Lott was in the forefront as an advocate for reducing the capital gains tax rate to 15 percent, where it is today. Senator Lott weighed in heavily to get it done. Also, with lowering taxes on income from dividends and capital gains, the Job Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 accelerated some of the tax changes passed in 2001 and increased the exemption amount for the alternative minimum tax. 