 I say ``overinclusive'' because it included the universe of revenue raisers that the Democratic caucus supported. Republicans supported many, but not all, of these offsets.  Joint Tax scored these revenue raisers during last year's budget debate. According to the Joint Tax experts, that universe of Senate offsets raised $53.6 billion over 5 years. That is this chart right here: $53.6 billion. At that time, I noted that the budget resolution assumed several billion in revenue raisers to cover part of the reconciliation bill. Indeed, in the reconciliation conference, we used eight of these revenue raisers. They accounted for about $9 billion--and I should say only $9 billion over 5 years. I had hoped to use additional raisers accounting for about $7.5 billion over 5 years, but the House rejected that, and we then found some offsets someplace else. So we will take a look at them.  If you account for the revenue offsets left over, you can subtract out another 10 revenue-raising proposals that are in the Senate's small business minimum wage bill. Those revenue raisers--and those are things which had just been before the Senate--those revenue raisers included $8.7 billion over 5 years. That is this figure here.  Of the raisers in the 2005 substitute amendment, about $18 billion of those were enacted or are in play in discussions between the House and the Senate. So if we review the Senate Democratic inventory of identified as well as scored revenue raisers and net out current law and Senate-passed tax legislation, we find 18 revenue proposals available. These are proposals the Democratic caucus has advocated that are left over. They raise approximately $36 billion over 5 years.  Everyone should know there are revenue raisers in that total I just recited that the administration doesn't support. You don't have to let that detract you from it, but those would be issues which would be subject to, I suppose, a Presidential veto.  Let's forget that for the moment. There are many in this total that the House and Senate Republicans don't support. As we have found in the small business tax relief discussions, House Democrats aren't keen on some of these proposals either. Nevertheless, to bend over backward and to be fair to the Senate Democratic leadership, I am going to tally the proposals they have supported as a caucus.  Let me repeat the total corporate loophole closers and other offsets Democrats have defined. It is $36 billion over 5 years. Put another way, I would like to say it is only $36 billion over 5 years, but I want you to see what they want to use that $36 billion for--presumably to cover a lot of other expenditures they can't do because the numbers don't allow it. That total of $36 billion, then, provides a ceiling of offsets to compare to the spending amendments.  Let's go back and match the spending amendments with the universe of Democratic revenue raisers. The revenue raised is a far cry from the cumulative demand of the amendments that were filed. The amendments that have been filed that propose to use those tax loophole closers as offsets total $105 billion in new spending. So the Senate Democrats propose $36 billion in revenue raisers that were supposed to offset $105 billion in new spending, but it doesn't add up. That means the spending exceeded revenue raisers by $69 billion.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a list of the Democratic amendments to the fiscal year 2007 budget resolution be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:[GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TS08MR07.001[GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TS08MR07.002[GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TS08MR07.003  