 But I was around when we set up the Federal crop insurance program. I wish to reflect on the rationale behind it and then, consequently, why I am going to vote against Senator Brown's amendment.  Remember, for decades of a farm program, we may have had some crop insurance through the Government--and for hail through the private sector--that farmers could buy for some protection, but, for the most part, against natural disasters people relied upon the political whims of Congress to vote for or not to vote for disaster aid.  So this crop insurance program was put in place to give farmers the ability to manage their risk, let the individual farmer make some determinations so he can take risks out of farming, out of the natural disasters that are connected with it--even now, you can take some of the price questions out that are involved with it--and manage his own risk as opposed to relying upon the Senators and the Congressmen to vote or not to vote or when to vote for disaster relief.  So we put this in place. In order for it to be successful, you have to have a network to carry it out. This network is a private-sector network. I think it is working very well. I think it is in jeopardy if the Brown amendment is adopted.  So I have some concerns about the amendment. It could have some very detrimental impacts on the crop insurance program that is so valuable to rural America. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment because I do not believe the amendment is reform. It moves us back to a time when there was more of a reliance upon the political whims of Washington to devote disaster relief.  The amendment seeks to further cut support of the Federal crop insurance program by several billion dollars simply to fund other projects. Additional cuts beyond what the Agriculture Committee has already adopted will prevent the program from providing assistance to America's farmers that is so vital to risk management.  Over the years, Congress has insisted on having the Federal crop insurance program reach out to all farmers, especially small, beginning, and limited-recourse farmers. This is to be done in a fair, equitable, and nondiscriminatory manner, serving as an effective risk-management tool that all can use.  According to the Department of Agriculture, the program is succeeding at this objective. Additionally, crop insurance has become essential to many farmers in securing credit from a bank, rental agreements, as well as providing confidence to more effectively market their crops through the futures market where they can capture higher prices.  The farmers in my State and across the country have used this tool over and over. It must be effective or they would not be using it and paying the premiums each year.  The Senate Agriculture Committee reported a farm bill that contained a two-point cut to the administrative and operating reimbursement, a cut that represents nearly $750 million in reduced program cost. Any cuts to the A reimbursement rate beyond those two points that were agreed upon by the committee will likely undermine the program by threatening the service America's farmers both need and deserve.  Further cuts could also jeopardize the continued viability of the private delivery system that is vital to the program's success. This could put private-sector employees out of work and result in the hiring of new Federal employees to serve farmers. Private-sector delivery is efficient and results in good services.  Approximately 30,000 jobs are created by this industry. Those would be in jeopardy, and we would not have small farmers and ranchers serviced the way they are now.  Further, the amendment's proposal to increase the quota share could weaken the crop insurance program and may result in private insurers exiting the program.  In fact, increasing the quota share is counter to the Federal policy of the past 25 years, which successfully has shifted more risk to the private sector for two primary reasons. First, private companies do a better job at loss adjustment. Both the Inspector General and the GAO have repeatedly focused on that point. Second, by shifting more risk to the private sector, Federal costs should be lower over time, as companies have more financial responsibility for indemnities.  It has taken more than 25 years, and we do not want to lose that 25 years.  As a matter of transparency, I wish to tell everybody in the Senate that I participate in a crop insurance program. My constituents ought to know it, and my colleagues voting on it ought to know that as well.  