 President, I now wish to address this body about some investigations I have been doing over a long period of time.  This is a report to my colleagues that senior executives at the General Services Administration may have failed to meet their responsibilities to the American taxpayers. These issues were carefully examined in two oversight investigations conducted by my staff. These investigations have uncovered a disturbing change of circumstances at the General Services Administration.  In a nutshell, it is this way: These studies indicate that top-level General Services Administration management interfered in contract negotiations with Sun Microsystems. They put pressure on contract officers to sign a potentially bad contract. When that person refused, they had that contract officer removed under duress.  All the evidence from this investigation suggests that this particular contractor had been overcharging the Federal Government for years. The contract officer believed the proposed terms were still not fair to the Government. Even worse, these reports also indicate that allegations of intimidation against the General Services Administration Office of Inspector General and its auditors may have been fabricated. This may have been done to cover high-level pressure on contract officers or maybe because the new contract was signed on terms dictated by the contractor. When I asked for audits of the new contract, this contractor resisted tooth and nail, and in the end they canceled the contract before audits could be completed. I want to repeat that, because this is the bottomline. When I asked for audits of this new contract, this contractor resisted tooth and nail, and in the end they canceled the contract before the audit could be completed. That ought to tell you something about that contract.  I think it is important my colleagues know what my staff uncovered at the GSA, not merely for the purpose of pointing out mistakes but for the purpose of seeking solutions, because these investigations are about fixing a problem.  Let me set the record straight. This is not some sort of witch hunt for the Administrator of GSA or anything else. Quite simply, this is oversight and investigation, or O, as we call it around here on the Hill.  In doing this oversight and investigation work, I am fulfilling one of the most sacred responsibilities of a Member of Congress. As with all my investigations, I want to be certain every tax dollar is spent wisely and according to law--nothing more, nothing less. With that in mind, I want to address the findings of these investigations that are documented in separate staff reports.  The oversight work began last September when I was informed Administrator Lurita Doan of the GSA was attempting to cut the inspector general's budget for audits. These are the policemen to see that the money we appropriate is spent wisely. It appeared that this administrator was attempting to neutralize the inspector general, especially in the area of oversight of Government contracts. This was a red warning flag, so I decided to dig deeper.  The Administrator was alleging that the Office of Inspector General--or I might refer to that as the OIG--was abusing its power by threatening and intimidating Government contracting officers and vendors. These allegations were raised by the Administrator in numerous statements, publicly and internally, and in letters to me. According to three separate witnesses, Administrator Doan even compared the inspector general officials to terrorists.  These allegations concerned me for two reasons: First, I was extremely concerned that sworn Federal law enforcement agencies and agents, and accredited auditors, might be abusing their power. Second, if there was no factual foundation for these allegations, if they were fabricated, where did they come from and why did they come?  I asked Administrator Doan to provide me with specific examples of the alleged intimidation. Since she had aired these allegations in public, I thought she would provide me with specific details to support the charges. The fact is, she could not. In reality, only one specific instance was brought to my attention. In the end, my staff could find no evidence whatsoever to support those allegations. Sadly, it appears as if that one specific allegation was fabricated to cover up intense top-down pressure on contract auditors to award a contract that was detrimental to the taxpayers.  It was a bureaucratic smokescreen that opened a much larger can of worms. That can of worms was a contract awarded to Sun Microsystems, Inc. in 1999 for computer products and services. The inspector general had this particular contract under a microscope for several years. The IG audits indicated that Sun had failed to report significant discounts given to commercial contractors, as mandated by the contract; in other words, transparency when you are doing business with the Federal Government. Because this information was withheld--in other words, their commercial contract arrangements--Government customers paid much higher prices than Sun's commercial customers. The Government was losing money because of these unfair pricing policies, losses potentially in the tens of millions of dollars. These and other alleged contract violations, including potential fraud, were referred to the Department of Justice and now are in the Federal courts.  The alleged fraud was first reported to General Services Administration management in February of 2005. GSA management had several options, including seeking a better contract, canceling that contract, or suspension. In fact, three GSA contracting officers who handled the Sun contract attempted all three remedies. In each case, intervention from upper management at GSA blocked those moves. Upper management turned a blind eye to the alleged fraud, preferring instead to do business as usual. Then they began applying serious pressure on the contracting officer to extend the contract with Sun for another 5 years.  In August of last year, the GSA contracting officer assigned to the Sun contract dug in his heels, holding out for a better deal, protecting the taxpayers of the United States. He believed the terms offered by Sun in negotiations were not fair to the Government.  Now, if you ask senior GSA management, you get a very different story. Those individuals, including Ms. Doan and FAS Commissioner Williams, claimed this contracting officer was so intimidated, browbeaten, even, by OIG auditors, that he had to be replaced. The facts, however, do not support that allegation or explanation.  The contracting officer and his immediate supervisor both deny experiencing any intimidation from the inspector general auditors. They say, in fact, it never even happened. The source of the allegations has changed her story several times. In fact, she continued to support the contracting officer's position in negotiations--a position that was fully aligned with the inspector general auditors' position--even after claiming he was being intimidated into that position by the same auditors. If that position was tainted by the inspector general auditor intimidation, why would she support it?  One other fact seems to have escaped the GSA managers making these allegations. IG auditors have no direct influence over a contracting officer's career. The only person with that kind of authority is the contracting officer's supervisors, not the inspector general.  There is some irony here too. The same GSA managers who accuse the OIG auditors of intimidating this contracting officer had themselves attempted in vain to intimidate him into awarding the contract.  So it seems that GSA management tried to turn the concept of intimidation upside down. Now, why would they do that?  The evidence suggests these allegations were a smokescreen to hide the actions of the General Services Administration management. They used it for cover while ramming through a contract that may be bad for the taxpayers. There should be no greater motivation for those in Government procurement than protecting the taxpayers' money. Contracting officers who are warranted by this Government should be allowed to fight in negotiations for the best deal for the taxpayers, saving money where they can. Any pressure, any suggestion, any direct involvement by management to thwart that mission would be out of line. What Administrator Doan, Commissioner Williams, and others did to short circuit this process, then, is entirely wrong. To turn up the pressure, senior GSA officials, including Administrator Doan, were communicating directly with Sun Microsystems, Inc. and their lobbyists during negotiations. They made sure that contracting officer knew about that contact they were having. What kind of message does that send to a contracting officer fighting for a good contract to save the taxpayers' money? What kind of message does that send to the current and potential Government contractors, wherever they might be?  I would say that, at the very least, it tells them that if you don't like the deal offered by the contracting officer, go over his or her head. Go to the very top. Get the problem fixed. Get the price you want out of the taxpayers. It also says if the contracting officer is in the way, get rid of the contracting officer and get one who will do the dirty deed.  It would be bad enough were this the end of the story, but it isn't. After forcing out the contracting officer, GSA management assigned a new officer. It took her 9 days to negotiate a final deal with Sun. But what did the Government get?  In interviews, this new contracting officer claimed that she didn't need to talk to IG auditors who had years of knowledge on the Sun contract. She claimed she could solve any impasse in negotiations by listening to what thecontractor had to say. Many of the provisions she adopted were ones steadfastly opposed by the previous contracting officer--the very same ones that led to the so-called ``impasse'' and the removal of that contracting officer.  The new contracting officer even admitted during questioning that she did not fully understand key provisions of the contract. She admitted making ``big oversights'' in some of the contract terms. I fear the Government got a contract based on terms that were dictated by the contractor. I ask you: Is this GSA management's idea of how to negotiate?  After my staff interviewed the new contracting officer, I realized I needed to know more about the new contract. That is the one signed in September 2006. Was the Government continuing to lose money due to the unfair pricing and unreported discounts that they had with the commercial sector?  As a Member of the Senate who cares deeply about oversight, I would have been remiss in not asking more questions. So on June 5, 2007, I asked the GSA inspector general to conduct an audit. I asked the IG to look at the terms of this new contract.  Now, if this contract was such a ``good deal for America,'' as has been suggested by Sun on the one hand and GSA management on the other hand, then one would think Sun would rush to cooperate. Wouldn't they? Well, they did not. Instead, for 3 months, Sun complained to me, they procrastinated, they withheld information and fought the audit at every step. They also lashed out at the GSA inspector general, claiming bias--maybe because the IG had nailed him in the past. To his credit, IG Brian Miller held his ground and forged ahead with the audit.  This is what happened, and sadly so, because you don't get to the bottom of it then. Sun chose to cancel this contract on September 13 of this year, without waiting for the completion of those audits. This entire situation is extremely unfortunate, possibly preventable, and certainly baffling. Why would Sun cancel a contract that it had fought so hard to get? Did Sun have something to hide?  Government contracting, particularly multiple award schedule contracting, appears to be in serious jeopardy. Contracting officers are in short supply and are quitting in alarming numbers. They are overworked, they are stressed, and some try to juggle 100 or more contracts at any given time. With that kind of workload, assuring contract compliance is out of the question.  One of the culprits here may be the industrial funding fee structure we use in Government. This is money that the GSA charges other agencies that tap into governmentwide contracts negotiated by GSA. These fees are the lifeblood of the General Services Administration and are responsible for the lion's share of the agency's budget. The incentive is to maximize fees and agency profits. This creates what has been described as a ``perverse incentive.'' Getting the best deal for the Government and the taxpayers gets lost in the drive for more contracts that generate more fees to fill that agency's coffers.  I feel the Sun contract fiasco may be only the tip of the iceberg. I hope it is an exception, but many contracting officials suggested otherwise.  Am I suggesting that Government procurement is broken beyond repair? No. I do think that GSA procurement officials have a lot of work to do to make sure these situations are corrected. They certainly need to clean up their act, and they will need to make hard choices to fix these problems.  GSA has a professional force of contracting officers. GSA management needs to let them negotiate the best deal possible without interference from the top. Interference in that process as evidenced by the Sun negotiations may not violate the law, but it is not right and it does not protect the taxpayers.  Senior GSA management needs to realize that what may be profitable or strategically important for the GSA may not always be in the best interests of the taxpayers. GSA managers also need to recognize the need for oversight and followup on awarded contracts. Contract officers need to be able to fight for the best possible deal for the taxpayers, even if it means the loss of a contract that is lucrative to the agency for their operating expenses, or for the vendor. GSA must never forget that the real customer is the American taxpayer.  Today, I am forwarding three investigative reports to Administrator Doan, to the GSA inspector general, to the House and Senate oversight committees, and the White House Chief of Staff for review. These reports contain proprietary and privacy-protected information and will not be made public by me. The reports provide in great detail the results of these significant investigations into the allegations of inspector general auditor intimidation and top-level GSA management intervention in the Sun Microsystems contract negotiations.  As I said, it is not my intent to point the finger at any one individual or company. My sole purpose is to get to the bottom of what may be a significant problem in Government contracting and, of course, get it fixed. I respectfully ask GSA Administrator Doan and the inspector general to address the problems identified in these reports and to take appropriate action in the future. I hope GSA will do a better job of protecting the taxpayers' money.  I apologize to the chairman and ranking member of the Labor-HHS Subcommittee for taking this time, but I believed I needed to respond to some of the speeches that were made about the health program before I gave my report on my investigation.  I yield the floor.  