 President, I am a cosponsor of Senator Dorgan's amendment called the Pharmaceutical Market Access and Drug Safety Act. We want to add the provisions on the importation of drugs to this measure. Obviously, I support that effort. That legislation is the result of a collaborative effort by this Senator, Senator Dorgan, Senator Snowe, and Senator Kennedy to finally make drug importation legal in this country. This is one effort which I hope the new Democratic Congress can finally get passed because last time, my own party did not want to see this passed, even though I worked hard to get that done.  Now is the time for us to make this happen. This is a golden opportunity this year to get it done. I think we are well on the way to getting it done.  I have been a longtime proponent of drug importation. In the years 2000, 2002, and 2003, I supported amendments permitting importation of prescription drugs from one country--Canada.  In 2004, Senator Kennedy and I worked together on a bill that would authorize drug importation, but it did not survive the partisan politics of that year.  I then introduced my own drug importation bill in 2004 with the number S. 2307. After introducing my bill, I began working in conjunction with the efforts of Senator Dorgan, Senator Snowe, and Senator Kennedy. So in this provision before us, we combined our efforts so that we could all get behind the same bill and have a better chance of getting it passed. Of course, that is where we are, working together this very minute.  Making it legal for Americans to import their prescription drugs is a top priority at the grassroots level, as it shows up in my 99 town meetings I have every year in each of our 99 counties, and I have been doing that for 26 years. So I think I have a feel for what the grassroots of my State wants Congress to hear.  This is one issue about which I constantly hear, although I am probably hearing it a little bit less now that we have the Part D provisions of the Medicare bill because for people who couldn't afford drugs, who maybe relied on imports or at least drugs from other countries, they are able to get them a little better through the subsidization under the Part D Program. But I still hear about this issue, and that is why I am still working to get it passed. So this needs to be a top priority in Washington as it is at the grassroots of America.  I have long advocated allowing American consumers access to safe drugs from other countries, but I have not looked at this solely or even most importantly as a health issue. I have looked at it more often as a free-trade issue. Imports of any kind coming into our country create competition and keep domestic industry of all segments of our economy more responsive to the consumer, giving the consumer what they want at a price they are willing to pay and a quality they care about.  In the United States, we seem to import anything that the consumer wants to buy in America, but we don't do it for pharmaceuticals. So why not, with this legislation, do for pharmaceuticals what we do for everything else American consumers want to buy? That is what breaking down the barriers to trade is all about. That is where our country has been for 50 years, breaking down barriers to trade around the world. Yet we keep this barrier up. Consumers in the United States then pay far more for prescription drugs than those in other countries.  If Americans could legally and safely access prescription drugs outside the United States, then drug companies would be forced to reevaluate pricing strategies. More competition would have an impact. 