  And then in another place:       There are a lot of people who worked hard on this bill who      aren't here--Senator Daschle, Congressman Gephardt--  He went on to name other Members--     led by truly tireless John Sweeney.  And there was applause. Now, some of the same people are objecting to what we are doing now.  Another quote:       I would also like a very special word of thanks to the      business owners, especially the small business owners who      supported this bill. Many of the minimum wage employers I      talked to wanted to pay their employees more than $4.25 an      hour and would be happy to do so as long as they can do it      without hurting their businesses, and that means their      competitors have to do the same thing. This bill will allow      them to compete and win, to have happier, more productive      employees, and to know they are doing the right thing. For      all those small businesses, I am very, very appreciative.  Continuing:       I would also say that this bill does a remarkable number of      things for small businesses. . . .[a]nd we know that most of      the new jobs in America are being created by small- and      medium-sized businesses. In 1993 I--  Meaning President Clinton--     proposed a $15,000 increase in the amount of capital a small      business can expense, to spark the kind of investment that      they need to create jobs.       As the Vice President said--  Meaning at that time Mr. Gore--     this bill also includes a Work Opportunity Tax Credit to      provide jobs for the most economically disadvantaged working      Americans, including people who want to move from welfare to      work. Now, there will be a tightly drawn economic incentive      for people to hire those folks and give them a chance to      enter the workforce, as well.  Well, if Senators who were on the stage at that time thought that the work opportunity tax credit was a good thing to have, why isn't it a good thing to have it here, to extend it? Why not?  This is a win-win situation. There is a win for the workers, a win for small business. Why should we chortle over a little thing such as increasing the minimum wage or having a tax provision in it?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Casey). The Senator from Massachusetts.  