 President, as we consider the Senate amendment to the omnibus bill, I have to ask: Why are we still here? I have to ask: Didn't we already go through this exercise? I have to ask: Aren't we finished with the Senate debate?  In the face of the urgent need to enact an AMT patch, does the House Democratic leadership want the Senate to reenact recent debates and resuscitate old talking points? Our un-offset AMT patch already passed with the support of 88 Senators.  While I believe this legislation is extremely important and we will debate it for as long as is necessary, I question the necessity of going through a process that resulted in overwhelming bipartisan passage of the same bill 2 weeks ago.  That is my first point. This is, in fact, a curious exercise. It is an exercise with no apparent purpose other than delay. Is the delay on the part of the House Democratic leadership important? Why doesn't the House send the amended House bill which cleared this Chamber by a vote of 88 to 5 to the President of the United States for signature? Because President Bush will sign it. That bill does meet--again the words from the letter of the chairman of the committee--that bill does meet the mutually agreeable criteria of the tax writers' letter. The amendment before us, just as the prior House vote, does not meet the mutually agreeable criteria that was in that letter.  Nearly all House and Senate Republicans have a problem with this amendment and its predecessor that failed in the Senate. The problem is not necessarily with the offsets themselves. Some of them might be acceptable tax policy to this Senator and others on our side. The debate and resistance on our side rests with a bigger principle. It is about accepting the notion that the unintended reach of the AMT should be permitted unless we find offsetting revenue from other taxpayers; in other words, other taxpayers being taxed to offset revenue from middle-income taxpayers who were never supposed to pay this tax in the first place. It is the use of the AMT then as an open-ended revenue-generating machine that creates problems on the Republican side of the aisle.  I am going to point to another chart to illustrate this debate. This is a chart of a very fine horse, a horse named Trigger and his rider Roy Rogers. Trigger is a fine horse, but he is dead. He is very dead. Trigger is so dead that he is stuffed and resides in a museum. This debate is the practice of beating a dead horse. It would be like tourists taking swipes at Trigger as they go through the museum. Everyone knows beating a dead horse is a waste of time, but that is what we are doing. We need to stop beating a dead horse. We need to show our good friends in the House Democratic leadership that they need to stop reviving a dead horse of an offset AMT patch. It is a dead horse. Let's stop beating it. Vote against this amendment.  After this exercise is done, then I urge my friends in the House leadership to pass the un-offset AMT patch bill we sent them several days ago, that very same bill that passed this body 88 to 5.  Think, will you, on the other side of the Capitol, think of the 23 million families that will face a tax increase of $2,000 per family if we don't get this bill to the President. Think of the 27 million families and individuals that will face even longer delays in getting their refunds next year if we don't get this bill passed, or even if we do get this bill passed, it is going to be delayed. Think of these hard-working taxpayers. Stop beating a dead horse and let's get the people's business done.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Pryor). The Senator from Montana.  