 President, what the Senator from Montana is trying to do has to be done if we are going to have justice for the family farmer. We have been involved in suits regarding the packing houses for 20 years. I remember when I first came to Congress, we were trying to overturn the Illinois Brick case because it stood in the way of the family farmer getting justice in business. So you end up fighting the National Manufacturers Association and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to bring justice to family farmers.  Finally, in a lawsuit down in Alabama, we get a jury who says the family farmer is right, but you get a judge who overrules the jury.  Now, I want to speak about not just this particular case, because Senator Tester is doing that, but I hope everybody in this Senate remembers that on several different occasions, everybody in the food chain beyond the farmer's gate was lining up against the farmer. I will cite just a recent example in regard to food and fuel and the ethanol issue and corn going to $4 and the price of food going up and every farmer getting blamed for it. Every person in the food chain outside of the farmer's gate was involved in that conspiracy that had nothing to do with the price of food rising, but the family farmer got blamed for it when food went to $4--or when corn went to $4. But when the price of corn went down to $2.85, I didn't see the price of food go down. But the conspiracy exists.  This court case and this judge and this ruling on the Packers and Stockyards Act is contributing to that conspiracy. We need to get behind it and get some justice for the family farmer.  Now, if you want to know why there is a justification in doing what we are doing, all you have to do is go to a statement that a CEO of a major corporation made a few years ago--a little bit unrelated to this, but somewhat related to it--which is: Why do slaughterhouses and packing companies own livestock? We own livestock, the answer was, in a very candid way; we own livestock because when prices are high, we kill our own, and when prices are low, we buy from the farmer.  What we need is a marketplace that has a great deal of transparency. We fight, trying to get information on sales from these packing companies under price discovery. We pass legislation to make price discovery real. Then we get regulations from the U.S. Department of Agriculture--we get regulations from the U.S. Department ofAgriculture to the extent that we do not meet the goals of the legislation, and we don't get as much information under the regulations of the Department.  I had a staff person who just wanted to go back to Iowa and work for the Department of Agriculture. He is going to work for the Packers and Stockyards Act. I said to him: You know, you want to go there because you don't want to do anything, because they don't do anything to help the family farmer. I didn't change his mind. He is still there working, and I hope he is doing a good job. He knows how I feel about it. Maybe he will actually get something done.  But we have to get rid of this attitude that you are going to let everybody beyond the farmer's gate gang up on the farmers, particularly when there is a court case where the jury is giving justice to the farmers.  We have to pass this amendment so we get justice for the family farmer.  I yield the floor.  