 I want you to know that I farm in a crop share--in Iowa, we call it a 50-50 arrangement--with my son. If we get farm payments, I get 50 percent of those payments. So I have received farm payments and presently do. That is assuming prices are low enough so you do receive those payments. Right now, they aren't that low.  We are talking about an adequate safety net. In recent years, however, assistance to farmers has come under increased scrutiny by urban communities and the press. The largest corporate farms are getting the majority of the benefits of the farm payment program, with 73 percent of the payments going to 10 percent of the farmers. With a situation such as that, we could lose urban support for the safety net for farmers.  Government payments were originally designed to benefit our small- and medium-sized farmers, but instead, now, as you can see, the vast majority of them are going to the smallest percentage of the farmers--the biggest farmers. Unlimited farm payments have placed upward pressure on land prices and have contributed to overproduction and lower commodity prices. Increased land prices and cash rents are driving family farmers and young farmers from the business of farming. I have mentioned this before in other debates. Land in Iowa generally, but I will use as an example land near my farm in New Hartford, IA, has skyrocketed and is selling anywhere between $4,000 and $6,000 an acre. In my home county, the value of an acre is up 64 percent since 2000.  Anybody listening might say, well, why is that bad for farming? Well, family farmers don't buy land one day and sell it the next. You buy it for the long haul. Sometimes farms have been in what we call century farms, for well over 100 years. So this doesn't put income in farmers' pockets. It does give them value. And if they were to die, I suppose their heirs would get a lot of money.  Across the State of Iowa, the average land value per acre rose 72 percent in the last 6 years. All these figures I am citing have something to do with the inability of young people to get started farming. When the average age of farmers is 58 in my State, we ought to start thinking about what we can do to make sure that young people, the next generation of farmers, can get started.  My State isn't the only one where this is occurring, an increase in land values. In a report published by two agricultural economists at Kansas State University, land values have increased 64 percent since 2002. This trend is occurring in many other States as well. The average of typical cash rents per acre in Iowa rose 25 percent in the same period of time. Because if you can't buy land, and you want to farm, you rent land. How are family farmers and young farmers going to survive with prices like this? How can they even get started?  This brings to mind a conversation I had within the last week with a young farmer near my home. He knows who gets these big payments in the State of Iowa, and he said, so-and-so--and I am not going to give the names out--just bought 600 acres of land. Why don't you guys do something about subsidizing these big farmers to get bigger? Now, this same young farmer would say to me, any farmer can get bigger all they want to. That is their business. That is entrepreneurship. But should we be subsidizing the biggest farmers to get bigger? He says, if you want to do something to get young people started--this young farmer said to me--puta cap on what they are getting paid from the Federal Treasury. In other words, 10 percent of the biggest farmers getting 73 percent of the benefits out of the farm program is just plain bad policy.  I have been hearing directly from producers for years what former Secretary Johanns heard in his farm bill forums held across the 50 States. Young farmers can't carry on the tradition of farming because they are financially unable to do so because of high land values and cash rents. If that was the market, okay. But if it is being influenced by subsidies for big farmers to get bigger, they would say it is wrong. They would also say it is wrong when you have 1030 exchanges, when it is cash free, as having something to drive up the value of land as well.  Professor Terry Kastens, of Kansas State University, came out with a report on this subject. The report states that since the 1930s, government farm program payments have bolstered land values above what they otherwise would have been. Dr. Neil Harl, an Iowa State University emeritus professor, worked with Professor Kastens on this subject, and he determined that:       The evidence is convincing that a significant portion of      the subsidies are being bid into cash rents and capitalized      into land values. If investors were to expect less Federal      funding--or none at all--land values would likely decline,      perhaps as much as 25 percent.  That would give young farmers better opportunities to buy or cash rent for less in order to get started farming. And that is necessary, because the average age of farmers in the Midwest is about 58 years.  The law creates a system that is clearly out of balance. If we look at the results posted here, it emphasizes what I have already said: Ten percent of the farmers get 73 percent of the benefits out of the farm program, and the top 1 percent gets 30 percent.  Senator Dorgan and I have offered this payment limits amendment which I believe will help revitalize the farm economy for young people across this country. This amendment will put a hard cap on farm payments at $250,000. For a lot of farmers in my State, they say: Grassley, that is ridiculously high. But we have to look at the whole country, so this is a compromise.  No less important, we tighten up the meaning of the term ``actively engaged,'' a legal term in the farming business. What that means is that people have to be farming, because if we are providing a safety net to someone in farming, I think they should be required to actually be in the business of farming, sharing risks and putting their money into the operation.  I wish to make a very clear distinction here. Some Members of the Senate have advocated that the Dorgan-Grassley amendment is not as tough as what is in the Senate Agriculture Committee bill or some say it might be too tough. I want to say why this is not true, and I have a chart here to bring this to your attention. We have to compare apples to apples. That is what my chart does. Saying that the committee has a hard cap on payment limits of $200,000 is not accurate. They only have a hard cap on direct payments and counter cyclical payments. Let me remind my colleagues, we have direct payments, we have loan deficiency payments, and we have countercyclical payments. Out of those three, the bill before us that we are amending has a hard cap on direct payments and countercyclical payments, not on loan deficiency payments. The Dorgan-Grassley amendment actually caps direct payments and countercyclicals at $100,000.  In addition, the amendment will cap marketing loan gains at $150,000. While the committee--this is the loophole, this is the weakness of the argument that this bill tightens things up--it leaves loan deficiency payments unlimited. This actually weakens current law. So while the committee took some correct steps by closing the loopholes I have advocated against by including the ``three entity rule'' and by including direct attribution, it also takes a step in the wrong direction by making payments virtually unlimited. This whole debate is about good policy. Fixing one problem but leaving other doors open does not do any good.  I also wish to make a clarification for some of my colleagues. I have gotten quite a few questions about how the payment cap will actually work. We set nominal limits at $20,000, $30,000, and $75,000 respectively, then we allow folks to double. So a single farmer who would get $20,000 in direct payments can actually double to $40,000. We set it at $20,000, so if they want to attribute the payments to a husband and wife separately, they can. So a husband can have $20,000 attributed to him and $20,000 to the wife, for a total of $40,000, just like a single farmer. One more clarification: If a farmer is working with his two sons, each would be eligible for the $40,000 individually.  I wish to address some of the falsities my colleagues have raised since the payment limit debate. They have argued that this is not reform because it targets crops but not the Milk Income Loss Contract Program or conservation. To say that we do not have payment limits on these two programs is hogwash. The Milk Income Loss Contract Program has probably the strongest payment limits of any program. What came out of the Agriculture Committee includes caps on programs such as EQIP, the Conservation Reserve Program, and Conservation Security Program. Whether those caps are at appropriate levels is something that can legitimately be debated but should not detract from what we are doing on commodities through Dorgan-Grassley.  Now, our amendment produces some considerable savings. We think there is money needed in some programs that are not adequately funded to help small businesspeople, conservationists, and low-income people through commodity programs. We support beginning farmer and rancher programs and the rural microenterprise program. We also provide funds for organic cost share programs and the Farmers Market Promotion Program.  A large priority of mine has always been seeing justice is done for the Black farmer discrimination case against the U.S. Department of Agriculture. This will double the amount provided by the committee for late filers under the Pigford consent decree who have not gotten a chance to have their claims heard. It is time to make these farmers right who were discriminated against.  We support the Grassland Reserve Program, the Farmland Protection Program, and finally, while the Agriculture Committee makes significant contributions to the nutrition and food assistance programs, they were not able to go far enough in light of the tight budget constraints. So Dorgan-Grassley adds money in those areas.  The 2002 bill has cost less than expected. But this was not because of the payment limit reform in 2002. In actuality, we increased the nominal payment cap, and it continued the generic certificate loophole. Instead, what has happened is that we have had some good years in agriculture and prices have been high. That is why it cost us less to have a safety net over the last 5 or 6 years, not because reforms were put in, in 2002. I worked with Senator Dorgan on a similar measure in 2002, and it passed with bipartisan support, 66 to 31. Unfortunately, it was stripped out in conference. I voted against the farm bill because of that.  Let me remind this body that the Senate Agriculture Committee, out of conference, set up a commission called the Commission on the Application of Payment Limitations for Agriculture. That is this report right here. They did this during conference as a sop to Dorgan and me.  Is my 14 minutes up? I ask for 2 more minutes.  