 In fact, congressional offices make up to 99 percent of the Federal users. Of the 411 or more Federal Government users, 400 are congressional offices--136 in the Senate and 264 in the House.  So I am taking issue with the Department for their response to me and feel this is deliberately misleading the Congress on the use of the basic pilot program--when I get back a letter that says 403 Federal agencies are using the program, and 99 percent of them are here on Capitol Hill, not downtown.  According to staff at the Citizenship and Immigration Service, only 11 executive branch agencies are using the program--only 11--and only 5 of the 22 agencies at Homeland Security are using the program--only 5.  The President visited a Dunkin' Donuts shop last year. The company announced all of its franchises would use the basic pilot program to verify their workers. If Dunkin' Donuts can use the system, so can the Federal Government, particularly the Departments with the mission of protecting the homeland.  We ought to be setting an example, the Federal Government, for all employers. But within the Federal Government, the very department enforcing the law, suggesting it is being used, ought to set the example.  I am ashamed to say the Department of Homeland Security--the most valuable component of the executive branch in securing our Nation from terrorism--then is setting a very bad example.  Congress and the administration must be a model of good employment practices for the rest of the country. My amendment is needed to push executive branch participation in this program.  Now, there is a second part to my amendment. It would extend this principle to contractors who do work for the Federal Government. Because the second part of the amendment would require all contractors--in just the Department of Homeland Security--to use the basic pilot program to check the eligibility of their workers.  Now, I think it ought to go beyond contractors for the Department of Homeland Security, but we are working on the Homeland Security appropriations bill so I am limiting it to that. It is my opinion that those who do business with Homeland Security agencies should also be required to use the electronic employment verification system. They may be private-sector people, but they are working for theFederal Government and they are in place of Federal employees.  There have been many examples of aliens illegally in the country working for Government contractors and being allowed to work in sensitive areas. I gave a number of examples last week during consideration of the Defense authorization bill when I tried to apply this same principle to that bill when it was up.  But the Department of Defense, I want you to know, is not the only culprit. This week, a man from Houston was sentenced for harboring illegal aliens, some of whom had access to an Alexandria airbase and Louisiana National Guard facility under a Federal Emergency Management Agency construction contract.  The company employed 30 to 40 workers, contracted with FEMA, and was able to send illegal aliens to a worksite where they had access to a National Guard facility and airbase.  There were many news stories about undocumented individuals working in the construction industry in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina.  Then there was ``Operation Tarmac,'' launched by Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2002, to enhance security at our airports and remove undocumented immigrants from these critical facilities.  The operation resulted in investigations of hundreds of thousands of people and more than 900 arrests of unauthorized workers. Aliens illegally in this country were working as janitors, baggage checkers, and luggage handlers.  Whether it is FEMA or the Transportation Security Administration or Border Patrol or the Citizenship and Immigration Service, we must make sure those hired by the agencies are legally able to work in the United States.  While Immigration and Customs Enforcement has taken some steps to find unauthorized workers at secure sites, illegal aliens should not be hired in the first place. We cannot allow people illegally in our county to check our bags or process immigration benefits.  One way to get at that problem, then, is to require Departments, particularly the Department of Homeland Security, to use the basic pilot program up front. There is no cost to employers. Instead, the American public will be more protected than it is today.  Earlier this year, the Senate voted unanimously to debar employers from Government contracts if they are found to hire aliens illegally in the country. That vote signified an overwhelming opinion that our Government should only be doing business with those who take our immigration laws very seriously. Therefore, this part of my amendment should not be problematic.  I hope my amendment can be considered this week. It is not overly expansive. It is to the Department we are appropriating money for. I don't believe it is overly burdensome because the Federal Government is preaching to the private sector. They are preaching to the other Government agencies that we ought to be doing it. We in Congress have adopted it more than anybody else in the Federal Government has. If we can do this in our hiring of people, surely other Government agencies can.  I hope this amendment--I think a commonsense amendment--can be considered. I am happy to debate it, but I am finished presenting it. I have it before the Senate and I will let the managers of the bill take the course from that point.  