 I support it. I supported it during the Budget Committee's markup of the legislation that is before us right now, and I am happy to support it on the floor.  This amendment adds a new reserve fund which identifies some very important priorities that complement the reserve fund in the legislation that has come out of the Budget Committee.  The reserve fund in the budget stipulates the legislation reported out of the Finance Committee must ``maintain coverage for those currently enrolled in [the State Children's Health Insurance Program].''  As my colleagues in the Senate know, this current population includes children, pregnant women, parents, and childless adults. The cost of extending coverage to these populations has been roughly estimated by the Congressional Budget Office to require a net increase of budget authority of approximately $8 billion.  The Cornyn amendment would put kids first--after all, wouldn't you think that is what the State Children's Health Insurance Program ought to do, put children first--prioritizing lower income children and limiting the use of State Children's Health Insurance Program funds for nonpregnant adults unless States are covering those children.  We will have to make some very difficult choices when it comes to the limited funds available for the SCHIP. The cost of covering children who are uninsured but eligible for SCHIP continues to rise.  According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and their analysis--and this was in a recent memo from the Congressional Budget Office--it will take $47.5 billion to cover the estimated 6 million children who are uninsured but eligible for either SCHIP or the Medicaid Program. To quote the center, even this figure is ``too low''--those are their words: ``too low''--because it does not include the cost of the policies necessary to increase enrollment in Medicaid and SCHIP.  Given the priorities placed on pay-as-you-go and the limited offsets available to pay for increased SCHIP spending, it appears some priorities have to be set. We are faced with that every day--setting priorities, that everybody cannot have everything they want.  Republicans have taken the position--and I emphasize that position--we want to prioritize putting kids first. So I support Senator Cornyn's emphasis upon this key principle.  I also agree with the language in the budget that would support States in their efforts to move forward in covering more children. However, this language can be improved by emphasizing that reauthorization should make State flexibility a priority. With State flexibility, we can get more bang with the State's money, we can get more bang for the Federal dollars going into the program. We found that in Medicaid last year when a bipartisan group of Governors came to me, when I was chairman of the Finance Committee, and sat down and said: If you can give us more flexibility in Medicaid, we can save State tax dollars, we can save Federal tax dollars, and we can serve more kids who have need--because States know what their local situation is, they know better than we do in Washington to get the most bang for the taxpayers' dollars. So we can do the same thing for the SCHIP program by giving the States greater flexibility.  Much of the success we have seen relative to the SCHIP program is because the Congress gave States the authority to manage the SCHIP caseloads, to control costs, and to experiment with innovative strategies to increase access to health care.  This country is so geographically vast, our population is so heterogeneous that if you try to make all policy by pouring policy in the same mold in Washington, DC, it is not going to fit New York City the same way it might fit Des Moines, IA. But we ought to give those States in the case of New York, Albany, and in the case of Iowa,Des Moines, give those leaders, Governors and State legislatures, some leeway so we get more bang for our buck.  Reauthorization then should build on the State flexibility that was already there and should be a key feature of the priorities set in the budget.  Finally, given my zeal for oversight, meaning congressional oversight of what our bureaucracy does and how the taxpayers' money is spent, I must also commend the Senator from Texas for including, as a priority for the SCHIP reauthorization, improving and strengthening the oversight of Medicaid and SCHIP to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse. We have made improvements to preventing waste, fraud, and abuse, but we can certainly do more. We can always do more.  I commend the Senator for his amendment. It builds on the language already in the bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it.  I reserve the balance of the time on our side.  