 When have you ever heard of that?  You could not get those lower prices and lower costs unless the prescription drug plans are being strong negotiators with the drug makers. States are also saving money in lower contributions, better known as ``clawback'' payments. State clawback payments are now projected to be $37 billion less over a 10-year period. That is 27 percent lower. Just in 2006, States saved $700 million.  Why? Because private competition is working.  The plans are negotiating lower prices for drugs. I have said so many times, for the top 25 drugs used by seniors, the Medicare prescription drug plans have been able to negotiate prices that on average are 35 percent lower than the average cash price at retail pharmacies--35 percent lower.  Why? Because private competition is working.  Here are some examples: Lipitor is 15 percent lower, Atenolol is 63 percent lower, while Fosamax is 30 percent lower. I could go on down the list.  Now, when the drug benefit was signed into law, we believed it would work and hold down costs. That is certainly happening today even more than we expected because private competition works.  We also said that if it did not work--if the negotiating model used for the drug benefit did not hold down costs--then Congress would need to reexamine things. If costs grew too fast, then the whole idea would have to be revisited.  Maybe we would have to restrict access to drugs. Maybe we would have to rely more on mail order pharmacies instead of liberal access to local retail pharmacies. Maybe more drastic cost-cutting measures would be needed.  But that is not the position we are in today. Why? Because private competition works.  I hate to sound like a broken record, but I think the naysayers out there need a little repetition therapy. Everyone has heard the old saying that ``if it ain't broke, don't fix it.'' It certainly applies here, and the evidence shows it.  I would like to be the first one to say that the Medicare drug benefit is not perfect. There are improvements that can be made. Congress should look at ways to make it easier for low-income beneficiaries to get the additional assistance they need by reexamining the low-income subsidy asset test.  We need to look at payments to pharmacies and make some reforms in that area. We need to look at ways we can simplify the enrollment process. And there are other areas where we can make improvements.  But one area that is working very well is the negotiating power of Medicare drug plans. They have shown their ability to hold down costs. It is working.  The pleas from the naysayers to put the Government in charge of negotiating are about politics, not policy. These voices have not given up in their misguided quest to score political points with the drug benefit. It saddens me the Democratically controlled Congress has devoted so much time to this issue rather than looking at some of the improvements we can make in Part D that I mentioned.  Why they have put politics ahead of constructive changes is beyond me.  In January, I had hoped we could put politics aside and focus on some of the real improvements we could be making with the drug benefit. But, sadly, that is not the case, and that is why I am here today.  Under the drug benefit today, with the plans negotiating with drug makers and competing with each other, we have lower drug prices for beneficiaries, lower program costs for the Government--saving the taxpayers money--and prescription drug choices for beneficiaries.  Private competition works.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose S. 3. It is a big government takeover of the private market that is working for the Medicare benefit.  I yield the floor.  