 1082 does not sufficiently address the underlying problems I have found existing at the Food and Drug Administration during my tenure as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee looking into the problems of the Food and Drug Administration, with the goal in mind that the Federal Government should only be paying for drugs that are safe. That problem is the lack of equality between the Office of New Drugs, which reviews drug applications and decides whether to approve a drug for marketing, and the Office of Surveillance and Epidemiology, the office which monitors and assesses the safety of drugs postmarketing.  Many times I quote the Institute of Medicine as justification for my amendment. They recognize this problem. The Institute of Medicine recognizes joint authority between these two offices for postapproval regulatory action related to safety. Even the Consumers Union supports this amendment.  Having equality between preapproval and postapproval offices at the FDA is fundamental to real reform. Concentrating on the entire life cycle of drugsis critical. After all, the vast majority of a drug's life cycle is spent postapproval. In essence, the bill before us promotes the status quo when it comes to the specific role played by the Office of Surveillance. That means the Office of Surveillance and Epidemiology will remain nothing more than a mere consultant to the Office of New Drugs. This is not acceptable.  Amendment 1039 gives the Office of Surveillance sign-off authority. They are experts in postmarketing safety. Even the Institute of Medicine recognized that through their recommendations. Let me be clear: This is not the amendment Senator Dodd and I originally proposed. I still believe an independent postmarketing safety center would be best to solve the problem. But under the process, that is not going to happen. Through this amendment, at least joint postmarketing decisionmaking between the Office of Surveillance and the Office of New Drugs will allow the office with the postmarketing safety expertise to have a say in what drug safety action will be taken by the FDA.  The problem is not only the FDA having enough tools--this bill gives additional tools--it is about FDA managers disregarding concerns raised by its own scientists in the Office of Surveillance and not taking prompt action. This amendment makes common sense when you weigh the evidence I presented over the last 3 years about these problems at the FDA.  Opponents of this amendment say it is unnecessary because the bill includes a dispute resolution process with strict deadlines. But that process is for disputes between the FDA and the drug company, not internal disagreements between FDA offices.  Getting down to brass tacks, when the office that looks at postmarketing surveillance is under the thumb of the Office of New Drugs, and the Office of New Drugs says: This drug is safe, they aren't going to want to get egg on their faces by listening to the advice of the Office of Postmarketing Surveillance. If that had been the case, Dr. Graham, in the case of Vioxx, and Dr. Mosholder, in the case of antidepressant drugs, when kids were committing suicide, would have been listened to, but they weren't until they came as whistleblowers to the Congress.  We have to have it so that we have enough independent decisionmaking within the FDA to make sure these drugs are safe.  This amendment provides an approach with checks and balances between the office that approves a drug for marketing and the office that watches a drug once it is on the market.  