 President, I want to lend my support to the Bunning amendment No. 594.  In the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, we gave the States the ability to create flexible benefit plans. Section 6044 of the Deficit Reduction Act established a new section 1937 in title XIX, which allows States the option to provide a benefit package that meets a benchmark standard or benchmark equivalent standard of coverage for certain Medicaid beneficiaries. Under this section, States are required to provide Early and Periodic Screening Diagnostic and Treatment, EPSDT, services to children enrolled in benchmark coverage or benchmark equivalent coverage.  Specifically, section 1937(a)(1)(A) contained two related provisions. First, section 1937(a)(1)(A)(i), provides that States choosing to provide coverage under this section must provide benchmark coverage or benchmark equivalent coverage in the case of beneficiaries for whom a benchmark is an option. Second, section 1937(a)(1)(A)(ii), provides that in the case of children under age 19 receiving benchmark coverage or benchmark equivalent coverage, States must cover ``wraparound'' benefits to the benchmarkcoverage or benchmark equivalent coverage consisting of EPSDT services and benefits specified in section 1905(r). In other words, an EPSDT ``wraparound'' consisting of all benefits and services enumerated in section 1905(r) is a requirement for States electing the benchmark option or benchmark equivalent coverage. The use of the term ``wraparound'' in this section should not be confused with the optional ``wraparound'' flexibility afforded states under section 1937(a)(1)(C). This section allows States to offer one or more ``wraparound'' benefits to enrollees, who otherwise would be limited to benchmark or benchmark equivalent coverage. EPSDT is not made optional but remains a required benefit.  On March 31, 2006, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, issued guidance to states in a Dear State Medicaid Director letter on the implementation of the benchmark coverage. The CMS letter stated the following:       Individuals under age 19 who are covered under the State      plan under section 1902(a)(10)(A) of the Act must receive      wrap-around benefits to the benchmark, or benchmark-     equivalent plan, consisting of early and periodic screening,      diagnostic, and treatment (EPSDT) services defined in section      1905(r). Wrap-around benefits must be sufficient so that, in      combination with the benchmark or benchmark-equivalent      benefits package, these individuals receive the full EPSDT      benefit. The State plan must include a description of how      wrap-around benefits or additional services will be provided      to ensure that these beneficiaries receive full EPSDT      services.  It is my belief that the requirement of the provision of ESPDT to all children receiving benefits through a benchmark benefit package is a settled issue, both as a matter of law and of implementation of the law.  Giving States the ability to design benefit packages that are appropriate to the people receiving the benefits is key to Medicaid's future. The purpose of this important provision is to free States from a one-size-fits-all approach to Medicaid. Several States, including Kentucky, West Virginia, Idaho and Kansas, are taking the lead with these innovative plans to cover Medicaid recipients. We should resist any effort to limit the ability of the States to develop and implement these flexible, benchmark benefit plans. This flexibility will strengthen the long-term viability of the Medicaid Program and thereby protects coverage for low income children, pregnant women and families.  A vote against the Bunning amendment is a vote against the tools that States desperately need to manage their Medicaid Program. To me, the vote here is obvious. Vote to protect the Medicaid Program and state flexibility in Medicaid. Vote to protect the EPSDT benefit for children. Vote for the Bunning amendment.  