  Madam President, one of the things I think we have to remember is there is reform in the bill that the committee has presented to the Senate--reform that probably should have been done a long time ago.  I pointed it out in my opening remarks and in closing I want to kind of emphasize that there are limits put on in the bill that sound very reasonable. But I have to tell you there is one gigantic loophole you have to consider, and out of the three forms of payments--direct payment, loan deficiency payment, and countercyclical payment--the caps that are in the bill, adding up to $200,000, are for countercyclical and direct payments.  So if you don't have a cap on loan deficiency payments, that means the payments farmers can receive are unlimited and, from that standpoint, when loan deficiency payments are considered, there is not a hard cap. Now, the adjective, ``hard,'' is applicable to Dorgan-Grassley, and it is very important because we have had caps on farm programs for, I will bet, three or four decades. They have been ineffective caps because there has been legal subterfuge to get around it.  The underlying bill, as well as our amendment, takes care of some of that legal subterfuge. But we maintain one for loan deficiency payments within this bill. So you, consequently, don't have a hard cap. Some people would say you don't have a cap at all. I will not go that far. But it is one gigantic opportunity for people to get payments that are really not limited. And it is particularly important for big farmers because the loan deficiency payment is paid out so much per bushel for what the market price is under the target price. So the more bushels you produce, the larger the farm, the more deficiency payments you are going to get. Consequently, we are trying to stop subsidizing farmers from getting bigger.  But when the loan deficiency payment is left out, you are going to give these farmers the same opportunity they have under existing law to use a legal subterfuge that basically makes the limits less meaningful. So I hope you will consider whether you think, when we have a cap, it ought to be an effective cap and, in the words of Dorgan-Grassley, a hard cap. It is very important that we do that.  Remember the background for the farm safety net. It is to help medium- and small-sized farmers, to protect them against things beyond their own control. And natural disaster is a natural one to speak about because floods and hail and windstorms and inability because of a wet spring to get the crop in, et cetera, et cetera, are all natural disasters that a farmer cannot do anything about. Only God can do something about natural disasters.  Then there are political decisions. I keep mentioning them because they ruined so many farmers in the 1970s. Nixon put a freeze on beef prices, and the President also put a limit on exports of soybeans so the price would plummet when it was very high in the early 1970s. And there is international politics: the cost of energy, what OPEC does--all of that is beyond the control of the small- and medium-sized farmers.  But the larger you get, the more staying power you have in it, and we don't need to have a safety net so strong that it subsidizes big farmers to get bigger, and 10 percent of the biggest farmers are getting 73 percent of the benefits out of the farm program.  I yield the floor.  