S. Senate. I didn't know it back then, but when Ted took a job for me in 1983 on the Subcommittee on Aging of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, I had hired someone who would be one of my closest, most trusted, and longest serving advisers.  Ted was a professional staff member for the Subcommittee on Aging from May 1983 to February 1985. He was staff director during my chairmanship of that subcommittee from April 1985 to January 1987. Ted played a major role in developing and passing the 1984 Older Americans Act amendments and was a forward-looking, successful advocate for more attention to Alzheimer's disease, including expanding the number of Alzheimer's disease research centers, increasing funding for Alzheimer's disease research, and increasing funding for the care of people with Alzheimer's disease. Ted also worked to help obtain funding for two statistical centers on aging in the Census Bureau.  For the next 10 years, from January 1987 to January 1997, Ted served as a legislative assistant in my office, where he was responsible for Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security retirement and disability policy, private pensions, and veterans issues. He was the leading staff member in the Congress for rural health initiatives. He worked to call attention to regional disparities in Medicare provider reimbursement which disadvantage rural providers, requested and achieved a major Office of Technology Assessment study on the problems of delivering health care in rural areas, and supported the Medicare Dependent Hospital Program and the EACH/RPCH hospital program. Ted's staff leadership helped to secure landmark amendments in the 1995 Finance Committee reconciliation bill to ensure geographic equity in Medicare managed care and to reform Medicare's reimbursement for nonphysician primary care providers. In addition, Ted spent countless hours helping Iowans navigate the Federal health care programs.  In January 1997, I became, because of seniority, chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging. I asked Ted to be staff director. For the next 3 years, Ted led the committee's work that focused on preparing for the retirement of the baby boom generation and rural health issues. The committee staff developed legislation on aging policy issues, including Medicare, Social Security retirement, and private pensions, most of which was referred to the Committee on Finance, where I was also a member. Legislative initiatives included bills on Medicare dependent hospitals, consumer protections for participants in Medicare managed-care plans, and the program of all-inclusive care for the elderly, and that comes under the acronym we all recognize as the PACE Program. Staff developed and helped enact the Balanced Budget Act in 1997, provisions that provided greater reimbursement equity to managed-care plans that operated in rural communities. As staff director, Ted also led the pursuit of an active oversight and investigative agenda, including a pivotal review of the quality of care in nursing homes and the management of the oversight of quality of care in the nursing homes by the Health Care Financing Administration. Let me say for the distinguished Presiding Officer, the previous administration helped us very much get that through so that we now are adequately enforcing overview of nursing homes, as one example.  Ted helped to raise the profile of many issues of importance not only to older Americans but to our society as a whole.  In January of 2001, I became chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, and Ted was there again to provide valuable leadership. When I asked him to stay on, at a time he was thinking of retiring, as deputy staff director, he was an integral part of the success of the committee's work during the next 6 years and oversaw staff work on major initiatives, including the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003, the health provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act, the PRIDE Act, and the authorization of the Safe and Stable Families legislation.  Once again, Ted helped to ensure an active oversight program that focused on fraud and abuse in the health care system, problems in the process by which the Food and Drug Administration approves medications and devices, the quality of care in nursing homes, and the management by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services of the survey and certification system for nursing homes. That was an ongoing issue back, as I referred to, when I was chairman of the Committee on Aging.  Ted's work on the staff of the Finance Committee is so highly respected that the members signed a resolution expressing gratitude and respect for Ted's service and dedication.  In addition to his 23 years of service in the U.S. Senate, Ted worked for 5 years for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and served 2 years in the military.  In the Senate, Ted's policy acumen and understanding of the complexities of the legislative process, insight into the executive branch of Government, political wit, as well as his strong work ethic and intellectual honesty and his evenhandedness and personal generosity have made him remarkably effective and universally regarded.  Ted is a true public servant who was committed in his work to the people of Iowa and of this great country. I am grateful for his loyalty and applaud his legacy of accomplishment. Ted has made a positive difference in the lives of so many Grassley staff members, and his daily presence will be greatly missed by all of us. We wish Ted well and look forward to continuing our friendship with him.  I yield the floor.  