  The biggest problem I have with a trigger is that it creates yet another budget process bias for higher Federal spending. If Congress decides to spend more than planned, the trigger gives the American taxpayer the shaft. Spending taxpayers' money then trumps future promised tax relief if atrigger is in place. The American taxpayer need look no further than the budget resolution conference report that we are debating now to see triggered future tax relief's futility.  After winning the November elections by claiming to enforce fiscal discipline, Democrats have done three things with the budget in conference: One, they have guaranteed new spending of at least $205 billion over the budget baseline. Secondly, with multiple reserve funds, they have set up many arenas of new spending and new taxes. Thirdly, for the first time in 6 years--I emphasize this--with a new majority in Congress, a tax hike on virtually every American taxpayer is built into the budget in future years. Now, did the American people know this was how the term ``fiscal discipline'' would be defined after the votes were counted last November? Higher taxes and higher spending. Did the American people vote for this definition of ``fiscal discipline'' after the last election? My guess is the answer is the American taxpayers didn't think ``fiscal discipline'' meant higher taxes and higher spending.  If fiscal discipline were the real goal of the new Democratic leadership, they would employ a trigger, then, on the new spending they baked into this budget cake. How about that. The new spending in this budget would only be triggered if the Federal budget were in surplus. Do I have any takers among the Democratic budget negotiators on that issue?  Before the Democratic leadership rolls out its budget, I challenge them to show a proposal with a single dollar of spending restraint dedicated to deficit reduction. It is a challenge I have issued for several years since bipartisan tax relief has been attacked on fiscal discipline grounds. My challenge has not been met. If you go back a decade, you will not find a proposal for spending restraint from the Democratic leadership. Check the record. You won't find anything on the spending side of the ledger.  The use of a trigger is more evidence of this obsession with higher taxes and more spending. Instead of accepting the Baucus amendment, which is supported by a strong bipartisan vote in both bodies because it passed here with only one dissenting vote and it had more than two-thirds on a motion to instruct in the House of Representatives--so instead of accepting the Baucus amendment, which is supported strongly by bipartisan votes in both Houses, the Democratic negotiators are taking a different path, ignoring the overwhelming votes of both the Senate and the House. They want to use a trigger as cover. The trigger will mean that future Democratic spending proposals will gut future tax relief, thereby guaranteeing a tax increase on virtually every American taxpayer, without even a vote of the people, because it is automatically going to happen.  I don't think it is too late. I suggest that if the Democratic budgeteers want to talk the talk of fiscal discipline, then walk the walk of fiscal discipline, apply the trigger to spending, but apply it to the $205 billion in brandnew spending. Don't build a wall of tax relief on the American people; build a wall of fiscal discipline against runaway Federal spending. In other words, we will tear down that wall of tax increases that are automatically going to happen.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from North Dakota is recognized.  