 President, I am back again tonight to talk about the Medicare drug benefit. As I said yesterday, the 110th Congress will consider legislation that would fundamentally change the benefit. The public and Medicare beneficiaries need to fully understand the proposed changes and how they would affect them.  When we talk about the public and Medicare beneficiaries, remember, for the most part, we are talking about the senior citizens of America and people who are on Social Security disability.  Yesterday I spoke about how the benefit uses prescription drug plans in competition to keep costs down and how well that has worked. Today I want to get to the crux of this debate, the so-called prohibition on Government negotiation with drugmakers.  Opponents of the Medicare drug benefit have twisted the law to come up with their absurd claim that Medicare will not be negotiating with drugmakers. They misrepresented the noninterference clause. The language does not prohibit Medicare from negotiating with drugmakers; it prohibits the Government from interfering in negotiations that are ongoing all the time.  So it is a prohibition on Government negotiating. It is not a prohibition on negotiation. It is very important because it is not the Government agency itself that is doing the negotiating. It is the private prescription drug plans that are doing the negotiation.  That may surprise some people who have heard about the so-called prohibition on negotiations. Of course, price negotiations occur on drugs provided to Medicare beneficiaries. Those negotiations occur between the prescription drug plans and the manufacturers. We have a precedent for this. The plans are run by organizations experienced in negotiation with drug manufacturers. They deliver prescription drug benefits to millions and millions of Americans--in other words, meaning millions and millions of Americans beyond senior citizens--and including this 50-year precedent of it being done for Federal employees through the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plans.  As I said yesterday, competition among the plans to get the best price is working. We have lower than expected bids and cost of premiums and lower than expected costs for the Government as a result. So not only is it saving the senior citizens money, as it has been saving Federal employees money for 50 years, but also lowering costs to the taxpayers because there is some subsidy for seniors in the Medicare prescription drug program.  Most importantly, we have lowered prices on drugs for beneficiaries. For the top 25 drugs used by seniors--so I am just taking the top 25 drugs used--the Medicare prescription drug plans have been able to negotiate prices that on average are 35 percent lower than the average cash price at retail pharmacies; 35 percent lower. The purpose of the prohibition on Government negotiation--in other words, getting back to what is referred to as the noninterference clause--is to keep the Government from undermining these negotiations that have been so successful and to keep the Government out of the medicine cabinet.  I have lost count of the number of times I have talked about this so-called prohibition that is not a prohibition on negotiations, because negotiations are going on every day. I am not easily discouraged and that is why I am here talking tonight on this subject. I prefer to debate more substantive issues, but unfortunately that is not the case. The debate that went on during the campaign, the debate that went on in some speeches on the floor in the last Congress, and the debate that will come here on the Senate floor in the next 3 weeks, is in fact a shell game. It is about distortion of the language of the law, it is about manipulation of beneficiaries and, in turn, the public, and it hinges on the convenient lapse in some people's memory about the history of this noninterference clause. What I want to do today is remind people about the history.  We are going to take a little trip down memory lane. For our first stopon memory lane, let me take a second to read something to you. This is a quote from someone talking about their own Medicare drug benefit proposal.       Under this proposal, Medicare would not set prices for      drugs.  Let me start over again because that first sentence needs to be emphasized:       Under this proposal, Medicare would not set prices for      drugs. Prices would be determined through negotiations      between the private benefit administrators and drug      manufacturers. . . .  The person who said this clearly wanted private negotiations with drug companies for Medicare benefits. He was proposing, and I want to quote again from this person--and I am soon going to tell you who that is--       . . . negotiations between private benefit administrators      and drug manufacturers.  So I am taking that quote out of the previous quote for a way of emphasis.       Negotiations would go on between private benefit      administrators and drug manufacturers.  In other words, not involving the Government. So it could not be more clear what this person had in mind when he was proposing legislation a few years ago. You are going to be shocked to hear who said this. For those who thought President Bush said it, they are wrong. The quote is from none other than President Clinton. President Clinton made that comment as part of his June 1999 plan for strengthening and modernizing Medicare. President Clinton had in his idea, when we were going to strengthen and modernize Medicare with a prescription drug program, that we ought to have negotiations done by the private sector, not by the Government.  President Clinton went on to say that under his plan:       Prices would be determined through negotiations between the      private benefit administrators and drug manufacturers.  Quoting further:       The competitive bidding process would be used to yield the      best possible drug prices and coverage. . . .  And following the 50-year precedent I have been referring to, he went on to say:       . . . just as it is used by large private employers and the      Federal Employee Health Benefit Plans today.  That is the end of the quote from President Clinton.  President Clinton also described his plan as using private negotiators because:       These organizations have experience managing drug      utilization and have developed numerous tools for cost      containment and utilization management.  This is a President whom a lot of people would believe, because he comes from the Democratic Party, has great faith in big Government, that he would not be suggesting these things. But when you have a precedent of 50 years of it working for Federal employees, he believed it was good enough to use when you offer prescription drugs to the senior citizens of America.  Does this ring any bells? It should, because it is the same framework used in today's Medicare prescription drug benefit--and I had a hand, as a conferee, in writing that. Private negotiations with drug companies--and it is based on a nearly 50-year history of the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan.  Here is another interesting spot on memory lane--if I could digress for a minute for the benefit of Members who keep ringing up about a doughnut hole--separate from the issue of pricing drugs and negotiating. I thought it would be good to remind people. The Clinton plan had a coverage gap as well. It had a doughnut hole, as we refer to it, like the bill eventually signed by President Bush in 2003. Like many others, the new Speaker of the House has questioned why one would pay premiums at a point in time when you are not receiving benefits. In other words, when you are in the doughnut hole. It happens in the private sector, in a lot of different insurances. That is how insurance works. Go look at any homeowner's policy and auto policy or even the Part B of Medicare. You pay premiums to have coverage, and that is also how President Clinton's plan would have worked if it had been passed in 1999 instead of 2003.  In Sunday's Washington Post, Speaker Pelosi was quoted on her thoughts about having a doughnut hole. She said:       How could that be a good idea unless you're writing a bill      for the HMOs and the pharmaceutical companies and not for      America's seniors?  Maybe she was referring to President Clinton's plan. As I said, President Clinton proposed this plan in June of 1999. On April 4, 2000, in a bill that is listed as S. 2342, the Medicare Modernization Act introduced here in the Senate, S. 2342 from that year, 2000, would have created a drug benefit administered through benefit managers. It even had the same title as the Medicare law that is now law. The Medicare Modernization Act is the title in 2000. It is the title of a bipartisan bill that is now law. So, here again, we have private negotiations with drug companies. It sounds familiar. It is like today's Medicare drug benefit.  Here is another important stop down our memory lane. This bill, which I referred to as S. 2342 previously, included the following language. ``Noninterference,'' nothing in this section or in this part shall be construed as authorizing the Secretary to:     require a particular formulary or to institute a price      structure for benefits; (2) interfere in any way with      negotiations . . . or (3) otherwise interfere with the      competitive nature of providing a prescription drug benefit      through private entities.  This is the first bill, the very first one where the noninterference clause appeared. You could say it is the second time it appeared because it appeared as a suggestion of President Clinton, but it was introduced the first time, and this was the language. But S. 2342 was not introduced by Republicans. It was introduced by my esteemed colleague and friend, the late Senator Moynihan. One month later there was S. 2541 introduced. I will read some language of that bill. Here I go to the first chart I have. I have four charts coming up.       (B) Noninterference . . . The Secretary may not--       (1) require a particular formulary, institute a price      structure for benefits;       (2) interfere in any way with negotiations between private      entities and drug manufacturers or wholesalers; or       (3) interfere with the competitive nature of providing a      prescription drug benefit through private entities.  That wasn't a Republican bill, either. It was introduced by Senator Daschle, who was joined by 33 other Democrats, including Senators Reid, Durbin, and Kennedy. For instance, 33 Senate Democrats cosponsored language for a bill that they now find not to their liking. I don't understand it. It turns out that the Democrats did not want Government interfering in the private sector negotiations, either. They recognized then that the private sector would do a better job. They recognized then what President Clinton recognized: something that had worked 50 years for Federal employees could be allied to senior citizens and Medicare as well and maybe do it better. And they didn't want the Government, some bureaucrat, messing it all up. At that time, they didn't want the Government in their medicine Cabinet, either.  In June 2000, two Democratic bills were introduced in the House of Representatives that also included the noninterference language. One was introduced by Dick Gephardt. That bill had more than 100 cosponsors, including then-Representative Pelosi, now Speaker of the House, but it also included Representatives Rangel, Dingell, and Stark. I want Members to know I worked very closely on some health issues with Dingell and Stark, and I worked very closely with Congressman Rangel on trade and tax issues.  That language included in H.R. 4770, introduced by Representative Gephardt and supported by more than 100 House Democrats, was almost identical to the language in Senator Daschle's bill. So we have 33 Senate Democrats, we have 100 House Democrats supporting the noninterference language.  Here is a chart with the text of the noninterference clause included in what is now Part D, the prescription drug part of Medicare, referring to it again under its official title, the Medicare Modernization Act.  It says:       (B) Noninterference--in order to promote competition under      this part and in carrying out this part, the Secretary--       (1) may not interfere with the negotiations between the      drug manufacturers and pharmacies and PDP sponsors; and       (2) may not require a particular formulary or institute a      price structure for the reimbursement of covered Part D      drugs.  It sounds exactly like what was introduced in the Democratic bill. If we compare this language to the Gephardt-Pelosi language, the Medicare Modernization Act provisions have 26 fewer words. Compare it to the Daschle-Kennedy noninterference clause--the Medicare Modernization Act has 10 fewer words. It sounds as if sponsors of those bills were pretty concerned about the potential of Government interference.  Last week, the senior Senator from Illinois described the Medicare law enacted in 2003 as being written by the pharmaceutical industry. But the noninterference clause first appeared in legislation introduced by Democrats who now oppose the same provision that is law.  Since the opponents of the Medicare drug benefit always say that the noninterference clause is proof that the drug industry wrote the law, my question is, If that is what you think, did the pharmaceutical industry also write the bills that you had put in over the previous years going back to the bills I have referred to that were introduced by Democrats? I bet you wonder just how many Democratic bills contain that now infamous ``noninterference clause''--the prohibition, in other words, on Government negotiating.  I have a timeline. As this chart shows, the prohibition on Government negotiation--the noninterference clause--has been in seven bills by Democrats between 1999 and 2003. That is in addition to the point I make clear of where the last Democratic President was on this subject: right where the law is today. Seven bills, including the bill introduced in the House on the same day as H.R. 1, which is now the law.  First it was in the Moynihan bill in 2000. There was a Daschle-Reid-Kennedy bill. That was followed in the House by a bill introduced by Representative Eshoo and then the Gephardt-Pelosi bill which has Representatives Rangel, Dingell, Stark, and our colleague who then was in the House, Senator Stabenow now, as a cosponsor. Representative Stark then had his own bill, and the senior Senator from Oregon introduced his bill in the Senate.  Finally, in the House, Representative Thomas introduced a bill. I know what the response will be. It will be that even though Democratic bills had nearly exactly the same noninterference language, practically word for word in seven bills over a long period of time, opponents now think that approach is no longer best for Medicare. It is sort of like we supported it before we opposed it.  