 Specifically, I am going to speak about the need for greater transparency in the payment that doctors who bill Medicare and Medicaid receive from drug companies.  Over the past few years, it became apparent during my inquiries into the Food and Drug Administration that drug companies pay physicians for a variety of different reasons. Indeed, some of our leading physicians--doctors who have significant influence in their medical fields--receive tens of thousands of dollars every year from drug companies. For some, these payments can make up a considerable amount of their annual income.  The payments can take the form of honoraria for speaking engagements, payments to sit on advisory panels, and funding for research. Further, drug companies spend about $1 billion a year to fund educational courses that doctors are required to take every year called Continuing Medical Education, or CME.  In April, the Finance Committee staff prepared a report on pharmaceutical companies' support of Continuing Medical Education. This report found that some educational courses supported by drug companies have become veiled forms of advertising that encourage off-label use of drugs.  Let's review how this works. Right now, it is possible for a doctor to attend a CME--continuing medical education--course sponsored by a drug company. That same company can make payments to doctors who will teach the course, and the doctor who teaches the course can discuss the findings of research paid for by the company. Now, that may sound like a conflict and unethical, but that is how it happens. The whole field is connected by a tangled web of drug company money.  To try and understand this a little better, I have been exploring the money doctors get from drug companies, especially the doctors who work as academic researchers. Most universities require their academic researchers to report outside income. I have sent letters to a handful of universities to understand how well such a reporting system actually works. I haven't received all the information yet, but I can comment on some of the things I have already found.  Most universities require professors to report outside income that may create a conflict of interest with their research. This means that if a doctor at a university is receiving money from a company either for research, speaking fees or to sit on an advisory panel, then they have to report that income. But there appears to be a couple of problems, and let's say a couple of problems with the whole system, as I found out.  The only person who knows if the reported income is accurate and complete is the doctor who is receiving the money. The university doesn't necessarily police its own people to make sure they are reporting everything they are supposed to report. It seems that some of these academics are getting so much money coming in from so many different companies they need an accountant to be sure everything is reported accurately.  Second, these disclosures are usually kept secret. So if there is a doctor getting thousands of dollars from a drug company, payments that might be affecting his or her objectivity, the only people outside the pharmaceutical industry who will probably ever know about this are the people at that very university, if they are even keeping track of it, and we don't know that they are keeping track of it. But most Americans never get a fair chance to see this information.  To give one example, I sent a letter to the University of Cincinnati asking about how much money the drug companies have been paying one of their psychiatrists, Dr. Melissa DelBello. Back in May, The New York Times reported on the research done by Dr. DelBello to see if adolescents could be treated for bipolar disorder with a powerful drug called Seroquel, which is manufactured by Astra Zeneca. The study was funded by Astra Zeneca and showed that Seroquel was a good choice for treating bipolar disorder in children. Dr. DelBello's study was later cited by a prominent panel of experts who concluded that drugs such as Seroquel should be a first-line treatment for children with bipolar disorder.  Here is where it gets interesting. After Dr. DelBello released her study, Astra Zeneca began hiring her to give several sponsored talks. Another doctor told The New York Times he was persuaded to start prescribing drugssuch as Seroquel after listening to Dr. DelBello. But when the reporter from the New York Times asked Dr. DelBello how much money she got from Astra Zeneca, she told the paper: ``Trust me. I don't make much.''  Well, I decided to find out how much, and I went directly to the University of Cincinnati who, by the way, has been extremely cooperative, helpful, and responsive. Soon I figured out just how much ``not that much'' money is. Dr. DelBello's study, which helped put Seroquel on the map, was published in 2002. That next year, she got more money than she has ever received from the pharmaceutical companies--at least that is what the documents that I have say.  In 2003, Astra Zeneca alone paid her a little over $100,000 for lectures, consulting fees, travel expenses, and service on advisory boards. In 2004, Astra Zeneca paid her over $80,000 for the same services.  Now I am not saying this money was a payoff or suggesting there is something inherently bad with accepting drug company money, but let me tell you what Dr. Steven E. Hyman, provost, Harvard University and former Director of the National Institute of Mental Health, said.  He said these payments could encourage psychiatrists to use drugs in ways that endanger patients' physical health. Specifically, he said of doctors:       We don't connect the wires in our own lives about how money      is affecting our profession and putting our patients at risk.  I think this is a rather interesting assessment by Dr. Hyman.  But let me continue. Just last March, several leading physicians released a study on pharmaceutical company payments to physicians. They published this study in the Journal of the American Medical Association, one of the most prestigious journals in medicine. I would like to quote what they concluded about the need to provide public disclosure of these payments to doctors:  Full disclosure would better allow the public to appreciate the relationship between industry and the health profession.  And so, for the sake of transparency and accountability, shouldn't the American public know who their doctor is taking money from? After all, anybody can go on the Internet and see who is funding the campaigns for federally elected officials. Because doctors are expected to look out for the health and well-being of their patients, shouldn't we hold doctors to similar standards?  In fact, some of this is already occurring. Minnesota requires drug companies to report any payments they give to doctors in that State. I think that is a good thing. Apparently, so do the citizens of Minnesota.  I think what we really need is a national program that will require all drug companies to report when they make payments to doctors. I don't think it would be all that hard for those companies to do. After all, companies have to make sure they know where every penny is going. So it should not be that hard to report some of it to the Federal Government and to the American people. Besides, they are already doing it in Minnesota.  In closing, I plan to continue my inquiry into drug company payments to doctors. In addition, I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate, as well as members of the pharmaceutical industry, to establish a national reporting system.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Salazar). The Senator from Maryland is recognized.  