 President, I did not come to the floor to talk about Iraq. I am not on too many of the committees that deal with foreign relations and military issues. I am on the Finance Committee, serving as a team player with the capable chairman of that committee, Senator Baucus, to deal with health issues, tax issues, and trade issues.  One of the health issues I have been speaking on for the last several days is the issue of Medicare and prescription drugs. For 3 days you have heard this Senator say why Democratic efforts to ruin the Medicare prescription drug program by doing away with the nonintervention clause is bad for senior citizens. I will take this fourth day of speaking to quote from other experts because I don't presume that any of the other 99 Senators care what I say. I have said it anyway. But I want to back up what I have said over the last 3 days by quoting from other people whom other Senators may be listening to in the period of time between now and a couple of weeks from now when this issue of prescription drugs is going to come up.  On Monday I spoke about how the benefit uses prescription drug plans and competition to keep costs down and how well that is working. I backed that up statistically. I said it then, and I say it again: If it ain't broke, don't fix it.  I presented findings from the chief actuary at the Center for Medicare Services. And for the benefit of a new Senator chairing, this chief actuary is the one people on his side of the aisle were quoting so extensively, that there was a much higher figure coming out of the administration than what the CBO had, and there was an effort to keep that hidden--what the chief actuary said it would cost--from the Congress so that we would pass a bill that was more expensive than we said it was. And if he could be quoted then, I want people to listen to him now.  I also quoted experts from the Congressional Budget Office, explicitly rejecting opponents' claims that giving the Secretary of Health and Human Services the authority to negotiate with drug companies would produce savings.  Today I will let the words of others from across the political spectrum and from the news media do the talking. I will begin with Secretary Michael Leavitt, head of the Department of Health and Human Services, who said:       Government negotiation of prices does not work unless you      have a program completely run by the government. Federal      price negotiations would unravel the whole structure of the      Medicare drug benefit, which relies on competing private      plans.  Just today, the Secretary wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post that if the Government was required to negotiate--I am quoting the Secretary--``one government official would set more than 4,400 prices for different drugs, making decisions that would be better made by millions of individual consumers.''  