 President, I listened to the Senator from Kansas. I am a farmer. I am not a lawyer like he is. He is a lawyer and farmer, so he might have some intuition. But I would just like to have him come, and I will deliver it to his desk--he needs to read my amendment. What he has said is an analysis of the bill that Senator Kohl and I introduced, but that is not the amendment. Maybe he missed my opening remarks, but I went to great length in those opening remarks to explain how my amendment differs from the bill. I want to point that out to the Senator from Kansas because I think I have addressed every concern he has presented to the Senate in his very good speech.  I have taken care of his concerns, and I am going to mention those concerns he has brought up, and then I am going to go to some length to tell you how I have taken care of that. But there is no special counsel amendment in this bill, as the Senator from Kansas has said. There are no additional reviews of transactions that have already taken place. That was in the original bill. It is not in this amendment.  He spoke two or three times about changing the burden of proof. That was in the original bill. It is not in this slimmed-down amendment. There is no burden of proof shifting in the amendment.  The task force that we provided for has no review or study provisions in the amendment, as indicated by the Senator from Kansas.  Now I am going to go into some detail, because obviously people are not listening to anything I have said. I want to state in a more elaborate way how this bill differs--this amendment differs from the bill that I said Senator Kohl and I first introduced, and the length we went to take care of concerns that the White House, the administration has raised, concerns that both the ranking member and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee raised, because this bill was referred to Judiciary, and then lastly, working with the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee, to address concerns he had.  There has been a lot of smoke and mirrors--I think you heard some of that--about the provision of the bill, and most of those charges are not factual, as I have indicated.  The fact is, this amendment is very different from the bill Senator Kohl and I introduced earlier this year. This amendment is also different from another amendment I had already filed to this bill. Let me list some of the thingsthat are not in our amendment that are before us in 3823.  I am hearing that people are concerned about the shifting of the burden of proof in the amendment. The burden-of-proof shifting provision that was in the prior iteration has been eliminated. It is not in this amendment. There are no substantive changes to antitrust laws at all.  I am hearing concerns about reviews that will be done after mergers have been approved. The provisions that allow the task force to do a study of agricultural mergers that were approved within the past 10 years have been eliminated, not in this amendment.  In addition, the provisions requiring the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission to review ag mergers 5 years after they have been approved have been eliminated as well.  The provision creating an Assistant Attorney General for Agricultural Antitrust at the Justice Department has been eliminated. In other words, it is not in the amendment pending before the Senate.  The constitutional concerns raised by the administration, not by Senator Brownback, about the agricultural competition task force are gone, the constitutional concerns.  We changed the provisions requiring adoption by the Justice Department of task force working group recommendations on agricultural guidelines. The amendment now has the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission consulting with the task force working group on the guidelines.  Any so-called constitutional concerns have been eliminated. We have made other changes to the prior writings of this amendment and/or the bill, all of which were incorporated in amendment 3823. We made these changes to address concerns that we agreed with, and we made changes in order to reach a fair compromise.  The fact is, big business and the agricultural giants do not want anything that might put up any sort of review by people who know something about agriculture, of their expansion and concentration efforts. The fact is, our Federal antitrust regulators refuse to recognize that agriculture is unique and should have industry-specific guidelines to make sure that special circumstances of the agricultural landscape are considered.  This brings about consideration, this does not bring about any change. Any movement to them, no matter how small, to try to address concentration and competition issues in agriculture is going to be decried by the powerful interest groups and their lobbyists. So when something reasonable is suggested, such as the Grassley-Kohl-Harkin amendment No. 3823, we still are going to get the outrageous claims that this is a bad amendment. The reality is the sky is not falling.  I advise my colleagues, particularly the Senator from Kansas, to read the amendment. Forget about the bill he has been referring to. Instead, listen, and stop listening to those sensational cries being made by agribusiness and their allies. We need to pass this amendment.  I yield the floor.  