 That happens to be only about 6 percent of the amount that is needed to make the budget we are debating now work, without regard to any new relief which will also have to be paid for.  What other revenue raisers have been identified and scored? Because we are always looking for them, because we are always getting scores for them, there is always going to be some need for them. The President's budget, for instance, contained a package of 16 tax gap measures that the Joint Committee on Taxation scores as raising $5.7 billion over 5 years. We can see that figure reflected on this chart. The Democrats have identified raisers that amount to $35.6 billion. So we have $42 billion of identified and scored revenue raisers. Let's look at how that figure compares to the budget before us. That is only about 5 percent of the amount that is needed to make this budget work. Based on these facts, the likelihood that the Finance Committee, the tax-writing committee of the Senate, will be able to come up with revenue raisers of this magnitude is remote at best.  If that is the case, what will then happen? The revenue side of the budget will be ignored, but the spending side will be followed. The net effect will be a massive tax increase, a bigger deficit, or both. I am letting my colleagues know the revenue-raising well is about 5 to 6 percent full, not 100 percent full, as it would take to do it. If we look at the Finance Committee tax staff's aggressive record on revenue raising as a guide, we might be able to fill the revenue of this well a little bit more, but there is no way we can get to where this budget purports to go.  In conclusion, this budget represents a dramatic step backward for the American taxpayer. For the first time in 6 years, this budget is a barrier, not a path, for bipartisan tax relief for virtually every American taxpayer.  I have another chart that uses a farm analogy. We farmers are frequently visited by Canadian geese as they fly south down the Mississippi ``fly-away'' for the winter, and as they come north for the spring. Geese are not like chickens in that they do not hang around to lay eggs. Here is a chart with a goose on it. This chart shows that the budget guarantees a goose egg for tax relief.  City folks know the term ``goose egg'' means zero. For the first time in 6 years, that is what the American public is getting in guaranteed tax relief--a goose egg. That is what they are getting--zero, zip, nothing. So take a look at our track record. Take a look at the revenue offsets Senate Democrats have identified and scored. What you will see is a minimal amount, as the well chart showed. This budget, then, puts an unrealistic demand on the revenue offsets that are possible. The well of offsets cannot be filled to the level the budget assumes. It is so unrealistic as, in my judgment, to be fictitious. It means virtually every taxpayer gets a goose egg.  Now, for 6 years, we have heard the primary reason for partisan opposition to popular bipartisan tax relief is fiscal responsibility. Where is the fiscal responsibility on the spending side of the ledger in this budget? If you take a look, you will see that goose egg again.  So after 6 years of fiscal responsibility arguments, you would think if the American taxpayer was going to get a goose egg in tax relief, the party in power would show us more than a goose egg on the spending restraint side. Not so. As a matter of fact, spending goes up several hundred billion dollars.  As ranking member of the Finance Committee, I am sorry to say this budget does not even attempt to mesh the demands of the Finance Committee with the numbers in this budget. From my Finance Committee perspective, we might as well demand we have 60-vote bills. That is the only way you can ignore the budget resolution. There is no way for offsets of the size that is demanded here that are possible.  I hope deficit hawks on both sides of the aisle pay close attention. The only thing certain is new spending is going to occur. That is the only thing that is going to happen. The deficit impact of not realistically dealing with the tax, trade, and health policy priorities of the Finance Committee disguises the deficit built into this budget.  I am going to have more to say on this disconnect between the Finance Committee policies and this budget as we continue this debate in coming days. Today, I merely wished to show the Senate how the numbers on the revenue side do not work. As we take up amendments, I am hopeful we can make this budget mesh with what is possible for the Finance Committee to do and the policy demands before that committee.  I also wish to discuss another thing that is going to be heavily discussed, in fact to some extent has already been discussed with this budget; that is, the sources of revenue the chairman of the Budget Committee claims will help offset the 5-year $916 billion cost of extending existing tax policy. That happens to be something I like to talk about because I like to do things in this area--shutting down offshore tax havens.  I have been aggressive in combating abusive tax shelters offshore and otherwise. As chairman of the Finance Committee, I worked hard to shut down offshore tax evaders. I already referred in my remarks today to the 2004 JOBS bill, shutting down the tax benefits for companies that enter into corporate inversion transactions and abusive domestic and cross-border leasing transactions.  