 President, this amendment, as I said, focuses on the Federal Government's support for the Smithsonian Institution. The American people, I believe, have been shocked and outraged to read in newspapers and see on their TVs a story about the out-of-control spending at the Smithsonian by the Secretary of the Institution: First-class air travel for the Secretary and his wife, a palace for an office, and hundreds of thousands of dollars spent on the Secretary's own home for things such as chandelier cleaning and pool heaters are impossible to justify. As my colleagues know, the Federal Government provides over 70 percent of the Smithsonian's approximately $1 billion budget. Most of the rest of the budget comes from tax-preferred charitable donations. Directly or indirectly, the Federal taxpayers pay for almost everything in the Smithsonian.  My amendment is very straightforward. The budget resolution provides for a $17 million increase for the Smithsonian. I commend the chairman of the Budget Committee for increasing the spending for the Institution, and I support that action. As a report issued today from the Smithsonian Arts External Review Committee made clear, there are very significant problems at the Smithsonian in terms of maintaining and protecting the Smithsonian infrastructure and exhibits. The Smithsonian is the keeper of America's treasures, and we want a museum we can all be proud of. So I support the additional $17 million.  But similar to many Americans, my reaction to the Secretary's spending is I want to make sure we are not having new money used to order another round of champagne. My amendment basically fences the $17 million increase but allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the allocations--effectively to release the $17 million in new spending--once and only after the General Accounting Office has certified the following:  No. 1, that no one at the Smithsonian is getting paid more than the President of the United States, as was proposed by the House Appropriations Committee last year; no more paying for French doors at the Secretary's home, in other words. There are many fine museums and charities that receive the same amount of charitable donations as the Smithsonian that are able to hire very able directors for what we pay the President of the United States.  No. 2, the Smithsonian must follow the travel expenditure guidelines of the Federal Government. No more first-class flights with wife and Secretary to Hawaii to enjoy Thanksgiving.  No. 3, the Smithsonian must have ethics rules similar to the ethics rules of Federal Government employees. No more sitting on corporate boards, making big, big money--corporations that have contractual relations with the Smithsonian and possible conflicts of interest.  The amendment also makes clear that the actions of the Secretary are not in keeping with the public trust of the office.  Finally, the amendment states that a priority should be given to funding for repairing and maintaining the Smithsonian and to fully fund the Office of Inspector General at the Smithsonian so the American people and the Congress can have renewed confidence that the $700 million-plus in Federal funds the Smithsonian has is used properly and appropriately.  I am still working with the chairman and with Senator Gregg to make certain this amendment is drafted in a manner that meets their concerns. I am confident we can do that.  I yield the floor.  