  I mentioned earlier that the argument that our recent tax policies are responsible for the wild growth in the alternative minimum tax is an old and a very tired argument, intellectually dishonest. The Ways and Means press release of November 14, 2007 refers to a letter of March 6, 2001, sent by Mr. Rangel to President Bush.  I just talked about a Democratic staffer making the same point in Tax Notes in 2005. I am not bothered by these arguments in and of themselves. They are based upon poor analysis, if that, and it is easy for me to respond to them. What does bother me, however, is that clearly many people are more interested in trying to make cheap political points than actually dealing with the alternative minimumtax. If House Democrats were concerned about the tax burden, they would repeal the alternative minimum tax without raising taxes on other taxpayers to replace revenue that was never supposed to come into the Federal Treasury, because these 23 million middle-income taxpayers were never supposed to be hit by the alternative minimum tax, because it was only meant to be paid by the superrich.  I have made the point many times, that this alternative minimum tax was never meant as a revenue source, and I do not care if I made it twice in a row, three times in a row, it is a fact of life: These 23 million people were never meant to pay it. The alternative minimum tax is only supposed to hit the superrich--it was an unsuccessful attempt--when the alternative minimum tax was passed in 1969, to promote tax fairness. This point has not been challenged.  Rather, my friends in the House and elsewhere have distorted that argument into a claim that Republicans intended to use the alternative minimum tax to secretly diminish the impact of the 2001 and 2003 tax relief packages. I have shown how that argument is flawed every time it is dug out of the closet by someone. The alternative minimum tax certainly is not a secret. But it is a mystery how so many people can engage in so much pointless discussion when what we need now right now, actually several months late, is urgent action.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. McCaskill.) The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  