 It is on the real Web site.  Well, I referred to this 2004 JOBS bill before in my remarks, shutting down the tax benefits for companies that enter into corporate inversion transactions and abusive domestic and cross-border leasing transactions.  The JOBS bill also contains a package of 21 antitax shelter provisions. That has been law since 2004.  As ranking member of the Finance Committee, I saw to it that the minimum wage and small business tax relief package also contained antitax loophole provisions--and that stuff is still before the Senate--including shutting off tax benefits for corporationsthat inverted after Senator Baucus and I issued a public warning that legislation would stop these deals, shutting off tax benefits from abusive foreign leasing transactions that were not caught by the JOBS bill, and doubling penalties and interest for offshore financial arrangements.  But again, I refer to the Democratic chairman of the tax-writing committee in the other body, the Ways and Means Committee, who does not appear to be supportive of these provisions based upon a hearing he had last week, even though--even though--the same Member of the other body voted for many of them in the public JOBS conference in 2004.  So having studied these issues and having legislated in this area, I consider my views on tax policy directed at tax shelters and tax havens to be credible. From what I can tell, the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee in the Senate views the problem of offshore tax havens in two categories: One, the ability of U.S. multinationals to shift income to these tax havens; and, two, tax evasion by U.S. individuals who hide assets and income in tax havens.  We have seen Democratic Senators, including the chairman of the Budget Committee, hold up a picture of the Ugland House, a law firm's office building in the Cayman Islands, as home to 12,748 corporations. I would like to give Senators some background on where that picture comes from and at what issue it is aimed.  That picture comes from an article published in Bloomberg Markets in August 2004, and it is titled ``The $150 Billion Shell Game.'' The article focused on the ability of U.S. multinationals to shift income to low-tax jurisdictions through transfer pricing. Transfer pricing is a term for how affiliated corporations set the prices for transactions between them. Transfer pricing is important because it determines how much profit is subject to tax in different jurisdictions involved in related party transactions.  The $150 billion figure is an academic estimate of the annual amount of profit that corporations shift outside the United States with improper transfer pricing. That is what the $150 billion figure is. Let me make that clear. It is an estimate of the annual amount of profit that corporations shift outside the United States with improper transfer pricing.  So this article is aimed at U.S. corporations that artificially shift their income to low-tax jurisdictions through improper transfer pricing practices. To illustrate this point, I have produced a few quotes from that article. The first one says:       Under U.S. law, U.S. companies can use Cayman subsidiaries      and transfer pricing rules to shift sales and profits from      other countries, thus reducing their overall tax burden.  Another quote:       A practice called transfer pricing may be the key to how      U.S. corporations avoid taxes in the U.S. and other      countries.  That last quote is from my colleague, the Senator from North Dakota, Mr. Dorgan.  One of the Democrats' revenue raisers, then, that is still on the shelf purports to target this transfer pricing problem. But you would not know it by looking at the language of the proposal because it does not make any changes to our transfer pricing rules. Instead, the proposal would eliminate deferral for income of any U.S. multinational's foreign subsidiaries incorporated in certain black-listed jurisdictions. It is called the tax haven controlled foreign corporate proposal. I am going to call it CFC for short.  Part of our Tax Code since 1918, ``deferral'' means that U.S. multinationals do not pay tax on active income of their foreign subsidiaries until that income is repatriated to the United States. Passive income is subject to tax on a current basis. Deferral only applies to active income.  I agree with the premise of this proposal that U.S. multinationals should pay their fair share of U.S. taxes. U.S. multinationals that use improper transfer pricing do so to obtain the benefits of deferral on profits that, economically, should be subject to tax in the United States on a current basis. Here is my quote from the Bloomberg article:       We have to get on top of corporate accounting and      manipulation of corporate books for the sole purpose of      reducing taxes.  Nobody is going to disagree with that.  So my view is that stronger transfer pricing rules and stronger enforcement of those rules is the right way to target this problem in our current international tax system. The Internal Revenue Service is taking steps to tighten our transfer pricing rules.  In 2005, that agency proposed regulations that would overhaul the rules for so-called cost-sharing arrangements. These are arrangements by which U.S. multinationals are able to transfer intangible property to subsidiaries in low-tax jurisdictions. Based on the volume of complaining I have seen lobbyists level at the Treasury and the IRS, the proposed IRS regulations would go a long way to prevent artificial income shifting. I hope to see these regulations finalized very soon.  Others have different views. They would eliminate deferrals altogether. So another quote in the Bloomberg article succinctly states this view. This is a quote from Jason Furman, a former aide to Senator Kerry of Massachusetts. It says:       American companies should pay taxes on their profits in the      same way whether they earn them in Bangalore or Buffalo.  Now, that might sound simple enough, but that is where these proposals to eliminate or curtail deferrals on a piecemeal basis are headed--headed in a way that is going to be harmful, to completely eliminate deferral for U.S. multinationals. Without a significant corporate tax rate reduction--and I would be in favor of doing that--eliminating deferrals would have the effect of exporting our high tax rates and putting U.S. multinationals at a competitive disadvantage in the global marketplace. When I said I would be in favor of reducing our corporate tax rates, that is because other countries are doing it and if we don't soon do something along that line, we are going to lose a lot of business and particularly a lot of manufacturing here in the United States.  The Senate is on record as wanting to protect the competitiveness of U.S. businesses in the global marketplace. That is what the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004--an act I referred to several times today which contains several international simplification provisions, and with a vote of 69 Senators, including 24 Democrats, we passed that bill. The Senate version of the JOBS bill passed with a more bipartisan majority--92 Senators, including 44 Democrats.  There has been a longstanding debate about whether our international tax system should be fundamentally changed. Some advocate taxing all foreign income on a current basis; others argue for completely exempting active foreign income under a territorial system, as many of our trading partners do. If we want to have that debate, that is a very fair debate to have, but piecemeal cutbacks on deferral for active foreign income would do nothing but complicate the Tax Code and create opportunities for tax planning around those cutbacks.  The other offshore issue identified by the chairman of the Budget Committee is U.S. tax evasion by individual taxpayers who hide their assets and income in foreign bank accounts and foreign corporations. Since 1913, our Tax Code has subjected U.S. citizens to taxes on their worldwide income. No matter what the Internet purveyors of tax evasion say, this principle cannot be avoided by putting passive assets and income into a foreign corporation. The Tax Code has rules to prevent this. Taxpayers who do that willingly violate these rules and, of course, are guilty of tax fraud and, in some instances, may even be guilty of criminal fraud.  So the problem of offshore tax evasion isn't that our laws permit it; the problem is there are some taxpayers who are intent on cheating, intent on hiding their income from the Internal Revenue Service. The Service has been successful in catching many of these, but more can be done, and I will help do it.  The Service has difficulty detecting tax evasion and obtaining the information necessary to enforce our laws. One important tool for the IRS is information exchange with other jurisdictions. Our double tax treaties contain an article on information exchange designed to help the IRS obtain quality information to enforce our tax laws. In addition, administrations past and presenthave entered into over 20 tax information exchange agreements with jurisdictions that are often referred to as tax havens. Sensible solutions to this problem should aim to improve on our tax information exchange network and not put it at risk.  Underreported income is the largest piece of the tax gap. We should keep in mind that hiding assets and income from the IRS isn't just an offshore tax haven problem; it may also be an onshore problem. A recent article in USA Today noted that there is:       A thriving mini-industry that has capitalized on real or      perceived gaps in domestic incorporation laws and virtually      nonexistent government oversight to promote some U.S. States      as secrecy rivals of offshore havens.  The picture of the Ugland House in the Cayman Islands makes for good grandstanding, yes, but there are also office buildings in some States that are listed as addresses for thousands of companies which are incorporated in those States for similar reasons as corporations may be incorporated in the Cayman Islands; that is, secrecy of ownership and a permissive regulatory environment.  Whatever additional solutions the Finance Committee comes up with to shine sunlight on tax evaders will need to consider both offshore as well as onshore evasion.  To conclude, I wish to emphasize that I am all for shutting off inappropriate tax benefits from offshore arenas. The chairman has said he thinks we could get $100 billion a year from this source. I haven't seen any proposals scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation that come even close to bringing in that kind of money. The last score I have seen for the tax havens CFC proposal is $7.7 billion over 5 years. Senators Levin, Coleman, and Obama have recently introduced a bill which contains several proposals aimed at offshore tax havens, but I haven't seen a Joint Committee on Taxation score on it yet.  So once again, it will be the Finance Committee's responsibility to come up with real, sensible, effective proposals to combat offshore and onshore tax havens, and I am glad to do it, as I have over the last several years. But the likelihood that they will be scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation to bring in the kind of money assumed in this budget resolution is remote at best, and it borders on, I believe, blue smoke.  I yield the floor.  