 President, soon the Senate will be debating the Children's Health Insurance Program. I might refer to that from time to time as CHIP, C-H-I-P, Children's Health Insurance Program.  This program is sunsetting in a week. The program was started 10 years ago, a product of a Republican-led Congress. It is a targeted program. It is a program designed to provide affordable health coverage for low-income children of working families. Those are families, working families, who make too much to qualify for Medicaid but struggle to afford private insurance and may not even have it.  Last July, because this program has to be reauthorized right now, the Senate Finance Committee reported bipartisan legislation to enhance and improve CHIP by a strong vote of 17 to 4.  In August, the Senate passed the Finance bill with the same bipartisan support by a vote of 68 to 31. On Tuesday, 265 Members of the House of Representatives voted for the bill that now will be before the Senate. That bill is a product of informal conferencing between the House and Senate. Clearly, we have a bill with strong bipartisan support. I want to emphasize that because this is the way the Senate Finance Committee has operated over a long period of time, both with Republicans in control and Democrats in control. Senator Baucus worked very closely with me when we were in the majority. Senator Baucus has continued that working relationship now that Democrats control the Congress and he is chairman of the committee. I welcome and appreciate that bipartisan leadership. It is obviously represented in this product that will soon be before the Senate.  This legislation maintains the fundamental provisions of the Senate. I want to emphasize that it maintains the fundamental provisions of the Senate bill not to denigrate the work of the House of Representatives but as a reflection of the fact that we had to work out something that would not be filibustered in the Senate. In the House of Representatives they don't have such provisions for filibuster. The House had some deference to the Senate. I appreciate that. But I also appreciate the fact that a lot of my colleagues--and these are Republican colleagues to whom I refer, not Democratic colleagues--said so often during the months of consideration of this bill before we finally passed it the first time that this $35 billion didn't mean much that we passed in the Senate because the House of Representatives passed a $50 billion CHIP bill and it would come back much bigger. I tried to say to my colleagues at that particular time that there would have to be a realization that if we were going to avoid a filibuster in the Senate, we would have to have something closer to the Senate provisions than the House. So I emphasize that this is pretty much the legislation the Senate originally passed, albeit right now it is a compromise between the House and Senate. There was a cap on new spending of $35 billion. There are no Medicare provisions in this bill as there were in the Senate bill. Spending is paid for by an increase in the cigarette tax. I commend the majority in the House and Senate for cooperating with Senate Republicans and for working with us on our priorities during the negotiations that led to this agreement. This compromise agreement is consistent with the principles we put forth in the Senate bill.  