 President, within the past few weeks a series of events has occurred that can help shed light on how tax relief enacted in the past 7 years has impacted the budget of the United States. On September 27, the Senate voted to increase the debt limit so the Treasury would be able to borrow enough to meet our Nation's obligations. At the time, I made a statement that this was necessary. The proper place to take a stand for fiscal responsibility is when we are considering bills that spend money and actually create our debt.  Unfortunately, some of my colleagues believe the only answer to our budget woes is to increase taxes. But I believe this point of view is misguided and would prove destructive to our budget in the long term. Especially over the past 7 years, discussion of an increase in debt limit has prompted excitable statements from my colleagues across the aisle on the current administration's fiscal record. I am sure I do not have to say these statements from across the aisle have not been positive.  Another event I want to mention is the release on October 5, 2007, of the Monthly Budget Review from the Congressional Budget Office. The Congressional Budget Office budget review forecasts that the deficit for fiscal year 2007 would be significantly smaller than the deficit for 2006, and then the Final Monthly Treasury Statement, published by the Treasury Financial Management Service, confirmed that. According to the U.S. Treasury, the Federal deficit for fiscal 2007 was $162.8 billion. The deficit for 2006, the year before, was considerably higher, at $248.2 billion. The deficit for 2007 then is around $85 billion less than it was last year.  The chart I am going to show you, taken from Treasury documents, shows how this decrease in the deficit has been driven by a 6.7-percent estimated increase in total receipts over fiscal year 2006.  If you are determined to show that tax relief has led to less revenue from the Federal Government, then this data is difficult to explain. Of course, the conventional criticism offered against tax relief was that it was going to be directly responsible for massive increases in the deficit. This argument implies that as a result of tax relief, the Federal Government would collect less money in taxes.  On May 23, 2003, the Senate voted to agree to a conference report to accompany the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003. The vote was close. The conference report was agreed to only because the Vice President cast the tie-breaking vote in favor of the report. Anyone who reviews the Congressional Record of that debate would see that the rollcall vote was preceded by a very contentious discussion. Many of my colleagues had very strong criticism of the bill which, among other things, reduced the rates for capital gains and dividends.  Tax policy generally is not seen as something that attracts a lot of excitement, but the floor debate of May 23, 2003, could have given a listener the impression the sky was falling.  This chart of Chicken Little reporting that the sky is falling illustrates the tone of some of the criticism made by my colleagues.  One Senator claimed:       The tax base of the Federal Government is being destroyed.  This same Senator referred to the bill as:       One of the most dangerous, destructive and dishonorable      acts of Government that I have ever seen.  Another one of my colleagues claimed that the bill:       Is about helping the elite few with large tax cuts while      burdening the majority of Americans with huge debt.  Here again, you see the implication that the 2003 tax relief was going to diminish revenues collected by the Federal Government.  A third colleague claimed:       This bill I call the policy of the three Ds. This is the      policy of debt, deficits and decline.  This comment is especially interesting when examining a statement made by this very same Senator on September 27 of this year during the discussion on increasing the statutory limit on the public debt. That same Senator said at that time that:       Revenue has been basically stagnant in this country for 6      years.  According to my colleagues in the Congressional Budget Office, revenues in 2000 were $2 trillion, just a hair over $2 trillion, while revenues in 2007 were calculated by the Treasury to be around $2.12 trillion, taking into consideration inflation.  First, I wish to point out that the word ``stagnant'' used by my colleague is a far cry from the debt, deficit, and decline that tax relief was supposed to inflict on this Nation. I am not saying we do not have a massive national debt fed by successive budget deficits, but the specific tax relief enacted in 2003 and again within the past 7 years is not the cause of that.  As my esteemed colleague pointed out, even accounting for inflation, the revenues of the Federal Government are projected to be greater in 2007 than they were in 2000. So this certainly shows that our tax base was not gutted by tax relief as was so profoundly asserted by my colleagues.  I also would like to say that I do not think that $90 billion is a triflingamount of money. Maybe it is to some people in some places, but it is certainly not for us people, for the Iowa farmer.  To offer a different perspective, let's consider this year's appropriations bills. The Democratic leadership wants to spend $23 billion more than the President's budget on appropriations. That same group is preparing to force a showdown with the President over that $23 billion. That is one-fourth of the amount I am talking about here. So when it comes to spending, extra dollars do count, but extra revenue from lower levels of taxation is to be belittled no matter what the number might be. It just sounds so inconsistent.  My excitable colleagues here in the Senate are not the only ones who predicted gloom and doom that never came because of the tax relief in August of 2003. Even the Congressional Budget Office published a document titled ``The Budget and Economic Outlook: An Update.'' The bill reducing rates on capital gains and dividends had become law at the end of May, so the Congressional Budget Office was able to take tax relief into account as they conjured their budget projections. This chart right here illustrates the discrepancy between what was forecast by the Congressional Budget Office in the summer of 2003 and what actually transpired. You can see the red line actual figure is way above the blue line that was suggested by the Congressional Budget Office.  In August of 2003, the Congressional Budget Office projected that the Federal Government would collect about $1,770 billion in revenue. According to the historical budget data--also from the CBO--revenue in 2003 was actually about $1,783 billion. That difference is $13 billion. Now, $13 billion may be peanuts to some people, but I think it is a good start.  In August 2003, the Congressional Budget Office projected Federal revenues for 2003 to be $2,276 billion. Actually in 2003, Federal revenues were about $2,407 billion. The Federal Government collected, then, $131 billion more in 2006 than was originally forecast in the dark days of 2003, when several of my Democratic colleagues thought that tax relief was poised to destroy our tax base. Revenues actually collected were higher than projected when considered as a percentage of gross domestic product.  In August 2003, CBO projected that revenues in 2006 would be 18.2 percent of GDP. Actual revenues collected in 2006 were more than that--at 18.4 percent compared to 18.2 percent of GDP. In 2005, they were 17.6 percent; in 2004, they were 16.3 percent; and in 2003, they were 16.5 percent. After a small downturn in 2004, Federal revenues, taken in proportion, increased faster than the GDP.  Speaking of its 2007 projection, in an October 2007 monthly budget revenue, CBO states:       Revenues rose to 18.8 percent of GDP, which is slightly      higher than the average of 18.2 percent over the past 40      years.  Even with lower taxes, the Federal Government is collecting, on average, a greater percentage of GDP in revenue year by year than it has over the past four decades.  Incidentally, in 2003, CBO projected that revenues would equal 18.3 percent of GDP in 2007.  Next, I want to compare the 4-year period after the 2003 tax relief plan went into effect with the 4-year period after the tax increases were enacted in the Clinton first year, 1993.  The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, signed into law by the President in August of that year, increased taxes on corporations and individuals while increasing taxes on gasoline and raising the taxable portion of Social Security benefits.  I think this may be counterintuitive to some people, especially to those who believe that the well-being of our Nation is directly proportional to our ability to seize income from taxpayers, but as a percentage of GDP, Federal revenues increased faster after tax relief than they did after tax increases.  To set the stage, in 1993, Federal revenues were 17.5 percent of gross domestic product. In 2003, Federal revenues were a percent less at 16.5 percent of GDP.  By the way, all of these numbers are Congressional Budget Office numbers, and until I get to 2007, they are not projections.  If you look at this chart we are now putting up, you can see that as a percentage of GDP, Federal revenues increased faster in the 4 years after the 2003 tax relief than they did after the 1993 tax increase. Let me emphasize that. Revenues came in faster after we decreased taxes in 2003 than they did after 1993 when we increased the taxes.  For 1997, Federal revenues were 19.3 percent of GDP. Between 1993 and 1997, Federal revenues increased by 1.8 percent of GDP.  Now, in 2007, Federal revenues are projected by the Congressional Budget Office to be 18.8 percent of GDP. If this is the case, then over the past 4 years, Federal revenues will have increased by 2.3 percent, and 1.8 percent subtracted from that 2.3 percent leaves one-half of a percent. The tax relief enacted in 2003 grew Federal revenues by one-half of a percentage point more than the tax hikes of 1993 in the 4 years following each.  I like to emphasize this because I think that it just--too many people see it as common sense that if you raise tax rates, you are going to bring in more revenue; if you lower tax rates, you are going to bring in less revenue. But I just showed that tax increases under Clinton did not bring in as much revenue as tax decreases in this administration. They brought in more revenue. So I would like to disabuse people of the fact that increasing rates brings in more revenue and decreasing rates brings in less revenue.  What is also important is that as a percentage of GDP, revenues were higher in 1997 than they will be this year. In my opinion, they were too high.  The point that I am making is that the rate of change in revenues as a percentage of GDP has so far been greater after tax relief than after a tax hike. I think it is very important, especially for those who reflexively believe that the only way for the Federal Government to raise more money is to confiscate more income from taxpayers. Clearly, that view is false.  To conclude, let me summarize the current budget situation.  Right now, taxes are lower than they would have been under Democratic rule. I want to make it clear that I am not saying that no Democrats supported any tax relief. Some Democrats voted for the 2003 tax relief plan, and many more voted for the 2000 tax relief plan. However, I am skeptical that a Democratic Congress or White House would have allowed taxpayers to keep so much of their own money.  The budget deficit is shrinking, and Federal revenues are increasing. Anyone who finds fault with this situation is determined to do nothing but simply find fault. They would probably be unable to enjoy a sunny day because they would constantly be on the lookout for storm clouds regardless of what the forecast said. There is a problem with debt and with Federal budget deficits, but tax increases are the wrong way to approach that problem.  We have a Federal budget deficit because the Federal Government spends too much money, and the best way to get rid of deficits is to spend less. Consequently, raising taxes makes the situation worse by punishing the overall economy and making conditions more difficult for the economy--the source of Federal revenues--to function efficiently. We have to remember that our economy supports the Government and not the other way around. The budget data I have discussed today shows how we can increase revenues and reduce deficits by removing impediments to economic efficiency and allowing our economy to flourish.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Salazar.) The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  