 President, I understand we are going to have a group of Senators visiting Greenland this weekend to see the effects of global warming on glaciers. I am sure they will visit areas where you can see icebergs breaking off glaciers, presumably more frequently than normal, due to global warming, although this phenomena has always occurred to some extent.  Perhaps these Senators will also visit with local residents, such as farmers who have been able to graze their sheep longer during this warmer weather that now seems to be there.  However, I wonder if, for a little historical perspective, the group will be visiting the Viking ruins on the southern tip of Greenland. As someone interested in history, I think such a visit would be very fascinating. I have always believed that we can learn a lot from history, so I am sure some value could be found in such an excursion to the Viking ruins at the southern tip of Greenland.  As many of my colleagues may be aware, archeologists have dug through the permafrost to excavate the remains of Viking farms, part of two major settlements that at one time may have had up to 5,000 inhabitants, and those settlements, presumably, lasted for over 400 years.  As we all know, Greenland was first settled by Erik the Red, who encouraged fellow Norsemen to join him in colonizing the empty land that we call Greenland today. These men grew grain and grazed sheep and cows in pastures. They prospered, at least at first, building structures like a great hall and a cathedral, as well as homes and barns. The remains of about 400 stone structures still exist on Greenland.  For reasons I am not sure are fully understood, sometime around the end of the 15th century, the Viking settlement in Greenland disappeared. No one knows precisely why the Vikings disappeared from Greenland, but it appears from the archeological evidence that life got somewhat harder and the climate became cooler and the land more difficult to farm, until Greenland could no longer sustain the Viking settlements.  I had an opportunity to be reminded of this as I saw on the Discovery Channel this week where they were talking about a small ice age overcoming the Northern Hemisphere during the late 1400s, 1500s, and 1600s. Maybe that had something to do with the Viking settlements disappearing from Greenland. But 500 years later, we are able to catch a glimpse of what their life must have been like by digging through a farm buried in that permafrost on Greenland. Only a little more time has passed since the Viking settlements disappeared until today, than from the time they were established there in Greenland until they were abandoned.  Contemplating the passage of time over centuries humbles us by putting our own short lifespan in historical perspective. It makes us realize that God is ultimately in control and the activities of human beings today are one tiny part of that divine plan. I think, from time to time, we need to reflect that way, which is why I hope my colleagues visiting Greenland this weekend have an opportunity to take time out of their schedule to visit the Viking ruins.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  