President, I rise today to take a few minutes to discuss Federal meddling in the internal affairs of my home State of Oregon.  As many of my colleagues know, the people of my State have been discussing at length the concept of assisted suicide. In fact, the people of Oregon have spoken twice on this issue. It is a very difficult issue, and after months of thoughtful debate and intense media scrutiny, the voters of my State have voted to allow physicians to assist their terminally ill patients in ending their lives.  Mr. President and colleagues, let me say that I have deep personal reservations about the concept of assisted suicide. I have voted twice as a private citizen against assisted suicide, and once on the floor of the U.S. Senate I voted against Federal funding of assisted suicide. But let me also say that the voters of my State in a recent ballot measure have voted no on the question of repealing the matter of assisted suicide they voted for earlier.  My question today is, what part of no does the Federal Government fail to understand? We saw just a few hours after the Oregon vote some of the most powerful Members of the U.S. Congress and the Clinton administration looking to overturn the popular will of the people of Oregon. Within hours of the Oregon vote, a letter emerged from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Members of Congress who control the budget for the Drug Enforcement Administration. In effect, the Drug Enforcement Administration indicates they want to declare war on physicians in Oregon and those they serve by threatening to revoke the drug dispensing privileges of any physician who abides by the law that Oregon has now passed on two separate occasions. In effect, the Drug Enforcement Administration is interested in thwarting the will of Oregonians.  Now, Mr. President and colleagues, let me repeat again, I have deep personal reservations about assisted suicide. Going back to my days with senior citizens as codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers, I have been most interested in looking at medical advances in pain management and hospice care, and I don't think there has even been a beginning at those efforts, and certainly those are the first efforts that governmental bodies at every level ought to be trying to support.  But when the people have spoken, and in this case the people of my State have spoken twice, it is time for the Federal Government to back off. It is not as if this town doesn't have enough to do already on this floor. It is obvious that important legislation needs to be passed as it relates to a number of Federal agencies. Certainly, the Drug Enforcement Agency has important work to do. I don't see any evidence that they have stemmed the flow of cocaine and heroin and methamphetamine to our kids. It seems to me the Clinton administration and the Drug Enforcement Administration has plenty to do right now other than to meddle in the internal affairs of the State of Oregon.  Now, I have great respect for the Members of Congress who are interested in this issue. A number of them are personal friends and individuals with whom I have worked on a bipartisan basis on health care legislation such as the Food and Drug Administration and health care legislation to protect our youngsters. I have great respect for the Members of Congress, the leaders of the committees that have jurisdiction over the budget for the Drug Enforcement Agency, and I respect them and have worked with them on many occasions.  However, I say to those Members of Congress and to the Clinton administration that it is an inappropriate exercise of our responsibilities to impose personal or religious views on the voters of Oregon. Those voters have spoken. My personal views notwithstanding, I want the Federal Government to get that fairly simple concept known as ``No.'' The people of Oregon have spoken on this issue, and it seems to me if there were a constitutional question involved, perhaps you could understand why the Congress and the Clinton administration would be interested in this Oregon ballot initiative. But in fact, a Federal court has recently ruled against a constitutional challenge to Oregon's law, and the Supreme Court of the United States upheld that ruling.  Mr. President, the citizens of my home State have now made law with respect to what they consider to be compassionate care on the part of Oregon physicians. It was not a rush to judgment. There were two very extensive debates in my State, and I have already indicated that my view with respect to assisted suicide is that I still have deep reservations about the concept.  But the voters of my State have spoken. It would be wrong for those at the Federal level to meddle with that decision. It would be wrong to override the judgment of Oregon voters. And it is my view, Mr. President, that neither this Congress, nor the Clinton administration, nor the DEA, should trample on the judgment of Oregon voters on an issue that the courts have already decided is a matter that should be decided in my home State of Oregon.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  