President, and colleagues, watching Ms. Shea enter the Chamber today makes me feel very proud. It is a good day for the Senate because ensuring equal access to opportunity is what the U.S. Senate is all about. Ms. Shea has been assisting my office in a number of matters, particularly nuclear waste legislation and legislation with respect to the rights of the disabled.  Yesterday, I attempted to bring Ms. Shea on to the Senate floor to assist me in debate on the nuclear waste bill. Ms. Shea is a respected economist and energy policy expert who has worked for the Federal Government for more than 20 years. She was denied access to the Senate floor yesterday because she requires the use of a guide dog as a result of a genetic condition which significantly impairs her vision.  Today, Mr. President and colleagues, I thank the majority and minority leaders as well as the chairman and ranking member of the Rules Committee for moving so expeditiously to ensure that this body extend equal opportunity to citizens who are visually impaired.  Today, a resolution was offered by the majority and minority leaders and referred to the Senate Rules Committee that seeks to permanently address this issue so that an individual with a visual impairment will not need to seek case-by-case approval just to use their talents on this Senate floor. I intend to work with Members on both sides of the aisle and with Ms. Shea to make certain that the U.S. Senate provides appropriate access to those citizens with disabilities and that the access complies with the spirit of the Americans with Disabilities Act.  It seems to me, Mr. President, that what the Senate is saying today is that a double standard will not be allowed here. In the private sector, for example, Federal law is very clear. In the private sector where you have an individual with Ms. Shea's talents and abilities, and if a guide dog or a white cane is needed to carry out those duties in the private sector, Ms. Shea would have a legal right to have that guide dog with her.  Now, I close by thanking several of our colleagues for their help in rectifying this situation. I particularly thank Senator Reid of Nevada, the lead cosponsor of my resolution, as well as chairman Frank Murkowski for his support yesterday. In addition, Senators Wellstone and Bryan and, in fact, all Members of the Senate whowere on the floor yesterday during discussion of this issue moved to be cosponsors of this legislation. I thank Senator Ford who also, for years, has worked for the rights of the disabled. Finally, I thank our Sergeant at Arms, Mr. Greg Casey. He has been extraordinarily patient and conscientious in working with myself and our staff. I thank him for helping to bring justice to the floor of the Senate.  Mr. President, the U.S. Senate has done the right thing today by standing up for full legal rights and equal opportunity for those like Ms. Shea who have a visual impairment. The Senate is sending a message across this country that we are not going to leave our citizens behind. I am very proud that the Senate has taken this action. I yield the floor.  