President, this effort that Senator Grassley and I have pursued for many months has been endorsed by a number of groups that are seeking to try to make the U.S. Senate more open in the way it conducts its business. Common Cause, for example, is an organization that has sought to have public disclosure of this particular procedure.  What we are talking about here is if a Member of the U.S. Senate is going to exercise this extraordinary, unilateral power, there should be sunshine; sunshine, we all know, is the very best disinfectant. It is an opportunity for all Members of the U.S. Senate to have a chance to be part of the debate because at least they will know who they are debating with. What is the most ironic part of the use of the hold is that the Senate, in which every Member takes pride, an institution to foster debate about important issues, doesn't in many instances allow for a Member of the U.S. Senate to even know who they are debating with because one Member of the Senate has anonymously blocked the issue. So let me be clear with respect to what this legislation does. This applies to a Senator who is digging in and making it clear that they object to a measure or a nomination.  This is not an individual who perhaps needs to know when an amendment is coming up, or perhaps have an opportunity to come over to the Senate floor to speak on a measure or matter. That is not what is being discussed here. What is being discussed here is making sure that when there is a full court press to oppose a bill or a nomination that that kind of opposition be brought to light.  We had some recent experience with how influential polls can be. For example, we saw that in the last Congress, to quote USA Today on the matter, ``A skulk of faceless Senators is using a series of parliamentary holds to dry gulch legislation extending health insurance to millions of Americans.''  That wasn't 20 years ago. That wasn't 30 years ago. That was an anonymous hold that was used to influence an important piece of health care legislation in the last session of the U.S. Congress. The fact is, Mr. President, that this procedure, which was once a matter of common courtesy, is now so widely used that it has become one of the most frequent ways to prevent any public disclosure of Senate business.  I hope that as we look to these last few days of this session--I bring this to the floor now because I believe that the abuse of the hold is most likely during these last few days of the session--that we take this opportunity to make the U.S. Senate more open and more accountable.  Right now, if a Senator seeks to personally block a measure or matter, there is no cost to them. They face no disapproval because no one would know who they were disapproving of. The fact is that this is a process and a power, an enormous power, held by the U.S. Senate that is exercised in the dark. It seems to me that it carries the odor of back room deals, abuse of privilege, and a body that cares more about individual personal desires than those of the American people.  This isn't cutting off the right of any Member of the U.S. Senate. Every Senator can still filibuster. Every Senator can still exercise their rights with respect to a motion to proceed. It simply says that it has to be done publicly.  Let me also say that it has been the experience of Senator Grassley and myself that you can do this, and, as Senator Grassley has told me, it doesn't hurt. For example, just a week ago Senator Smith and I felt strongly, on a bipartisan basis, about issues with respect to a C-130 crash that carried Oregonians who were reservists. At that time, because we were seeking answers from the military and given the fact that the appointment of the new head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was forthcoming, I put a hold on that nomination for a brief period of time. I made it clear on the floor and in other forums that I was the Member of the Senate who did it. I published it in the Congressional Record, just as my amendment calls for.  So, during that period, there was, over a short few days, an effort to have a public discussion about this matter. There were also bipartisan discussions with Senator Thurmond and Senator McCain, and others were extremely helpful in the efforts that Senator Smith and I made on this matter. And early the next week the hold that I had, which was public, I lifted. The needs of my constituents were addressed, and the American people saw a good man--a good man--General Shelton, confirmed to head the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  So, Mr. President, what we have done, Senator Grassley and I, is we have practiced what we preach. We don't believe that it abridges our rights in any way. All we are saying is that there is no reasonable place for protracted ongoing anonymous delay. That is what we think is wrong. There is no place, as the New York Times recently said, for ``the hold as currently practiced.''  So I am not suggesting today, Mr. President and colleagues, that the hold be abolished. I am not suggesting that the filibuster be changed in any way. I am not suggesting that on the motion to proceed there be any change. All I am saying is when a hold is put on a matter so that a Senator digs in to personally effectively block the consideration of a measure or a matter, that within 2 days of that time they notify party leadership that they are the individual seeking to prevent consideration of that measure or matter on the floor of the U.S. Senate, and that they just put a little notice in the Congressional Record. No big procedure, no hassle, just a notice, just a notice identifying that Senator as the Senator who has put a hold on a measure or matter.  Mr. President, my guess is that if my amendment passes, there may be a variety of ways that Senators may still seek to vitiate the spirit of what Senator Grassley and I are seeking to do. But I do think that passage of this amendment will put the U.S. Senate on record. We will be on record for sunshine. We will be on record as being opposed to secrecy, and especially we will be taking steps so that at this time of the session as the session moves into the last few weeks when history showsthat you are most likely to have abuses of the hold, we will have shown that we are willing to make changes that hold the U.S. Senate and each Member here publicly accountable for their actions.  Mr. President, none of us got here easily. Like many other Senators, my campaign and my election was something of a trial by fire. No Member of this body lacks fortitude. I think we can stand some extra added light. I think we can stand some extra added sunshine. I think that we can take the secrecy out of the hold procedure and still make sure that each and every Senator is able to exercise their rights and protect their constituents.  I believe that the passage of this amendment, at a time when millions of Americans are especially cynical and skeptical about Government, will cause citizens to say that the Senate is doing the right thing, and we will see constituents have a bit more respect for this body as a result of Senators being willing to be held publicly accountable. This amendment is not about getting rid of the hold. It is not about doing anything to a hold other than saying that a Senator has to be publicly accountable when that one Senator effectively moves to block the consideration of a bill or a nomination.  Mr. President, I have not been here as long as some, but I read the statements of Senators who have been here for quite some time--Senator Glenn, who called it deplorable; Senator Thurmond, who said that there has been an abuse; Senator Hatch, who said that every Senator has been victimized by it; and, Senator Leahy, who went far far farther than anything I would be talking about. He said there shouldn't be any holds at all.  In fact, in my conversations with Senators, I have been told that some Senators find this procedure so abhorrent that they will not exercise it at all, and they are especially frustrated by their colleagues who do.  So, in closing, Mr. President, let me go back to just how great the abuse is.  It is one thing if Chairman Faircloth or Senator Boxer or another Member of U.S. Senate puts a hold on a matter. All of the Senators are directly responsible to their constituents. What I found is a lot of Senators didn't even know that a hold had been placed on a bill in their name.  One senior Member of the U.S. Senate came to me last session, and said, ``I am for your bill. I think it is a good idea. We need some public disclosure of these holds. And the reason I am for it is a few minutes ago a Senator came up to me and said, `Why do you have a hold on my bill?' And the person who was sympathetic to what I have been trying to do said, `I don't have a hold on your bill.' '' It turned out that a staff person had done it in their name.  So what we have is a situation where not just are holds by Senators kept anonymous and kept confidential, but now we have staff that doesn't have an election certificate putting holds on these matters as well.  The hold started out many years ago. I gather from historians that it is well over 100 years old. It started out as a matter of common courtesy. It was something that Senators did to accommodate each other to make sure that an individual could be present to speak on an amendment, to ensure that they would have an opportunity to be heard if they had some sort of glitch in their time schedule. That is not what this amendment addresses. That is not what this amendment addresses at all.  This amendment is about ensuring that when a U.S. Senator uses all of their power, every bit of their power, to block a measure or a nomination, and they exercise those extraordinary rights that each of us has, that it be accompanied by a responsibility to the American people. That responsibility to the American people is to tell them, tell your constituents, when you exercise this extraordinary power that you are the one who did it. You are the one who blocked a bill or a nomination.  Let's bring some sunshine here.  I will tell leadership--let me say that Senator Daschle and Senator Lott have talked with me about this. Both of them have been very gracious. Senator Daschle indicated that he is in support of this. I believe that what I am proposing in this amendment complements the useful changes that Senator Lott, the majority leader, made this January.  The majority leader, Senator Lott, implemented a number of changes that I think are constructive, but they still allow for the secrecy. They still allow for one Senator to effectively block consideration of a measure or matter.  I gather that the vote on this amendment will be tomorrow.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent at this time to be able, prior to the vote tomorrow, to speak on this amendment again for up to 10 minutes, to be able to ensure that Senators prior to the vote----  