President, I rise today in support of the Iran Missile Proliferation Act of 1997, introduced by Senators Lieberman and Lott. This legislation is critically needed because of dangerous recent developments in the Middle East, namely disturbing reports that indicate Iran is acquiring terrifying weapons of mass destruction at an alarming pace.  Iran has become the most serious threat to stability in the Middle East and is rapidly developing the means to strike Israel. Very recently, Israeli and American intelligence have discovered that, due largely to technology obtained from Russia, Iran may soon have the capability to begin assembling and testing ballistic missiles capable of reaching Israel and other vital targets in the Middle East.  Russian companies are providing Iran with crucial technologies, including wind tunnels for the design of missiles, lasers, and special materials for missile construction. There are even reports of over 9,000 Russian advisers working in Iran on a variety of military projects, and Iran earlier this year tested a Soviet-designed rocket engine.  Iran, one of America's foremost self-proclaimed enemies, has been linked to numerous anti-Israel terrorist attacks ranging from taking hostages and hijacking airlines to carrying out assassinations and bombings. These incidents include the taking of more than 30 Western hostages in Lebanon from 1984 through 1992, the bombings of the United States Embassy and the French-United States Marine barracks in Beirut in 1983 and the Buenos Aires terrorist attacks on the Israeli Embassy in 1992 and on the Argentine Jewish communal building in 1994. An Iranian ballistic missile capability would have enormous strategic repercussions for the Persian Gulf and the Middle East. Iran possesses chemical weapons, and quite possibly could be only a few years away from acquiring nuclear weapons.  Clearly, the United States must adopt a stronger approach toward Russia. To its credit, the administration has tried every diplomatic effort with Russia. Vice President Gore and other senior officials have addressed this issue at the most senior levels of the Russian Government, including with President Yeltsin and Prime Minister Chernomydrin, but these efforts have met with little success. Further discussions are set for November, however, and I believe Congress must act now to enact a more forceful policy which will ensure Russian cooperation.  The Lott-Lieberman legislation requires the President to submit a report to Congress 30 days after enactment, providing a list of the entities that have been implicated in the transfer or attempted transfer of goods, technology, or technical assistance that has contributed to Iran's efforts to acquire, develop, or produce ballistic missiles. Highly targeted sanctions will be imposed on these entities 30 days after the submission of the report, unless the President waives them under limited circumstances.  I urge my colleagues to support this vital measure which takes concrete steps to halt the spread of ballistic missile technology to Iran and to preserve peace and stability in the Middle East.  