President, as I have said, I intend to come to the Senate floor each day this week part of an effort to help build bipartisan support in this body for Medicare reform.  Not via an independent commission. Not in the next Congress. But now, and by us, the Members of the 105th Congress.  I think we have an historic opportunity to transform Medicare from a 30-year-old, tin-Lizzie style social welfare program into a 21st century, comprehensive seniors health care system that is humane, cost-efficient and sustainable.  The reformed Medicare Program I envision, and which I think is within our grasp, is a health plan that is about choice, quality and access, and also about the efficiencies that characterize much of the Nation's private health care marketplace.  But changing Medicare will require tough decisions, tough votes and, as in turning a battleship in mid-ocean, a good deal of time and patience on the part of beneficiaries and health care providers.  We must start by making the right moves, the right changes, today, before some 75 million baby boom generation retirees begin swamping the Medicare Program in 2013.  In my private conversations with colleagues, I've been arguing that this is the classic pay-me-now, or pay-me-later situation. Structural changes enacted in the next year or two will not be easy. But in the face of what Congress would have to overcome beginning early in the next century, these changes will seem like child's play.  Medicare's problems are a snowball rolling down hill, picking up speed and mass on almost a daily basis. Now is the time to slow-down that snowball, if not stop it because in a few more years the program will be crushed by its weight.  Each year without structural reform makes the task that much harder, and the risk to balanced Federal budgets that much more significant.  And assigning the task to a bipartisan commission without first doing our best to solve Medicare's problems is a retreat not just from our responsibility, but from opportunity as well. I think there's a fervent desire among my colleagues to try to fix Medicare in the current Congress.  I think we gain little by assigning that job in the first instance to a bi-partisan committee, only to have to try to make tough votes on their recommendations in 1998, an election year for those who need to be reminded.  The path to reform is not easy. Fortunately, however, there are sign posts and trail markers along the way, offering meaningful models for changes and reform.  I think we see these possibilities for a 21st century Medicare program in systems as diverse as the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program, which serves many Members of this body, to the Medicaid Program which now operates in my home state of Oregon under a special Federal waiver.  The Federal Employees Health Benefits Program offers its enrollees a portfolio of plans, each one with somewhat different services offerings. Consumers are helped to make appropriate, independent choices because the managers of FEHBP pay attention to the details, including the way plans develop written explanations presenting what individual policies will or won't do.  Further, those policies are then inspected and reviewed on performance, and FEHBP beneficiaries are then given what amounts to report card grades on many of the important care provisions so that average consumers can sit down at their kitchen tables and make plan-against-plan comparisons when they choose their coverage.  Finally, FEHBP smart-shopper managers negotiate high-quality service at competitive rates for enrollees. These government managers work with their plans on a continuous basis to upgrade the quality and range of services offered by the plans while keeping premium rates at lowest possible levels. At the same time, these managers work to diminish risk selection by the plans, so that older FEHBP members, or persons with disabilities or chronic conditions aren't eliminated from coverage when they want to enroll.  In recent years, average FEHBP plan premium increases have stayed below 3 percent per year, per enrollee, while the Medicare Program has ballooned to average annual increases of almost 9 percent during the same period.  Oregon's ground-breaking Medicaid plan also helps mark our way toward an improved national Medicare system.  In Oregon, we've expanded the traditional Medicaid Program to cover not only the federally qualified participants but also tens of thousands of working poor Oregonians who can't afford private insurance, but whose incomes would disqualify them for traditional Medicaid.  The result has been a tremendous reduction across the State in unreimbursed hospital charity care, more preventative medicine for youngsters and young mothers, and a per capita Medicaid cost rate that is 10 percent below the national average.  More care.  Less cost.  Efficient, preventative services that keep children and adults out of the hospital.  Managed care has played a dominant role in this success story, as it has in Oregon's Medicare experience.  Oregon's Medicare-qualified seniors have the highest penetration rate in the Nation in coordinated care. In Portland, nearly 60 percent of the Medicare beneficiaries are in managed care.  And in this, the State's highest reimbursed city for Medicare beneficiaries, the per capita rate is still 60 to 80 dollars below the national average for Medicare.  I suggest that we may be doing some things right, out West and in the FEHBP program. And sad to say, these good things we see happening in Medicaid and Medicare are almost in spite ofa Federal regulatory structure that hamstrings Medicare and Medicaid in terms of increasing both efficiency and quality, and expanding enrollment to the uninsured and under-insured.  This is a problem that is recognized even within the bowels of the Medicare management structure.  Mr. President, I was heartened to see the comments of my good friend Dr. Bruce Vladeck in the trade press last week. Specifically, Bruce acknowledged that there is a tremendous backlog of needed statutory changes required to bring Medicare up-to-date.  Gail Wilensky of Project Hope, puts it even more succinctly:       In sum, the present structure of Medicare hardly makes it      surprising that it is facing financial problems. The elderly      have limited options in the health care plans available to      them. Medicare pays most of the costs for services it covers      and almost all of the elderly have coverage that is      supplemental to Medicare, either privately purchased Medigap      or Medicaid.       That means there is little reason for an elderly person to      seek out cost-effective physicians or hospitals, or to use      lower cost durable medical equipment, laboratories or      outpatient hospitals.  Dr. Wilensky goes on to say that there is little reason for practitioners to provide cost effective care ``if there is any medical gain to be had from providing services and some reason to fear legal repercussions if they do less than they might have done and the patient has an adverse outcome.'':  And because payments to capitated plans now follow payments for local fee-for-service Medicare, Medicare HMO's in many high-cost counties are extravagantly over-paid, while in low-pay counties plans and HMO enrollment languish because of under-reimbursement.  We throw money at fat health plans in big counties, while we starve the system of both choice and access--and I would argue quite probably quality as well--in counties where the payments are below the national average.  This current state-of-affairs is precisely antagonistic to our goal.  Let me postulate that it is nuts to reimburse Medicare HMO's in high-cost counties at the same level, more or less, of the highest-cost fee-for-service practitioners in those counties. That fact alone is one of the big reasons why, quite rightly, the administration has argued that we have a general HMO over-payment problem.  But the administration's argument that every HMO should be cut, however, to cure that problem is like saying amputation is an appropriate treatment for bunions.  Holy Dr. Kildare. In any other economic model or sector, a proposition like our current average adjusted per capita cost [AAPCC] formula would seem nuts. But that's the way it works in our creaking, inefficient and decidedly consumer unfriendly Medicare system.  Clearly, we must provide incentives for beneficiaries to choose just the cost-effective health care they need, and to demand that physicians, hospitals and other providers limit practice to cost-effective medicine.  This can be done while preserving the Medicare guarantee of a basic, good quality package of health services to every eligible senior, no matter what their health status or income level.  Here are components of a new Medicare system that provides both choice and quality, with cost efficiency:  First, radically reform the formula by which we determine how Medicare managed care programs are paid so that reimbursements are geared to the actual costs of managed care among elderly populations in a particular county, or region, rather than the local cost of fee-for-service medicine.  At the same time, scale-back payment increases in our high-reimbursement counties, and accelerate payments in the low-reimbursement counties where, because payments have been too thin, beneficiaries have only fee-for-service Medicare to choose from.  In other words, give millions of disenfranchised Medicare beneficiaries a real choice.  Second, require Medicare managers organize open bidding between plans in high-pay counties where profit margins are exorbitantly high.  Make the plans that are currently, hugely over-paid bid against one another, on price, for Medicare beneficiaries in those counties.  I believe such competitions should take place in every county where the average adjusted per capita cost--the AAPCC--is 120 percent of the national average.  In sum, make adjustments in the HMO payment formula that decrease reimbursements in counties that we know are substantially over-compensated; increase payments in counties that are so under-compensated as to discourage HMO entry and competition; and resist proposals to reduce all county payments, alike, from 95 percent to 90 percent of the local AAPCC rate--a crude tool that will hurt the cost-efficient counties much more than the ``fat'' counties.  Mr. President, I believe that accelerating the growth of good quality managed care, such as we have in Oregon, can be a major factor in curing Medicare's financial ills. Changing this AAPCC formula in a way that makes sense--in a fashion that does not kill our efforts to bring Medicare into vast areas of this country where no choice but fee-for-service medicine exists for beneficiaries--must be a high priority piece of the solution.  Third, put our two fastest growing portions of Medicare--home health care and skilled nursing facility care--on a financial management diet.  That regimen is called prospective payment, and it means that in much the same way we control hospital costs we would create a schedule of daily maximum service costs for different aspects of care in each of these important areas.  In my bill, S. 386, the Medicare Modernization and Patient Protection Act, prospective payment provisions for home health and skilled nursing facilities would, together, save approximately $20 billion over 5 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office.  Eventually, but quickly, I think we ought to impose these kinds of financial management tools on other aspects of fee-for-service Medicare.  I see no reason why, as a matter of global budgeting, that practitioners in this field ought not be held to the same kind of case management that HMO's require as part of their plans.  One method might be to require all Medicare fee-for-service practitioners to join a Medicare-sponsored provider network, which has at its core a case management system that ensures all participating beneficiaries get the care and quality they need, but that practitioners and other providers don't over-bill or overprescribe.  This kind of PPO management would bring case gate-keeping into fee-for-service Medicare, ultimately producing reasonable price and cost controls in the system.  Fourth, require competitive bidding for durable medical equipment purchases and eliminate what Dr. Vladeck has termed the ``current silly inherent reasonableness'' process.  I know many of my colleagues may not have looked hard at this bit of Medicare arcana. But let me say that this is all about getting medical equipment paid for by the program at the lowest possible cost as determined by the market.  At the same time, we need to know more about what procedures and services work, and which don't, so that we can save money for the program and ensure that beneficiaries are getting optimum care.  The Health Care Financing Administration must be required to collect, analyze, and act on more of the available data, in this regard, and that admonition needs to be part of comprehensive Medicare reform.  Fifth, require HCFA to do local service-provider report cards for beneficiaries. This sort of qualitative analysis should extend both to HMO's and their practitioners, and to local fee-for-service doctors and other providers.  This needed reform would include authorizing the program to demand and collect all relevant data from Medicare participants.  Sixth, the program must move much more aggressively in establishing special plans and services for the sickest, frailest enrollees; these are the Medicare beneficiaries who are usually qualified for both health and income reasons to receive benefits from Medicaid as well.  These enrollees are the fastest growing group of Medicare beneficiaries, and the most expensive with costs to both programs amounting to about $100 billion per year.  Lack of systems to deal with the huge comprehensive care problems these folks face has resulted in the worst possible scenario; much money is wasted while many folks don't receive the type or quality of care they need.  Fortunately, there are a number of highly specialized programs called social HMO's or PACE programs, that provide coordinated care--using both Medicare and Medicaid bucks--for populations of these beneficiaries in less than two dozen communities. One of those programs, ElderCare at Providence Hospital in Portland, is up and running in my hometown, and it is serving these frail elderly at well below the national average cost for the so-called dual-eligibles.  Why don't we have more? HCFA currently requires each of these programs to apply on a waiver basis every time an individual community wants to start a social HMO or PACE program. This is expensive and time consuming, and it limits the reach of a very good, cost-effective system.  And again, something that takes about 5 minutes to start up in the private sector, takes about 5 years through the Federal Government.  For this group we must create greater access for highly specialized, dual-eligible programs by giving organizers clear and certain and uniform rules of entry through the Medicare Program; eliminate the so-called 50-50 rule, requiring 50 percent non-Medicare enrollment for any HMO serving Medicare beneficiaries, based on enhanced performance and quality standards; develop tougher restrictions on adverse risk selection making it harder for plans to deny enrollment to sicker, frailer beneficiaries; and set up a so-called outlier fund within Medicare, a special pool of cash fueled by reimbursement withholds from overpaid HMO's, to appropriately compensate plans that demonstrate they are serving sicker, more costly beneficiaries.  Seventh, reform our Medicare supplemental insurance laws--the Medigap regulations--to guarantee that every Medicare beneficiary can enroll in a Medigap program at any time. I believe this change is crucial to encouraging more seniors to try HMO's, knowing that if they decide they must return to fee-for-service medicine they will be able to get back into Medigap coverage.  About a dozen States, including my home State of Oregon, already require guaranteed-issue. The Medigap market has not been destroyed in those States. There must be a universal Federal standard protecting beneficiaries.  Eighth, ensure better treatment and more appropriate treatment for Medicare beneficiaries by capturing the service and efficiency offered by telecommunications technology.  An important aspect of this is expanding the terms and conditions under which Medicare will pay for services via the fiber-optic lifeline, and working with both the Federal Government and the States to knock down anticompetitive licensure practices and restrictions that hamper the ability of physicians and other practitioners to practice via this new technology.  I can tell my colleagues that Oregon, like much of the west, is looking hard at telemedicine as a way of getting better quality medicine to folks who live way out in the country; and there are lots of places falling under that definition, west of the Mississippi.  Medicare needs to help in that effort, not build walls against 21st-century medicine.  Ninth, Medicare must unleash the quality and efficiency promised by a rapidly growing cadre of alternative health care providers.  The program can save money and deliver to beneficiaries better, more targeted services by identifying and incorporating appropriate assignments for nurse practitioners, PA's, druggists, chiropractors, and other licensed professionals within the health care network.  Mr. President, these nine items are not the whole solution to modernizing Medicare. But I do believe that together, they represent an appropriate jumping off position for real Medicare reform that can be accomplished in this Congress.  I know colleagues from both sides of the aisle will be talking about their own ideas in the weeks and months to come. I urge them, I urge all of us, to move these issues through the congressional process beginning this year rather than expect a bipartisan commission to cure Medicare's problems for us.  Mr. President, tomorrow, I will go on to talk about other fundamental principles of Medicare reform.  I yield the floor.  