President, I rise today to take a few minutes to discuss the effort here in the Senate to eliminate the secrecy with which the Senate so often conducts business. Through a procedure that certainly isn't known to most Americans, it is possible for one U.S. Senator to unilaterally block this Senate from considering a piece of legislation or a nomination. This process is known as a hold. Certainly as we have seen in the last few days, a hold is an extraordinary power in the last few hours of a session in the U.S. Senate. In fact, it is fair to say in the last few hours of a session, a hold is essentially unbeatable.  Now, originally a hold was intended as a courtesy to a Senator. If the Senator couldn't be present at a particular time--there was an illness in the family, this sort of thing--they could put a hold on a measure or nomination, and that way, as a courtesy, the Senate would make sure it was brought up shortly thereafter when that Senator could be there.  But what has happened over the years is that the hold has been abused. At one point here fairly recently there were more than 40 holds on individuals, nominees, pieces of legislation, and it was all done in secret--all of it. At a time when the American people are so skeptical of the way business is done in Washington, DC, and so often understandably skeptical, the secret hold, the unilateral power of one Senator to block a bill or nomination and do it allin secret is something that is being abused, and abused especially at the end of a session of the U.S. Senate.  Senator Grassley and I, on a bipartisan basis, have tried to eliminate the secrecy that surrounds these holds. We have said we are not quarreling with the proposition of a Member of the U.S. Senate to have this extraordinary power. Members of the Senate, under all other circumstances, are accountable to their constituents. But in this case they aren't accountable because they can exercise this power in secret.  Senator Grassley and I offered what we don't think is exactly a radical idea, which is that when a Senator uses this power, it would be publicly disclosed. We said if a Senator uses this power, they should have to disclose the use of that hold in the Congressional Record within 48 hours of exercising their hold. That way, the U.S. Senate would know who is exercising this power, the American people would know who is exercising this power. If a Member of the U.S. Senate is doing the bidding of a powerful set of interests, it would be possible for everybody to know what exactly was taking place. So Senator Grassley and I were able in the last weeks of the session to attach an anti-Senate-secrecy amendment so that when the use of the hold is applied, the American people would know who was blocking this body from considering a bill or nomination.  Now, as I understand it, there are discussions underway, in effect behind closed doors, behind closed doors without public debate, there is discussion of dropping an effort to end Senate secrecy. I will tell you, that doesn't pass the smell test. Killing a plan to end Senate secrecy behind closed doors isn't the way this body ought to be doing business. Certainly what we have seen in the last few weeks since Senator Grassley and I prevailed on our proposal here in the Senate to end secrecy, is that there has been an explosive proliferation of the use of holds once again. There are countless bills and nominations that certainly deserve consideration. You can argue whether they deserve majority support, but they certainly deserve open debate, and they can't be brought to this floor because one Senator has secretly said no. One Senator has secretly said, ``No, I will not allow discussion'' of that particular topic.  The irony of all of this, Mr. President, is that often even Senators don't know when a hold has been placed in their name. I have had a number of Senators tell me since I've come to the Senate that they have been approached about holds. They were told they had a hold on a measure. It turned out the staff had put a hold on it without their even knowing about it. So it is one thing for an elected official, a Member of the U.S. Senate with an election certificate to exercise this extraordinary power; it is quite another to have those who are not elected exercise it. It highlights, again, how much this process has been abused of late.  I thought that the minority leader, Senator Daschle, captured the spirit of this situation the other day in his morning briefing with the press. Amid what reads on the transcript like pretty raucous laughter, the minority leader walked reporters through the variety of holds that there were on dozens of nominees at that time. In fact, he said, ``If you don't have a hold, you ought to feel lonesome.'' The minority leader was pressed by reporters about who might be placing some of the holds, but the minority leader said he didn't know who was placing these holds. Some have said eventually you can find out who is exercising the hold. But I can tell my colleagues here in the U.S. Senate that even the minority leader is on record as saying he doesn't know who is placing these secret holds.  This secrecy, in my view, Mr. President, is not in keeping with the proud traditions of the U.S. Senate, and it is not in keeping with the fundamental spirit of openness and accountability that is at the heart of our democratic process. I sought to serve in the U.S. Senate because I wanted to be in a position to influence policy on issues that are important to Oregonians and the people of this country. I value the extraordinary opportunity that I have been given by my constituents to serve and to use the power that they have given me on behalf of them and the American people. But it is time to say that power must be accompanied by responsibility. That responsibility is to be straight with the American people, to tell them about the actions and the policies that they are taking. It certainly is not in line with the spirit of openness and accountability for the American people to allow one Senator in secret to unilaterally block from this floor even the consideration of a bill or nomination.  I am one who simply feels that public business ought to be done in public. Some might think that is a little bit quaint at this time in American history. But I think it is time to bring some sunshine to the process for debating these issues. I am very proud and very grateful that Senator Grassley has joined me in this effort. I think it is very unfortunate that there appears now to be an effort behind closed doors to kill our proposal to end Senate secrecy. That will be unfortunate if it takes place. If it takes place, I want every Member of the U.S. Senate to know that Senator Grassley and I will be back on this floor pressing the case again.  It's not going to threaten the deliberative approach that this body rightly takes to consideration of issues, to have openness and accountability in the way that the Senate does business. Senator Grassley and I aren't saying get rid of the hold; we are not saying the hold ought to be abolished and a power that a Senator now has be diminished. We are simply saying that power should be accompanied by responsibility. Rights should be accompanied by responsibility.  Now, I was very gratified when the proposal Senator Grassley and I offered in the U.S. Senate was approved by this body. I have been appreciative of the fact that the Senate majority leader, Trent Lott, has been willing to work with me on this matter and has indicated that he certainly doesn't want to see Senate secrecy and see important decisions made without accountability. And I felt that the Senate was moving in the right direction when, initially, our proposal was voted on, and favorably so, by the U.S. Senate.  But I am concerned that the bill that will come before the Senate, the D.C. appropriations bill, will not contain the legislation that Senator Grassley and I offered to end Senate secrecy. I am concerned that our proposal may just disappear behind closed doors, without any public debate, without any explanation at all, and that our proposal may be put aside with the very secrecy that we sought to end.  So I tell my colleagues, Mr. President, that this fight is not going to end today. The D.C. appropriations bill is an important part of the Senate's work and it needs to be completed. But this Senator wants to be clear that we will be back, and we will be back, in my view, with even more support from the American people, given the fact that, in recent weeks, there were more than 40 holds--40 holds--on nominees and individual pieces of legislation, and even the Senate minority leader could not tell the American people who was exercising those holds.  Mr. President, it's time for additional openness and accountability in the U.S. Senate. In my view, continuing these secret practices cheapens the currency of democracy. The Senate can maintain its proud traditions with having openness and accountability, and each Member of the U.S. Senate will still be able to fight for their constituents and do the work they were sent here to do.  So I am still hopeful that the D.C. appropriations bill, when it comes back, will contain the legislation that Senator Grassley and I authored to end the secrecy in the way business is done in the Senate. But if it's not, if our provision is not, I want to assure the Members of the U.S. Senate that we will be back, we will be back on a bipartisan basis. I don't believe it's possible for any Senator, at a town hall meeting in their home State, to justify these secret holds. I don't think it passes the smell test. I think it's wrong. If we don't prevail on it today, Mr. President, we will be back.  I yield the floor.  