President, as I indicated yesterday, I intend to come to the Senate floor each day this week as part of an effort to build bipartisan support in the Senate for Medicare reform. It is very clear to me that there is a rare window of opportunity now for the Senate to act on this issue, a window, an opportunity I think would be a serious mistake to not exploit.  We know that the Federal deficit is a bit lower than was anticipated this year, in the vicinity of $108 billion. We are seeing that there is a fairly benign economic environment. Certainly, there are still folks hurting in our country, but, overall, the economy has been positive. We know that we are a few years away from what I believe is sure to be a demographic earthquake, with many more older people in our country, and older people who need and deserve good quality health care.  Yesterday, I tried to outline what I thought were the central principles of comprehensive Medicare reform. Beginning today, Mr. President, I intend totry to outline some of the specific aspects of what Medicare reform ought to consist of and how to get this program on track for the 21st century so that it operates in a fashion that is good for both older people and for taxpayers.  Right now, in much of the United States, the Medicare Program is a 30-year-old, ``Tin Lizzy''-style operation that rewards waste and penalizes frugality. This is particularly unfortunate since the end result is that in communities like my own in Portland, OR, that hold down costs, the end result for all the heavy lifting is simply a smaller reimbursement check. I believe what we have today under the Medicare Program is a situation where because of the reimbursement of formula, a sleep-inducing, eye-glazing concept known as the average adjusted per capita cost, you have a situation where in much of the United States there are few, if any, choices for older people under Medicare because health plans are reluctant to come to those markets, or you have a situation where it is almost impossible for an older person to navigate the system simply because they cannot obtain understandable, coherent information about their Medicare choices.  Mr. President, it would be impossible for you to be able to see this chart, but I intend in the days ahead to blow this up because it makes my point with respect to how Medicare has made it difficult to have true competition like the competition that exists in the private sector for health care. This chart, which obviously is going to be difficult for you, Mr. President, and those who may be watching to see, involves a wall that has been set up in Los Angeles with all of the information that an older person has to go through in Los Angeles to make choices about choosing a health plan. It clearly illustrates, in my view, what we have seen with the Medicare Program over the last few years.  Because the reimbursement formula encourages waste and penalizes frugality, we will have, in many areas, few choices for Medicare, discouraging competition, or, as I have shown through this chart and picture developed by the General Accounting Office, you will have just a blizzard of information that older people find it very difficult to navigate and make sense out of, thereby making it hard for them to have real choice in their health system.  The irony, of course, is that every Member of the U.S. Senate knows what a competitive health system could look like, and a competitive health system that avoids the kind of problems I have just demonstrated with this chart from the General Accounting Office. Mr. President, 21st century Medicare could really be modeled around the very program that Members of the U.S. Senate participate in, known as the Federal employee health benefits plan. The Federal employee health benefits plan offers enrollees a portfolio of plans, each one with somewhat different service offerings. Consumers are helped to make appropriate, independent choices because the managers of the Federal employee plan pay attention to the details, including the way plans develop written explanations presenting what individual policies will or will not do.  So for Members of the U.S. Senate, it is possible to get understandable, coherent information about what is available for Senators and their families. But if you are an older person who wants to compare and shop for health care, you have to try to figure out how to make sense of this incomprehensible picture that I just showed, demonstrated by the General Accounting Office.  In addition, in the Federal employee health system, policies are inspected and reviewed on performance, and Federal employee plan participants are then given what amounts to report card grades on many of the important care provisions so that average consumers can sit down at their kitchen table and make plan-against-plan comparisons when they choose their coverage.  Again, the difference between what is available to older people in many parts of the United States for Medicare and what is available to those Federal employees and Members of the U.S. Senate is striking in its contrast. Members of the Senate and Federal employees are going to be in a position where they can make plan-against-plan comparisons so as to inject some competition in the system. Again, the General Accounting Office tells us that no such features exist in much of Medicare.  Finally, the Federal employee benefits managers look for high-quality service at competitive rates for employees. They work on a competitive basis to upgrade the quality and prices for the plan, while keeping premium rates at the lowest possible level. At the same time, these managers work to diminish risk selection by the plans, so that the older individuals who are part of the Federal employee plan, or persons with disabilities or chronic conditions, will not be eliminated from coverage when they want to enroll.  Again, we see an effort to deal with the central questions that face health care reform in America, making sure that people are in a position to compare their plans so that there is real competition, and to make sure that nobody is left behind just because they are older or they suffer from a chronic condition.  So, in addition to these very positive features, in recent years, average Federal employee health plan premium increases have stayed below 3 percent per year per enrollee, while the Medicare Program has seen average annual increases of almost 9 percent during the same period.  So, Mr. President, what we are seeing is that well-structured competition, like in the system that Members of the Senate belong to, can work. It can work for patients and consumers in making sure they have good quality care. It can work for taxpayers in that it holds costs down, and it, for all practical purposes, is very similar to the system that we have in my hometown of Portland, OR.  In my hometown, Portland, we have the highest percentage of older people in the Nation now participating in managed care. It is about 60 percent. Certainly, while not perfect, it avoids much of the set of problems that we have seen in other parts of the country. You don't see the gag clauses, for example, in our plan. And, hopefully, the U.S. Senate will pass the legislation this session that Senators Kyl, Kennedy and myself have introduced to make sure that, as we go to the 21st century, all patients understand their options and all of them know about the various services that are available. But we don't have those gag clauses in Portland, and we do have high-quality managed care, and we are able to do it for substantially less than much of the rest of the Medicare system. The per capita rate in my hometown, the per person rate for Medicare participants, is still $60 to $80 below the national average for Medicare.  One of the things that I hope the Senate will do, on a bipartisan basis, is lift these penalties against towns like my home community that have done the heavy lifting and have ended up being penalized for it. I think, on a bipartisan basis, the U.S. Senate should make changes in Medicare to lift the reimbursement for low-cost counties, particularly in rural communities, and by doing so, benefit both seniors and taxpayers. Seniors will benefit from having the opportunity to get good-quality health plans in their areas, and it will also bring real choice and real competition for the first time to those areas. The fact of the matter is, many of those communities haven't been able to unleash entrepreneurial and competitive forces into their health systems such as we have in the private sector, because Medicare isn't paying those low-cost communities a fair rate. I have made changes in that discriminatory reimbursement proposal in my Medicare reform plan, and I hope the U.S. Senate will accept that in this session.  I was pleased to see that, in the last week or so, the head of the Health Care Financing Administration, Dr. Vladeck, has indicated that there is a significant backlog of needed changes required to bring Medicare up to date. I hope that we will see more discussion of that in the days ahead. I felt that it was positive news to see those comments from the head of the Health Care Financing Administration.  Mr. President, finally, let me say that I think, in addition to promoting competition, using the model of the Federal employee health plan, it's time for Medicare to look to the Federal employee health plan and the private sector for ways to improve quality in our health system. Again, there is nothingpartisan about the agenda to improve health care quality, but this is an area where Medicare has also lagged, both in relation to Federal employees and the private sector. In other parts of our health system, it's possible, for example, to get good statistics on disenrollment, people leaving because they are not satisfied with the plan. It is possible to get information about providers who leave a system because they, too, feel it doesn't adequately address the needs of patients in providing good-quality health care.  In other parts of the health system, there are grievance procedures, and we know, for example, how long it takes people to get through a grievance procedure, or how long it takes to get a referral, or what happens when you are denied benefits. In each of these areas so central to providing quality health care in America, Medicare is lagging behind the Federal employee health system, and Medicare is lagging behind much of the private sector. In my legislation, we would change that. We would require that these critical measures of quality be made available through report cards and other measures. I emphasize that today, Mr. President, because I think that, as we look to the 21st century of Medicare, we have an opportunity over the next few years to redesign the system and try to get it on track for the next century when we will have many more older people depending on Medicare.  So the alternative is very clear: A bipartisan effort to bring competition and choice and a new focus on quality in the Medicare Program, or to continue business as usual and face what the General Accounting Office has told us will be a program that has simply run out of money when we hit the next century. I believe that, after years of bickering and partisanship on this issue, there is an opportunity now to address Medicare reform in a bipartisan way. Democrats have been right in the Senate to call on making sure that benefits are defined, that older people have guaranteed, secure benefits. Republicans have been correct, in my view, in calling for more competition and more choice in the system. Today, I have tried to talk about how that competition and choice exists in the program that Members of the Senate belong to and is also available in much of the private sector.  Mr. President, this issue is so important that in the next century I believe that the public is going to ask every Member of the U.S. Senate, ``What were you doing to try to get Medicare on track?'' This program isn't just an important part of the Federal budget. It is going to be the Federal budget for the next 15 or 20 years. So now is the time to act to get the program on track. I believe that this can be done in a bipartisan way.  