President, and colleagues, last November our Nation was shocked by the terrible news that an Air Force Reserve C-130 had crashed off the California coast, killing 10 Oregon reservists. All of the people of our State grieved and rallied to the support of the surviving family members, providing what comfort could be offered at a time of tragedy.  Mr. President, when these tragedies occur, the first question must be: What can be done for the families of the victims, and how can it be possible to make sure that these tragedies do not happen in the future to the sons and daughters of other Americans?  What we found in our situation is that the Air Force, when they stepped in, was able to offer only limited assistance to the families. The families had extreme difficulty in learning even the most basic facts about the crash and about the subsequent investigation.  How would you feel if anxiously awaiting the news you were to first learn important details from television news stories? This is what happened in our home State of Oregon. And it is completely unacceptable.  What our amendment does, Mr. President, is really two things.  It directs the Federal Government to look into the question of using a different notification process for informing the families in these tragedies.  As a member of the aviation committee here in the Senate, I have seen that there have been improvements in terms of dealing with these tragedies on the civilian side. And I believe it is time to bring more accountability, more compassion, and more openness in terms of how the families are notified in the instance of tragedies such as the C-130 that took the lives of our constituents.  So the first part of our amendment directs the Federal Government to looking into using the process used on the civilian side with respect to these crashes such as we had in Oregon.  The second part of our amendment directs the Federal Government to look into the way investigations of these accidents are followed up on.  Right now, there is a dual-track system. There is one top secret investigation of a crash that cannot be seen. There is another separate investigation for public dissemination. And I am of the view that given what has come to light about the C-130 in the last few weeks, that this dual-track investigation, this dual-track process is eroding public confidence in our system of handling these inquiries.  I believe that it is time to look at this in a comprehensive way, to lift the cloak of secrecy with respect to these investigations, unless it involves national security.  Under the second part of the amendment that Senator Smith and I offer together here today, there would be an effort to look into ending the dual-track system. Right now, the dual-track system, given all that has come to light about similar problems in the last few weeks, in my view erodes public confidence, and it is time for the Federal Government to look at a different kind of system and, in my view, lift the cloak of secrecy unless an investigation does involve national security.  Mr. President, I want to thank the managers of the legislation, particularly the chairman of the committee, Senator Thurmond, and the ranking Democrat, Senator Levin. They have been extremely helpful to Senator Smith and I in going forward on this matter. The people of our State are grieving about this, and they want answers. We thank them.  I yield the remainder of my time to Senator Smith, who has been working with me on this. We have pursued this every step of the way on a bipartisan basis. I yield to my colleague.  