President, I thank the Senator from New Mexico, and want him to know I very much appreciate the chance to join him and Senator Ashcroft on this bipartisan bill.  Mr. President, I say to my colleagues, it is very clear that the juvenile justice system today in our country is very much like a revolving door. A young person can commit a violent crime, a series of violent crimes, be apprehended, visit the juvenile justice system--and that is really an appropriate characterization--and be back on the street virtually immediately. In fact, in our newspaper, the Oregonian, it was recently reported that a child committed 52 crimes, 32 of which were felonies, before the juvenile justice system took action to protect the community.  I felt--and I think this is the focus of the legislation that the Senator from New Mexico, the Senator from Missouri and I bring to the floor today--that there should be three principles for the new juvenile justice system for the 21st century.  The first ought to be community protection; the second should be accountability; and the third should be restitution. The principle of accountability is especially important with young people. I even see it with my own small kids, a 7-year-old and a 13-year-old. If they act up, there needs to be some consequences.  I am particularly pleased that the legislation the Senator from New Mexico brings to the floor today puts a special focus on trying to deal with offenses perpetrated by young people that have not yet risen to that level of violent crime and, in effect, try to send a message to young people that there will be consequences.  The last point that I will make, because I know time is short and we have much to do today, is that this legislation is particularly important in such areas as recordkeeping. We have found across the country that it has not even been possible to keep tabs on the violent juveniles, because there are so many gaps in the recordkeeping in the States. Both the Senator from New Mexico and the Senator from Missouri have done yeoman work in this regard.  This is a balanced bill; it is a bipartisan bill. It moves to update the laws dealing with juveniles for the 21st century.  I thank my friend from New Mexico and the Senator from Missouri for allowing me to be part of this bipartisan coalition. They included a number of provisions that are important to our State in the drafting that went on in the last week. I thank the Senator from New Mexico.  