I also want to thank the majority leader for his courtesy.  This amendment involves one of the most awesome powers that a Member of the U.S. Senate has. That is the power to effectively block the consideration of a bill or nomination in secret.  Now, it is a power that I think many Americans are concerned about. I have made it very clear that I am not seeking to abolish the right of a Senator to put a hold on a measure or matter. But I do think that if an important health or environmental matter comes before the Senate, as the Kennedy-Kassebaum measure did in the last Congress, involving health care for millions of Americans, that there ought to be public disclosure, that there ought to be sunshine.  The majority leader, in my view, has made a number of constructive proposals in the past with respect to this procedure. I am particularly pleased that he sought in the beginning of this year, January 27, to limit Members from putting holds on blocks of legislation, in effect, blocking a whole package of legislation, from coming before the Senate. But we still have not been able to change the Senate rules to bring some sunshine in, to make sure that the American people can hold each one of us accountable.  There have been reports that when the Senate passes the Wyden-Grassley legislation to have public disclosure of holds in the U.S. Senate, this is just going to die in conference and it will just vanish in the vapor in secret. It is especially ironic that an effort to eliminate secrecy in the exercise of awesome powers of the U.S. Senate, that would somehow take place again in secret, but I am concerned that may happen. In fact, there is a report today in Roll Call, a Capitol Hill publication, that raises concern in my mind.  I briefly would like to engage the majority leader in a colloquy on this point. He and I have been talking about it for about a year and a half now, I think. As I said, I believe the majority leader has made a number of constructive changes already with respect to the hold procedure. I would like to have his thoughts at this time with respect to his views on public disclosure of holds, and specifically whether it will be possible on a bipartisan basis to work out this change and ensure that there is real accountability with the American people for important actions taken by Senators.  I yield to the majority leader.  