President, then in light of the time that the chairman of the Appropriations Committee has kindly yielded to me, I should like to take a few minutes to describe why I think this issue is so important.  Mr. President and colleagues, I spoke yesterday afternoon in this body on the need to end Senate secrecy. Within an hour of my talk, three of the most senior Members of the Senate came to me and said they hoped this amendment would prevail.  These three Members probably have an aggregate total of 60 years seniority in this body, and each of them told me that they had been frustrated by instances of this hide-and-seek process that the Senate now has with secret Senate holds.  Certainly most of the American people are not aware of what a hold is. But the fact of the matter is, it is now possible for any Member of the U.S. Senate to unilaterally block the consideration of a bill or nomination from coming to this floor. It is an extraordinary power. It keeps the U.S. Senate from even discussing a nomination or a particular bill. It is one thing to object to something, or plan to vote against something. But in the case of the secret Senate hold, one Member of the U.S. Senate, one Member, can block the consideration of a nomination or bill. And during these last days of a session, this power is not just extraordinary, it is essentially a veto. It is a power that is unbeatable.  I would just say to my colleagues that, as a new Member of the U.S. Senate, every day I am impressed by the greatness of this institution. And I don't think that the greatness of this institution will in any way be diminished if this body is open and accountable. I think that is why senior Members of the U.S. Senate have come to Senator Grassley and myself and said, ``I hope you prevail on this.''  We are not seeking to block the right of a Senator to impose a hold. Under what we have proposed, each Member of the U.S. Senate could still use the hold, block the consideration of a nomination or bill. All we are saying is that it cannot be done behind closed doors. This Senate secrecy doesn't smell right. It doesn't pass the smell test to the American people. What Senator Grassley and I have proposed is that within 48 hours after a Member of the Senate informs the leadership that he or she is going to put a hold on a bill, that be so noticed in the Congressional Record.  Recently there were more than 40 holds. Outside, much of the day, has been a group of people, outside the Chamber, simply trying to keep track of all the revolving holds, where a Senator imposes a hold for a short period of time and then, in effect, another Senator comes along and imposes a hold again. Outside the Chamber throughout this day there have been individuals trying to keep track of what is going on.  I would say to my colleagues, I subscribe to the not exactly radical notion that public business is done in public. The use of this hold in the last few days of a session is not just some small thing. It is an extraordinary power. It can affect millions of dollars. It can affect the course of the judiciary and other key executive branch appointments. I am very concerned that at a time when the public is so skeptical and so cynical about Government, that this use of the secret hold simply feeds that cynicism. It contributes to the sense that the American people have that so much in Washington, DC, is not on the level.  So, I am very grateful to Chairman Stevens for giving me this time to explain my point of view. Senator Grassley and I have indicated that we will be back. We will be back at the beginning of next session. I have tried for almost 15 months to get this issue before the U.S. Senate. The fact is, it is most abused right at this time, which is why we saw last week more than 40 holds. It was the subject of a hilarious press conference with the Senate minority leader, who said then that he couldn't figure out where all the holds were coming from.  So Senator Grassley and I are not going to prevail tonight. I think that is bad news for democracy. I think the secret hold cheapens the currency of democracy. But we will be back. We will be back until we make this institution more open and accountable.  Senator Stevens has been kind to give me all this time to explain my views. I appreciate that courtesy very much and I thank him for the time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Enzi). The Senator from Alaska.  