President, I want to congratulate those Members who have spent a good part of the last 2 days in search of a compromise on this question of how we make sure that these emergency efforts are not unreasonably hindered by compliance with the Endangered Species Act.  I have serious reservations about this compromise. This amendment includes a provision that seeks to clarify the phrase ``reasonable and prudent measures'' in the context of the Endangered Species Act. Reasonable and prudent measures are those things that the Fish and Wildlife Service or NMFS may require in order to protect fish and wildlife from the adverse effects of, in this case, a specific repair or reconstruction project.  The language directs that these measures be scaled to the scope and effect of the specific repair or reconstruction project. We are told by the amendment sponsors that their intent is to simply re-state existing law.  This raises two important procedural questions:  First, if the intent is simply to express a concept that is already in the law, then I see no reason to include it here.  Second, the question of how we define the scope of section 7 consultations under the ESA is a major issue in our work to reauthorize the Act. It strikes me as imprudent for the Senate to go on record on this question in this disaster supplemental, when at the same time the same issue is under intense negotiation in the Environment and Public Works Committee.  Having said that, there are several basic reasons to oppose the bill's existing provision allowing a broad exemption of all facilities with flood control functions from the requirements of the Endangered Species Act.  First, the financial resources that this legislation brings to bear on the extensive damages caused by this year's disastrous flooding are immediately threatened and unreasonably delayed by using the bill as a vehicle to broadly amend the Endangered Species Act. It seems clear to this Senator that the bill would be vetoed and we would be back to the drawing board in trying to direct Federal resources toward the people who have faced awesome difficulties in dealing with this year's flood waters.  Second, I firmly believe there is precious little support on either side of this issue for continuing to seek slam dunk, back door riders as a method of changing basic environmental laws. Reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act is already a complex and difficult chore, and we should set about that business within the regular committee process.  And third, I am convinced that this provision is a case of Washington trying to fix a problem that simply does not exist. Let me talk more about this third concern.  We have shown in Oregon--which has no shortage of endangered species issues--that we can get the dredges and cranes going quickly in response to the widespread damage we suffered in this extraordinary flood year. And we did it without sweeping aside the law.  We went down an almost identical road here in Congress in responding to last year's flooding. We provided emergency funding to address major problems, and that effort, I'm pleased to report, was successful. Since Oregon's 1996 floods, literally thousands of actions have been taken to repair flood damage and restore natural resources. These include more than 400 emergency projects of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, more than 150 projects of the BLM, and more than 350 Forest Service projects on the Mt. Hood National Forest alone. None of these has been stopped or significantly delayed by the Endangered Species Act or other environmental laws.  Oregon's experience once again is a model for the rest of the Nation. In fact, I'm told that it was Oregon's experience that has led to the much more efficient response to the floods in Idaho this year.  The record in my State is clear: when we need an emergency response to flood damage, we can do it efficiently under current statutory authority.  I want to talk for a moment about one example of our innovation--the cooperation with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service that ensured that these 1996 reconstruction projects went forward in a way that protects fisheries and aquatic resources. Early coordination with the Service led to the preparation of a manual that guided early project design work. We got the Service some extra money last year to put staff directly on the reconstruction projects. These efforts allowed the various agencies to essentially pre-approve various flood projects that may be funded by this year's supplemental flood response request.  The bottom line is, of course, that the process enabled the highest care to be taken in protection of fish and wildlife, but without delay to the projects.  Idaho has now benefitted from the Oregon experience. Already this year, I'm told that the Natural Resources Conservation Service in Idaho has processed three times the volume of flood repair projects as were done in all of last year in that State.  Finally, I believe the interests of the American people are advanced best when we address major issues in their proper forum and context. All of us support an appropriate streamlining of the Endangered Species Act to ensure the efficient reconstruction and maintenance of critical river facilities damaged by this extraordinary flooding.  This is not the time to begin a major overhaul of the Endangered Species Act. This bill would waive Endangered Species Act compliance in a broad range of nonemergency situations, including the routine operation and maintenance of Federal flood control facilities--flood control being one of the many benefits provided by virtually every dam, levee, and dike along our rivers.  I cannot imagine that we now want to take a sledgehammer to the requirements that Federal river facilities comply with the act and operate in a manner that is as protective as possible of the various salmon species that are in real trouble in our region.  