President, in significant ways, the promotion of adoption, safety, and support for abused and neglected children represents an important step forward in Federal policy for child welfare. It parallels Oregon's best interest of the child bill in its recognition of the crucial importance of timely achievement of permanent family placements for children who must be temporarily placed in foster care. Further, it clarifies that a child's health and safety are paramount concerns in considerations of reasonable efforts for family preservation. The PASS Act also broadens support for adoptive placement, increases post-adoption assistance for families, and emphasises the link between the child's welfare and parent's well-being. Moreover, the bill's intense interest in kinship care is both wise and timely. I am particularly concerned about this complex issue and I have devoted a lot of attention to it over the past several years.  Kinship care, the full-time care and protection of children by a relative, is in many cultures, a time honored tradition. Throughout history relatives have come forward to care for and raise children when the parents were unable to do so themselves. Recently, the decision over whether relatives may best provide for children has increasingly involved child welfare agencies. Yet, Mr. President, our country does not have a national policy to deal with relative care arrangements. In light of this fact, the PASS Act makes significant strides toward recognizing relative care arrangements for what they are--legitimate, appropriate placements--for a family. There is a precedent for this recognition; last year I fought for language in the welfare reform bill requiring that kinship care be considered first for children needing placement.  I am pleased that many of the provisions I included in my kinship care bill, S. 822, were incorporated in the PASS Act. One such provision allows kinship providers an opportunity to be heard during abuse and neglect proceedings. I have heard from grandparents in Oregon who tell me that they can add additional information that may be helpful to the court's determination of the child's future living arrangements, but often are not aware of their grandchild's placement in foster care or where they are in the system. It is important that relative caregivers are notified when there are administrative proceedings on a child's status.  The inclusion of a kinship care advisory panel instructed to make recommendations about kinship care policies is also included in this bill. Thankfully, relative caregivers and former foster children in relative care arrangements will now be able to sit on a panel and examine what is needed to improve these arrangements for all involved. The panel's findings must be submitted in a comprehensive report to the Department of Health and Human Services. The report will examine who kinship caregivers are, what services are provided to them and many other factors that will help us develop a national policy on this growing child welfare issue.  Another critical provision in the bill deals with standby guardianship. Many relative caregivers are caring for families devastated by HIV/AIDS. In adoption or guardianship proceedings today, dying parents are asked to give up their custodial rights over their children in order to ensure a permanent, stable placement for their child. Under this bill, any parent who is chronically ill or near death may designate a standby guardian without being forced to surrender their parental rights. PASS encourages States who have not already passed standby guardianship laws to do so. As we seek to adequately support relative care providers caring for children, we must first ask educated questions and receive thorough answers. Ultimately, the PASS Act has made a good-faith effort to recognize and study the issue of kinship care. This is a good first step for children and families.  