President.  Mr. President, first, let me say to my good friend, Senator Domenici, the chairman of the Budget Committee, I just want him to know how much I have appreciated the chance to be a member of his committee. I think this is a historic occasion and a chance to work very closely with him on a variety of issues. Coming to the Senate has been a special pleasure.  I also want to commend our good friend, Senator Lautenberg of New Jersey, who in my view has done yeomen work in terms of keeping this whole effort together and keeping it bipartisan.  Mr. President, the balanced budget agreement that will be passed this week has been a long time in coming. I think our challenge is to now make sure that actually getting a balanced budget takes a shorter period of time.  I do believe that we are finally on the right track because this budget provides an opportunity for the Federal Government to get its fiscal house in order while still making a handful of extremely needed investments in the people of our country and in U.S. productivity.  Most importantly, I am of the view that this is a historic moment because it has been achieved by working together. If ever there was an issue that required bipartisan cooperation, this is it. It seems to me that this is an example of what can happen when you put down for just a few moments the political cudgel and focus on the needs of our country first.  Let me also say that I would like to make a special effort in the days ahead to address the Medicare provision of this legislation. In my view, in the 21st century, Medicare is not just going to be a part of the Federal budget; it is going to be the Federal budget. There is no program in America growing at the rate of Medicare. I think it is well understood that in the 21st century our country will be faced with a demographic tsunami. We are going to have upwards of 50 million baby boomers retiring, and it is quite clear that efforts must be made now to modernize Medicare and get this program ready for the 21st century.  I sought to begin those efforts by introducing S. 386, the Medicare Modernization and Patient Protection Act, in the spring. And the fundamental principle of that legislation was to make sure that Medicare began to introduce the kind of competition and choice and emphasis on quality for older people that is available in private sector health care.  What we are seeing in our country today is that Medicare has essentially been engaging in purchasing practices and management practices that the private sector threw in the attic years and years ago. In much of the United States, Medicare has been rewarding waste and penalizing efficiency, and we all saw that emphasized again this week when the Inspector General of the United States indicated that more than $20 billion is lost each year in the Medicare Program due to fraud and waste.  The issue of inefficiency and the rewards for waste that you see in the Medicare Program are particularly important to those I represent at home in Oregon. We have gone a long way to reinventing the health care system in our State, particularly in the metropolitan areas. We have competition. We have extensive choice for older people. We do not have the gag clauses in the managed care plans where physicians are restricted from telling older people about their options. We have done a lot to come up with a health plan for seniors that will be good for older people and taxpayers in the 21st century.  The reward to Oregon for doing the heavy lifting to reform Medicare over the last few years has been lower reimbursement collection. In effect, what the Federal Government told the people of Oregon over the last 10 years is you would have gotten higher reimbursement, you would have received higher payments, if you had gone about the process of offering wasteful, inefficient health care. And so what happens in much of my State, an older person, say, in the Klamath Valley will call their cousin or their sister in another part of the United States and ask them about their Medicare. And a senior in another part of the country where health care isn't provided so efficiently will say to the Oregonian, you know, my Medicare is great; I get prescription drugs for free; I get eyeglasses at a discount; I get all these extras that are not covered by Medicare.  Seniors in Oregon and other States where health services have been efficient say, I pay the same into Medicare as seniors in those States. Why don't I get the same benefits?  Medicare is a national program. Why shouldn't the senior in Oregon get thesame benefits as the senior in another State, which on top of everything else is offering care that is more costly and inefficient?  The reason for this bizarre situation is a very technical reimbursement system, an eye-glazing concept known as the average adjusted per capita cost. And the long and short of it is that it rewards waste, penalizes efficiency and in parts of the country like mine has meant that many of the health programs have difficulty even providing the basic benefits to older people let alone some of the additional benefits such as prescription drugs.  Under this legislation, because of exceptional bipartisan work--and here I want to particularly commend Senator Grassley of Iowa, the chairman of our Aging Committee, who has worked very closely with me, for his perseverance in correcting this inequity. As a result of the work of our bipartisan coalition, this reimbursement system is going to change. We will see all counties in our country get a minimum payment for these health care plans that are holding costs down while giving good quality, and over a period of time there will be a blending of reimbursement rates to consider both local reimbursement patterns and national patterns.  What this means is that areas like Oregon that have held costs down while giving good quality will get higher reimbursement, and my constituents, older people, are pleased because they will be in a position to get better benefits. But what is especially important is this is the kind of reimbursement change that is essential to save this program in the 21st century.  I would submit that what will happen as a result of the bipartisan work to change the Medicare reimbursement process--Senator Grassley, myself, and others have spent so much time--is we will start seeing competition and choice come to health care programs in parts of the country where there is no competition and there is no choice. So we are talking about a change that, in my view, is going to really pay off for our country and pay off greatly in the years ahead.  Mr. President, I want to turn very briefly to the question of the other changes in Medicare that the Senate has debated and we are going to have to tackle in the days ahead. Particularly now I turn to the question of raising the age of eligibility for the Medicare Program and the question of a means test or some sort of ability-to-pay test being incorporated into Medicare.  I have long felt that Lee Iacocca ought to be paying more for his Medicare than should an older woman who is 75 and has Alzheimer's and has an income of $10,000 a year. So I think it is clear there is going to have to be an ability-to-pay feature added to the Medicare Program. But it is extraordinarily important that this be done right and that this be done carefully. I and other Members of the Senate felt that to try to do this over just a few months with so many questions about how this would be administered was precipitous action. But it must be done. Let us make no mistake about it. That change is going to have to be a part of 21st century Medicare. It has to be done fairly. My constituents were concerned that at a time when already they did not get a fair shake under the Medicare reimbursement formula, they were going to be asked to pay more immediately under Medicare.  So there are some real questions about how to do this and do it fairly. But I want it understood I am of the view that there will have to be an essential change, and I am very hopeful the Senate will not wait for a bipartisan commission to make recommendations but with the completion of this legislation will start on that issue as well.  With respect to the question of the age of eligibility for the program, here, too, there are very important technical questions of how it is done and how it is done fairly. There have been a number of analyses of late that have shown there is a significant increase in the number of uninsured Americans between the age of 55 to 64. So if that group of uninsured individuals is growing, to then add more, those between the ages of 65 and 67, would cause a hardship. So what I and others hope will be done as this effort to examine the age of eligibility is addressed is that there will be a buy-in opportunity, an opportunity for those individuals without insurance in that age group to be able to buy into the Medicare Program on a sliding scale.  Again, I think this is an opportunity the Senate ought to examine carefully, ought to look at in a bipartisan way, and not wait for a commission to make recommendations as to how it ought to be done.  Finally, Mr. President, let me say that as these significant changes in Medicare are made, beginning with the reimbursement formula changes that are being made now, changes that will bring fairness and competition and choice to the program, at every step of the way we have to keep the focus on protecting the rights of the patient. In this body Senators Akaka, Kennedy, and myself have led the push to ban gag clauses from managed care health plans. Health care is a complicated issue, we could all agree. But one issue we all should agree on is that patients have a right to know all the information about the kind of medical services and options that would be made available to them.  Under this legislation, that significant protection for patients is in place and I think it is just the beginning of the kind of new focus that should be placed on patients' rights and the protection of quality health care which older people deserve. At a time when the health care system and Medicare specifically are in transition, protection for the rights of the patients is even more important than ever. At a time when there is a focus on more competition and choice, it ought to be met with an equal emphasis of protecting the rights of the patients, and that has begun in this legislation as well.  Mr. President, I come from a part of the country that is proud to have led the Nation in the cause of health care reform and efficiency. Under the leadership of our Governor, Gov. John Kitzhaber, we have reinvented the Medicaid Program with the Oregon Health Plan.  For more than a decade, as a result of work done by Democrats and Republicans and older people and health care professionals, we have reinvented the Medicare Program in much of our State. So there is a new emphasis on choice and quality. What this legislation does is it removes the penalties against those programs that have been creative, those programs that have led the Nation in reforming Medicare and Medicaid. It is high time that those changes are made.  Mr. President, I think those changes lay the foundation for the other critical changes that are going to be needed to strengthen health care services in the days ahead. I look forward to working with our colleagues on a bipartisan basis to achieve those changes.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  