President, as a cosponsor of the Reed amendment, I want to explain why the Senate should restore $35 million to the State Student Incentive Grant [SSIG] program.  First, SSIG funds go directly to the students, not to Federal bureaucrats or administrators. One hundred percent of these funds go to the students.  Second, SSIG grants go to those who need them most: the median family income for SSIG recipients is $12,000--well below the Federal poverty level for a family of four.  Third, because every Federal dollar directly leverages State education dollars, each additional Federal dollar may make the difference whether another student gets the chance to go to college. In many States SSIG grants truly make or break a student's chance to go to college.  Fourth, at a time when costs are limiting access to higher education, we must do everything we can to give every student the opportunity to go to college. I was an early supporter of tax credits to help middle-class families pay the cost of higher education, and this program is just as crucial for the most needy students.  This program is especially important for Oregon. In the 1995-97 period, the SSIG Program made the difference for 49,400 students in Oregon, with an average grant of $1,060. SSIG helped account for 5-percent of the funding for the Oregon Need Grant program. And there are more than 16,700 students who did not receive the grant because of underfunding.  The Oregon Need Grant program helps provide basic access for Oregon's most needy student population. If we cut off SSIG for the l997-98 academic year, some 620 students could be forced to drop out of college. In pure dollar amounts, the grant may not seem like much to people in Washington, DC who are used to dealing in billions of dollars. But it will enable thousands of students in Oregon to make the decision to go to college.  It is the students, of course, who say it the best. One student who works at the U of O admissions office on work study said ``My father has been unemployed for about 4 years even though he has 20 years of naval experience and a college degree. My mother works for the local school system, but her income can't even provide for our family, let alone my college education. Without the need grant that I receive, I wouldn't be able to attend a 4 year university and work towards my degree in psychiatry and business.'' Another student at the University of Oregon said: ``The state need grant has literally been godsend. I come from a single parent household and my mother was laid off from a [major] corporation a few years ago and has only been able to get jobs as a waitress since. If it were not for the state need grant, I would not be able to attend the University of Oregon. I have lived in Eugene all of my life and I've always wanted to attend the U of O. I am majoring in journalism and hope to graduate this year. The grant made it possible for my mother to send me to school and still put food on the table for a family of four.''  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, and ask unanimous consent that my full statement be printed in the Record.  