Mr. President, I want to especially thank my colleague, Senator Grassley, for a fine statement and for all his help. He has long been recognized as one of the most honest, up-front Members of the U.S. Senate. I want to tell him that it is a special pleasure to be able to work with him.  Mr. President, certainly, if you walk down the main streets of this country and ask our citizens what a hold is in the U.S. Senate, you are certainly not going to find many Americans who are familiar with this practice. But the fact of the matter is, this is an awesome, awesome power exercised by a Member of the U.S. Senate. The power to put a hold on a bill or a nomination is the power to singlehandedly, effectively block the consideration of a bill or nomination from coming to the floor of the U.S. Senate.  All Senator Grassley and I are asking tonight is that when a Member of the U.S. Senate exercises this extraordinary power, that it be publicly disclosed. All we are asking is for an end to the secrecy.  My constituents look at the U.S. Senate sometimes and raise questions about how business is done here and, frankly, have some suspicions about the way the Senate conducts business. Sometimes I think they suspect that the procedures around here are a little bit like an elegant game of three-card monte. Now, my own hope is that with the passage of this amendment tonight in the U.S. Senate, and by making public the exercise of this extraordinary power by a U.S. Senator, our citizens will feel a bit more confidence and a bit more likely to see the Senate as an institution that is open and accountable.  The majority leader, Senator Lott, is absolutely right about the traditions of the Senate and, particularly, making accommodations to work out issues wherever possible. All we are saying is that when a Member of the U.S. Senate digs in with all his or her strength to block a bill or a nomination, the American people deserve to know the name of that Senator. This effort does not eliminate holds, it doesn't eliminate the filibuster; it eliminates none of the traditions that the majority leader referred to. All it does is say that a Senator is going to be straight with the American people when they exercise their enormous power to effectively block the consideration of a bill or a nomination on the use of the hold procedure.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  