President, the position of Assistant Attorney General for Anti-Trust is one of the most critical to assuring American consumers enjoy the benefits of competition. The decisions made by the individual who holds this title affect billions of dollars and the ability of our companies to compete in the global economy. They affect corporate profit and loss sheets and the course of the stock market. But most importantly, they affect the prices consumers pay for basic services, from telephone calls to transportation and television.  No area holds more promise for competition than communications, and that was the major impetus for the 1996 Telecommunications Act. The Act was intended to eliminate monopolies, spur new entrants and bring down prices. Eighteen months later, we have seen pitifully little progress. The Administration has not moved aggressively to promote competition. The vote I will cast today is meant to send a signal to the Administration that those of us in Congress who supported the 1996 Telecommunications Act want to see competition rather than concentration.  As a member of the Commerce Communications Subcommittee, I had hoped the 1996 Telecommunications Act would unleash a torrent of competition. Instead, we have seen prices outpace inflation in many areas. Each day the paper seems to carry yet another announcement of one giant company's plans to merge with another. Companies are spending millions of dollars on litigation and negative advertising. The situation reminds me of the African proverb: when elephants fight, the grass gets trampled. The grass here is the American consumer.  Perhaps the overwhelming array of choices has lulled the consumer into a sense of complacency. We hear about 500 channel broadcast satellite and video-on-demand. We see pages and pages of advertisements for cellular phones and CD ROM's, interactive computers and digital cameras. The pace of progress is incredible.  But if one peeks behind the smorgasboard, there is a very disturbing trend. The trend is toward concentration and media mega-mergers. Today's competitors are becoming tomorrow's partners.  Mr. President, this is why the position of Assistant Attorney General for Anti-Trust is so crucial. The individual who sits in that office plays a pivotal role in assuring our anti-trust laws produce robust competition rather than rogue concentration. Consumers need a champion for choice in communications.  I like Mr. Klein personally and believe him to be a skilled lawyer. It is the Administration's failure to move aggressively to promote competition that disturbs me. I hope my vote todaysends a clear message to the Administration that the trend toward increased communications concentration needs to be thorougly examined and challenged. For this reason, Mr. President, I will not be able to support the Administration on this vote.  