President, I am pleased to join with Senator Boxer as a cosponsor of the Domestic Violence Identification and Referral Act. With the passage of the Violence Against Women Act in the 1994 crime bill, Congress addressed the need to educate law enforcement, judges, and prosecutors about how to deal with situations of domestic violence. However, in this important piece of legislation, Congress overlooked a major resource in the battle against domestic violence--our health care professionals. Doctors, nurses, and others in health professions are often the first to see the effects of battering and are often in the best position to stop the cycle of violence before it goes any further.  While domestic violence is the leading cause of injury to women, many doctors, and nurses are unaware or unsure of the symptoms, treatment, and means of preventing domestic violence. In 1992, a Surgeon General's report cited a study showing 35 percent of the women who visit hospital emergency rooms were there because of ongoing abuse. Additionally, the study found that only 5 percent of the abused women were actually identified as such. A 1995 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association [JAMA] determined that little had changed since the earlier study and that doctors still failed to identify women who were injured as a result of domestic violence.  In a June 17, 1992, issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association Dr. Richard F. Jones III, the then-president of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists [ACOG], related how for years he had missed the obvious signs of physical abuse in women patients. He had been asking the wrong questions and failed to elicit the true cause of their injuries. Only when he started asking these women directly if they were victims of physical abuse did the truth emerge.  Similarly, according to an article in a November 1995 issue of American Medicine, 60 percent of those graduating from medical schools felt that an insufficient amount of attention within the medical school curriculum was given to the issue of family and domestic violence.  Since Senator Boxer, Representative Morella, and I introduced the Domestic Violence Identification and Referral Act in 1992, the medical community has taken many steps to increase outreach and education on the issue of domestic violence. However, as these studies show, the fact is that when it comes to domestic violence, the bruises and abrasions get dressed, but the cause goes unaddressed. Doctors miss the signs of domestic violence early on and then often miss them again when they have become catastrophic.  The Domestic Violence Identification and Referral Act provides incentives for medical schools to provide significant training in identifying, treating and referring victims of domestic violence. The legislation will give preference in awarding grants under the health professions education titles of the Public Health Services Act to schools that have incorporated training in domestic violence into their curriculum.  The title VII and title VIII grant programs, singled out in the bill, are demonstration grants and makeup but a small part of the hundreds of millions of Federal dollars that go to medical schools for state-of-the-art medical education. It seems to me to be self-evident that if we give medical schools this sort of funding, they should at least give some time to addressing the No. 1 cause of injury to women.  In drafting this legislation we worked closely with doctors, nurses, medical schools, and domestic violence groups. The Association of American Medical Colleges, American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American Medical Women's Association, the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, AYUDA, NOW Legal Defense Fund, American Nurses Association, National League For Nursing, Association of Reproductive Health Professionals, and the Family Violence Prevention Fund, among others, have voiced their support for this legislation.  I thank the many groups that assisted in drafting this legislation and Senator Boxer for her leadership in this matter. I urge the Congress to pass this important piece of legislation this year. 