President, the hour is late, and I know a number of our colleagues, Senator DeWine in particular, has been very gracious or anxious to discuss some important issues.  I just rise for a few moments to discuss the role of Egypt in the Middle East process. I think we all understand the dream of peace in the Middle East is going to take courage, patience and commitment from all of the countries in the region. Unfortunately, Egypt, the second largest recipient of U.S. aid, has taken a number of actions of late which seem more likely to undermine the peace that grew out of Anwar Sadat's courageous decision to go to Israel.  I rise, therefore, with several other colleagues, questioning several of these actions by Egypt, a long-time recipient of substantial amounts of U.S. foreign assistance. These actions, in my view, raise serious questions, especially when they seem to contradict U.S. efforts to secure a lasting peace in the Middle East. Specifically, I am troubled by Egypt hosting an Arab League summit in Cairo earlier this year in which Egypt supported the renewal of the Arab League boycott of Israel. This represents a clear violation of the Israeli-Egyptian peace treaty. U.S. policy has long sought to end the boycott. Yet, in this situation there is a recipient of U.S. aid that supports it. I am also troubled that Egypt has emerged as Libyan Leader Qadhafi's most important advocate internationally.  Egyptian President Mubarak has publicly stated that Egypt does not produce chemical weapons, that Libya does not produce chemical weapons. He has advocated easing United States sanctions on Libya, and he has violated the U.N. ban on air travel by allowing Qadhafi to fly to the Arab summit in Cairo.  What is particularly of distress to this Senator is President Mubarak was the only leader to decline President Clinton's invitation to attend an October Middle East summit in Washington to revise the peace process and to end ongoing violence.  Most recently, Mr. President, and colleagues, we have seen some efforts by top Egyptian officials to take actions to reinvigorate the peace negotiations. I am very hopeful that those recent actions will be a signal that Egypt intends to play a more constructive role in the days ahead, in terms of producing a lasting peace. I have been especially pleased to see the strong, bipartisan support here in the Senate for the Middle East process, and for the good work begun in Oslo, and I am very hopeful that Egypt will see that there is strong concern right now in the United States Senate about a number of their actions of late and that the Congress will be monitoring those actions carefully.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. DeWINE addressed the Chair.  