President, the people of Oregon have firsthand knowledge of the dangers of chemical weapons. Stored at the chemical weapons depot at Umatilla in the eastern part of my State are millions of pounds of chemical weapons. Mustard gas and nerve gas sit in concrete bunkers, a constant reminder of the need for action.  We see and hear constant news reports about the dangers facing children in eastern Oregon every day those weapons sit in those stockpiles.  There is no place in a civilized society for terror weapons like these, and it is not right to have stockpiles of these weapons that put our children at risk. Passing the Chemical Weapons Convention is the most important vote in this Congress for a safer future for our children. This is a time in my view for the United States to lead rather than to retreat. When Presidents Reagan and Bush negotiated this treaty, they fully understood that U.S. leadership was needed to complete it. They knew that full U.S. participation was essential for its work.  Not only will failure to ratify this convention put us in the position of being followers on the world's stage but the provisions built into this treaty to isolate and in fact economically punish those nations which refuse to ratify the treaty are going to apply to the United States if the Senate does not ratify this treaty.  In my State, we believe that we prosper from trade, cultural and other exchanges with the rest of the world and that there would be a threat if we failed to ratify this treaty.  If the Senate allows America to become an outlaw nation, the effects would be felt by every farmer, software engineer, timber worker and fisherman who sell the fruits of their labor overseas.  I would like to for just a brief few minutes review the arguments against this treaty. Some say that it represents a loss of sovereignty, but there is no greater threat to our sovereignty than to run away from our role as a world leader. Some say that this treaty would open our essential industries to espionage, but there is no question that the American chemical companies were consulted on this treaty. They worked closely on the key verification issues and there is enormous support, enormous support among those in the chemical industry to approve this treaty.  Finally, there are those who say verification is unworkable because rogue nations will refuse to ratify it. But the fact is that ratification of the treaty gives our country new access to information about the chemical weapons programs of other nations. If we are denied access to this vital intelligence, then we will be forced to spend even more on our own intelligence to track the chemical weapons threat.  The world is watching the Senate now, watching the greatest nation on Earth and hoping that we will lead the way to ridding our planet of these poisons. I urge my colleagues to join across party lines and approve this treaty, because when it is approved, our world will be a safer place.  I yield the floor.  