President, I offer this amendment today on behalf of myself and Senator Grassley of Iowa. Mr. President, one of the most significant personal powers of a U.S. Senator is the power to effectively block the consideration of a bill or nomination from coming to the floor of the U.S. Senate. This power has become known as putting a ``hold'' on a measure or bill that a Senator opposes. It is a power that a U.S. Senator can exercise in secret. The name of the Senator placing a hold on Senate business is now held confidentially by party leadership.  This extraordinary power was once used rarely by Senators, usually as a matter of common courtesy. In the last 20 years, however, the hold has become a special tool for influence and leverage. It is especially valuable at this time--at a time when we are moving toward the end of the session--because it allows a Senator, secretly, to exercise an enormous amount of clout over a matter when time is short.  Mr. President, the record is replete with statements of Members of this body who have indicated that there have been abuses of the hold, and that this is a procedure that has completely gotten out of hand. Let me read from the words of Senator John Glenn during the final hours of the 101st Congress. Senator Glenn said:       I find it deplorable that, suddenly, anonymously, a Senator      or a combination of Senators on the Republican side can stand      against the strong desire of the President and the Office of      Management and Budget for this legislation.  Lest anyone think that this be a partisan matter, Senator Thurmond said:       I think abuse does arise out of that.  Senator Hatch said:       We get victimized by holds, especially at the end of a      session.  Senator Leahy of Vermont, another senior Member said:       There should not be any holds at all.  He said we just should not have any holds.  Well, I am not proposing anything like that. But I do think that every Member of the U.S. Senate ought to be held publicly accountable. I think when one Member of the U.S. Senate moves to effectively block the consideration of a bill or a nomination, they ought to make it clear to their constituents that they are the individual blocking this matter.  Mr. President, as I have worked on this issue with Senator Grassley, on a bipartisan basis, for a year and a half, I have found that very few Senators are aware of how extensive some of these abuses are until it happens to them. For example, I learned last year that, often, a member of the staff places a hold on a measure and the Senator whose name in which the hold is placed isn't even aware of it. So what you have are secret holds, not just by someone with an election certificate, but by someone who doesn't have an election certificate at all--a member of the staff.  So I believe that it is time to ensure that the rights of Senators and the rights under the Senate rules afford substantial opportunities for Senators to make sure that they are heard and, to represent their folks, are accompanied by responsibilities. I want to make it clear to each and every Senator that I, in no way, would limit the right to filibuster. I would, in no way, limit the right to ensure that they can speak at length on a motion to proceed. And, in fact, I am not even going so far as to put any limits on the right to place a hold on a measure or a matter, other than that a U.S. Senator be public about what they are doing.  As I have talked about it with my constituents, they raise serious questions about whether one Member of the U.S. Senate should be able to effectively block consideration of Senate business at all. So I think that theAmerican people will consider this a very modest reform. I see no evidence that citizens want this kind of information held confidential, held secret. So I want to make clear to my colleagues that what I am against is the secrecy. It is the secrecy that is wrong, not the question of whether a Senator wants to exercise their rights.  Let me also say that I think it is particularly appropriate for the Senate to move now. I have discussed this, over the last 15 months, on a number of occasions with the majority leader, Senator Lott. Senator Lott, to his credit, has taken several steps to improve the procedures of the Senate and in dealing with the holds that I think are very constructive. But what has not been done is there has been no change in the Senate rules to deal with the issue that I bring up today. A hold can still be kept secret. A hold can still be kept confidential with the party leadership.  So, in my view, Senator Lott's proposal and the proposal that he made on January 27 of this year is a constructive one. It puts in place a number of sensible changes, such as disallowing what are known as ``block holds,'' where a Senator would put a hold on a block of bills. But it still keeps this procedure and the use of one of the most extensive personal powers a U.S. Senator has secret. So I hope that as the Senate considers this legislation--and it is only one sentence long, it is not a complicated amendment; it is only one sentence long. I hope that the Senators will see this for what it is, which is to bring sunlight to the debate over the Senate's rules.  I will be speaking for a few additional minutes, Mr. President, but I understand that the chairman of the subcommittee has asked to make a change in the time for the vote that he had arranged earlier. I am happy to yield to him at this time.  