President, my home State of Oregon has long been known for being innovative in a variety of important public policy areas. The Oregon Health Plan, for example, is a pioneering effort. We were the first State to protect our beaches, to go forward with recycling, to look at innovative ways to protect our land, air and water, and we are clearly out in front in terms of welfare reform, a key issue to our citizens at this time.  Today, I take the floor to talk about how Oregon would like to lead the country once more, this time in the critical area of juvenile justice. It is very appropriate that this matter be pursued at this time because, according to the National Center on Juvenile Justice, 47 out of 50 States have legislation in their State legislatures that would literally wipe out the State juvenile court system. It is not hard to be surprised about why these kinds of things are happening, because we know that our citizens are angry about the juvenile justice system in our country.  For example, there are many who come to my townhall meetings and say, ``Ron, 20 years ago we left our car doors unlocked, we left our windows open, and we were safe. But today, it's not that way any longer. I'm an older person, and I'm concerned about going out after 4 o'clock in the afternoon. I'm frightened. I'm frightened by what the thugs in my neighborhood might do to me.''  These citizens are not going to sit around and have debates about diversion programs, which is one approach for juvenile justice, or probation programs. They just want to make sure that they are protected, that they and their families are secure in their homes, and that their right to be free, their civil right, if you will, to be free from crime in their neighborhood is protected. It is not hard to see why State legislatures around this country are proposing bills to get rid of the juvenile justice system altogether.  So I come to the floor today to talk about an effort that is underway in Oregon to literally turn the juvenile justice system on its head and make it vibrant again. What we are seeking to do--and it is an effort that is being pioneered in central Oregon and Deschutes County, specifically--is to turn the juvenile justice system on its head and move from a model that was based on prevention and treatment to one that is based on accountability. We call this model community justice.  It is community justice because we feel that when a crime is committed, our community loses something. A person is harmed economically, physically, or emotionally, but also the community is harmed. Our community loses a sense of security. It loses funds that are needed for police work, and funds that are involved in incarceration and in probation. All our community suffers.  We believe it is first the responsibility of the system to avoid crimes being committed in the first place, but it also is critically important that if a crime is committed, the offender must be held accountable for making the community whole--the offender must earn their way back into the community. Prosecutors and police, and others, in Deschutes County, OR, have begun a new system built around accountability so that if, for example, you have a first-time offender, a nonviolent first-time offender, who has robbed the home of a senior citizen, what you are going to see is that this young offender is going to be required to pay back the community. My sense is that this notion of accountability, accountability for juvenile offenders so that there are consequences every time a juvenile offender commits a crime, is the direction that we ought to be going.  In Deschutes County, we look at this as part of what we have come to call the Oregon option. The Oregon option has been an approach that we pioneered with the Federal Government which stipulates that when local government is freed from some of the bureaucratic redtape, in return, we will make sure there are actual results; in other words, that we can prove that in return for relief from some of the bureaucratic constraints, we can meet the requirements of a particular community service program.  What we are saying in Oregon is that when there are dollars that are now earmarked for, say, prison beds for young offenders, we will commit, under the community justice kind of approach, to making sure those young offenders are held accountable and repay the community. And if, in fact, we can't do it, then the community is going to make sure, with community resources, that the goals of the juvenile justice system, and holding youthful offenders accountable, is met through buying back the prison beds.  My view is that this model of community justice is the kind of approach that the Congress should look at this year when we consider the juvenile justice statute, which is up again for reauthorization. We ought to say, as part of that law, that any juvenile justice system should require young offenders to complete accountability contracts to ensure that they make amends for their offense. We ought to make sure that, as part of the reauthorization of the juvenile justice system, local programs receive high marks from victims--and here the Chair has done yeoman work, in my view--that victims become the central customer of the criminal justice system.  I believe that using these kinds of principles, principles of accountability, principles of community involvement, principles of ensuring that victims become the customer of the system, we can build a new system.  Not long ago, I went to Deschutes County to learn about their community justice program. What I saw was a coalition of police officers, district attorneys, those who work in the juvenile justice system, Democrats, Republicans, all at a table saying, ``We believe that this new approach for community justice is the kind of approach that the Federal Government should support as part of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act reauthorization.''  Mr. President, I would say that if we can hold youthful offenders accountable, if we can ensure that there are consequences each time an offense is committed, if the Congress and local communities redesign these programs so as to work with families, we can have a new set of principles that would define juvenile justice for the 21st century--a set of principles that puts the community's needs first and makes the victim the principal customer.  I submit, Mr. President, that as the Congress goes forward with hearings on the juvenile justice system and the consideration of the juvenile justice statute, eyes should focus on what is being done with community justice in Deschutes County, OR, because I believe those kinds of principles, the principles that represent our community values, is what we should build the juvenile justice system around for the 21st century.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  