President, I think it is clear what some of the opponents of the Kennedy-Hatch legislation are trying to offer the Senate. They are saying that the Kennedy-Hatch bill, a health insurance program for vulnerable kids that pays for itself, is a bad idea. I submit that even Joe Camel would have a tough time selling that proposition. The fact of the matter is this is a program that pays for itself, that is fiscally disciplined.  In my State, close to 100,000 kids without health insurance are going to be in a position to get help as a result of this tobacco tax. I think it is important that the record be set clear on this.  Now, this morning, Mr. President, the New York Times carried an article that said that the States are going to lose revenue as a result of the Kennedy-Hatch legislation and that this should be opposed on the grounds that the States need this revenue. The fact of the matter is that attorneys general across this country are rushing to file lawsuits on behalf of their States in order to recoup some of the costs to State coffers for health care costs. That is the reality. The fact of the matter is States are losing vast sums right now as a result of our current policies.  Without the Hatch-Kennedy legislation, I am of the view we are going to have children grow up sicker, they will be sicker adults, they are going to die sooner, and health costs in America are going to increase. This is an important piece of bipartisan legislation.  Mr. President, I close by paying a special compliment to my colleague from Oregon, Senator Smith. He has been subjected to very intense criticism at home by the tobacco lobby. I know a bit about what it is like to be attacked by them. They sued me personally when I was a Member of the House subcommittee that investigated their practices.  I want to make sure that people know that Senator Smith has hung in there on behalf of better health care for America's youngsters.  This proposal is right. It is fiscally responsible. It is compatible with a balanced budget approach.  I hope my colleagues will reject the arguments that have been advanced against this legislation.  As I said earlier, I think even Joe Camel might have some difficulty selling the argument that a fully funded proposal that will help our kids is a bad idea.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  