President, I thank the Senator from Minnesota for yielding me time.  Transportation of defense- and commercial-grade nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste is a great concern to the people of Oregon. Virtually every shipment to and from the Department of Energy's Hanford site requires at least 200 miles of transport on the roads in our State. As we have heard these past several days, the transportation of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste is a major concern to many Senators on both sides of the aisle in this debate with respect to how to handle nuclear waste in the next century.  During the Energy Committee markup on S. 104, my amendment on transportation safety of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste was adopted. A key component of that amendment is the no shipments if no training provision. It literally means what it says, that there will be no shipment of spent nuclear fuel or high-level radioactive waste through the jurisdiction of any State or reservation lands of any Indian tribe eligible unless technical assistance and funds to implement procedures for the safe routing transportation are available for at least 3 years prior to any shipments.  This provision was carefully crafted to ensure safe transportation while also preventing anyone from using this provision to obstruct shipment by refusing to accept the grants or by failing to use the grants for training.  Senator Wellstone's amendment further tightens this requirement, and, it seems to me, Mr. President, that our Government, built on checks and balances, ought to be ensuring this kind of mechanism, the kind of mechanism envisaged by the Senator from Minnesota, to ensure accountability and to ensure public safety.  I also point out that it is not necessary to reinvent the wheel to transport spent nuclear fuel or high-level radioactive waste. What this amendment does, as did the amendment that I offered in committee, is to essentially build on the good system already in place to provide for the safest method possible for the transportation of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste. That is the system now being used for the transportation of plutonium from the Hanford nuclear reservation and other Department of Energy facilities to the WIPP facility in New Mexico.  For the past 5 years, the Department of Energy has worked cooperatively with States and Indian tribes to develop the WIPP Land Withdrawal Act transportation system. It has been applied with success to a variety of shipments of nuclear materials moving literally from coast to coast. The Department of Energy has been working well with Western States in preparing shipments of transuranic wastes to the WIPP facility.  I believe the WIPP Act, which the Senator from Minnesota builds on with his amendment, takes the right approach to address issues such as advance notification to the States of shipments, agreement of avoiding adverse weather conditions, qualification of carriers and emergency training and response of emergency responders. I do believe that this issue is one of bipartisan concern.  In the Senate Energy Committee, my colleague from Oregon, Senator Smith, joined me in offering the amendment that was adopted in committee, now strengthened by the Wellstone amendment.  I thank the Senator from Minnesota for yielding me this time, and I am very hopeful that it will be possible on a bipartisan basis to accept the Wellstone amendment, which I believe builds on the progress that was made in committee with respect to tightening safety measures, to proving accountability for moving these dangerous wastes across the country.  I thank the Senator from Minnesota for yielding me time.  