 In 2001, 2006, and in 2011, I voted against the USA PATRIOT Act. I voted against that legislation because I believed in a democratic and constitutional form of government we can effectively combat terrorism without sacrificing the civil liberties and the constitutional protections which make us a free country.  The President has said he welcomes a debate on this issue, and I agree with him. There should be a debate. And the debate should center on whether the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution is still relevant. If it is, let's abide by it. If it isn't, let's not be hypocrites and let's acknowledge we live in a society, in a nation, where our freedoms and liberties have been severely compromised. But let's not pretend the protections the Fourth Amendment guarantees exist when in fact they do not exist.  Here is what the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution states:       The right of the people to be secure in their persons,      houses, papers and effects against unreasonable searches and      seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue,      but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or Affirmation,      and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the      persons or things to be seized.  That is the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  Now, let's talk about what we learned in the last week about the National Security Agency's activities. We learned it is likely that virtually every phone call made by every American is being collected and stored by the United States Government. The time you made that phone call, where you made that phone call, how long you were on the phone, and to whom you made that phone call is now part of the record of the United States Government. Every husband calling a wife, every businessman making a deal, every elected official talking to a constituent, every candidate talking to a campaign manager, every doctor talking to a patient, every lawyer talking to a client, every journalist tracking a story--all of that information and more--is now on file with the United States Government.  What is even more alarming is that it is not just the government officials who have access to that information. It turns out it is also available to private contractors such as Booze-Allen, and I assume many other contractors.  A few weeks ago, Madam President, you will recall there was a huge uproar in the media, including front-page stories about the Obama administration tracking the phone calls made by reporters from the Associated Press. It was a big deal. Everybody was really concerned about that. While not listening to the calls, they learned who the reporters were speaking to, how long they were speaking, and where the reporters were located. Well, guess what. It turns out what the Obama administration was doing to the AP is nothing unusual. This appears to be exactly what the government has the capability to do to every single American.  Furthermore, we have also recently learned the government has the capability to monitor every Web site we visit, every video we see, and every item we search for online.  Madam President, everybody understands terrorism is a serious issue and the United States Government--and governments throughout the world--must do everything it can to protect its people. We do not want another 9/11. We do not want another bombing such as the one at the Boston Marathon. We do, however, want our government, our intelligence agencies and law enforcement authorities to be strong and effective in combating terrorism. But it is my very strong opinion we can do that without living in an Orwellian world where the government and private corporations know every telephone call we make, every Web site we visit, every place we go.  Is that really the country we want to be? Let's be clear: The technology for monitoring every aspect of our daily lives will only increase in years to come as that technology becomes ever more sophisticated.  Opposition to the current NSA policy is coming from across the political spectrum. Representative Jim Sensenbrenner, a conservative Republican from Wisconsin, and one of the authors of the original PATRIOT Act, said in a Thursday letter to Attorney General Eric Holder that he is ``extremely troubled'' by the National Security Agency's seizure of the phone records of millions of Verizon customers through a secret court ruling. Representative Sensenbrenner also said:       I do not believe the released FISA order is consistent with      the requirements of the PATRIOT Act. How could the phone      records of so many innocent Americans be relevant to an      authorized investigation as required by the act? Seizing      phone records of millions of innocent people is excessive and      un-American.  That is what Republican Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner said in a press release that accompanied his letter to the Attorney General.  It is clear to me the United States Congress has to take a very hard look at the USA PATRIOT Act, and specifically section 215. The bottom line is we must be strong and effective in combating terrorism, but it is absolutely my view we can do that without undermining the constitutional rights that make us a free country.  With that, Madam President, I yield the floor.  