President, I take a moment to add my voice to those who were outraged and offended last week at these idle attempts by some Members of Congress to impugn the integrity of our President, George W. Bush. Sure, they all now will deny that was their intent because they have been home and they have heard from their people, and the people do not believe it. They know it is cheap politics.  Let's not kid ourselves. The statements some of our colleagues made on this floor, in the other body, and in the press had one clear inference and insinuation: They were suggesting, even charging, that President Bush had prior knowledge about what was going to happen on September 11, that he could have done something to prevent the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington, and he did not do anything about it.  While they were making these accusations based on leaks from classified intelligence briefings, they were clearly questioning the competence, the truthfulness, and the integrity of our President. As Vice President Dick Cheney said Sunday, these charges made through these kinds of statements were outrageous and beyond the pale. Anyone who has the slightest understanding of intelligence briefings knows that raw scraps of information, of which there are hundreds and thousands at any given time, cannot be equated with knowing the details of a specific plot.  I have served on the Senate Intelligence Committee since 1994. We get briefings, and the briefings come in sometimes daily, sometimes weekly, sometimes monthly, where they have an assessment of accusations, a threat assessment, and there is kind of a summary page on top for people who do not want to wade through all of that material. In any given report, there are sometimes over a thousand threats, and the threats having to do with this never made it to the executive summary.  While these people were making these accusations based on leaks about classified intelligence briefings, they were clearly questioning the competency of this President.  I am heartened that the American people have so resoundingly repudiated the suggestion that President Bush is somehow culpable for what happened on September 11. Let's also be clear that any truly thorough investigation of what happened on September 11 must extend back into the actions and inactions of the previous administration and what it did and did not do in addressing terrorism on its watch.  Today's editorial in the Washington Times spells out a few things we need to remember in order to put September 11 in context. In the February 1993 World Trade Center bombing, six people were killed, a thousand wounded; Ramsey Youseff, attack mastermind, connected to Iraq intelligence. In October 1993, during the Somalia firefight, we remember so well the 18 American Rangers who were killed in Mogadishu, their naked bodies dragged through the streets. Militia were trained at that time by the al-Qaida. We know that today.  June 1996, Khobar Towers bombing: 19 U.S. soldiers killed in Saudi Arabia, al-Qaida terrorists among those involved. August of 1998, two U.S. Embassy bombings in Africa: 224 people were killed. Al-Qaida terrorists were involved again. Then-President Clinton launched 75 cruise missiles at an empty Afghan camp and a Sudanese pharmaceutical factory.  October 2000, the U.S.S. Cole bombing: 17 U.S. sailors were killed. Again, al-Qaida was involved. All evidence points to the fact that they were involved.  In each case, the Clinton administration sought to avoid taking firm steps against Osama bin Laden and other terrorist groups that have targeted U.S. interests, U.S. soldiers, and U.S. citizens. Certainly, any investigation of failures in the war on terrorism will take these issues into careful consideration.  As the Washington Times editorial says today:       Given the abysmal performance of the Clinton administration      in combating terrorism during the 1990s, it would be a huge      mistake for Democrats to attempt to gain political mileage by      blaming September 11 on President Bush.  I ask unanimous consent that the entire editorial be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  