President, I think my colleague from Oklahoma is exactly right. We can carry it one step further. We have these freedoms and that is why they hate us so much; they don't have these freedoms. The idea that individuals can have the freedoms we in this country have is totally alien to everything they believe in.  I sat there as others did--I am sure my colleague from Oklahoma did this morning--and looked at the Pentagon, and I know what went through his mind and what went through my mind was the Murrah Federal Office Building in Oklahoma City in 1995. We lost about the same number of lives back then as we did in the Pentagon. There are a lot of other similarities there.  The appearance after the airplane struck was so similar to that which we experienced in Oklahoma City. That brought back those very sad memories.  I sometimes look at things and ask, How can anything good come from something as bad as all that? Yet I can see--it is obvious, as I saw the changes in attitudes of people here in this body, and also the body down the hall--they are reflecting the interests of the American people.  I have been concerned for the last 10 years with the deterioration in the condition of our military. We talk about the authorization program. We talk about our end strength. We talk about the fact that we don't have a national missile defense system.  Somebody very smart back in 1983 determined that there will be a day--and they put the date, fiscal year 1998--when we are going to have to be able to defend our people from an incoming missile. So we got on schedule to be able to deploy something to defend against a limited missile attack.  We talked about land-based, air-based, space-based, and the AEGIS system, and evaluated all of these until the early 1990s when the program stopped. President Clinton was President at that time. He vetoed the Defense authorization bill. In his veto message, he said: I will continue to veto any bill that has money in it for a national missile defense system because there is no threat.  Now we know there is. We know the threat is there, and we wish we could look back and say, Why didn't we stay on schedule where we would have to deploy by fiscal year 1998?--which is really 1997.  We have been watching the deterioration of our military in terms of end strength and in terms of authorization. Right now, we are sending our troops out into battle with inferior equipment.  My colleague from Oklahoma and I have both experienced the condition of our artillery system. It is one that has 1958 technology. You can think of it as Civil War technology where you have to run the barrel between each shot.  I think even some of the military leaders in America do not realize how deteriorated it is. I think a lot of our leaders were not aware until September 11 that there are many other countries making more sophisticated strike systems than we have. Our best air-to-air defense and air-to-ground vehicle is the F-16. They now have the SU-27 and SU-30. They are on the open market. We know that China has bought around 240 of these. It is a very threatening situation.  I can recall the day this happened. A year ago, we had the Chamber of Commerce in from the State of Oklahoma. They come up once a year. And they were over in the Hart Building. It was my turn to address them from 9 to 9:30. Senator Nickles was addressing them from 9:30 to 10. As I got to the end of my 30-minute speech, I ended it the same way I have ended my speeches since 1994/95; that is, today we are in the most threatened position we have been in as a nation in the history of our country. Just as I said that, I looked up, and I saw this billowing smoke--not knowing what it was, not even finding out until Senator Nickles ended his speech that in fact it was the bombing of the Pentagon.  This mentality that has been permeating the Halls of both the House and the Senate--that somehow the cold war is over and the threat is not out there anymore--is something that people now understand is not true.  When this administration came in, they saw our end strength and the problems we have in the military. We have to change our policy--which has always been to defend America against two MTW; that is, two major theater wars. Now it is to defend America against one theater.  This is something that is not acceptable to the American people. And they find out. I know this, Mr. President, because every time I say it, they ask the question: Do you mean that we don't have that capability, and we have abandoned the policy we have had in this country for the last 20 years? I say: Yes, that is where we are.  I think Secretary Rumsfeld was right when he testified before our Senate Armed Services Committee and said now we are trying to keep a military on a smaller amount of money relative to our gross domestic product than before Pearl Harbor. We are spending less today--3 percent of our gross domestic product--on our military.  People talk about how much stronger we are than anyone else. There are not many other countries that do not spend more than that percentage. Historically, it has been between 4 percent and 5 percent.  We are having a markup of the Defense authorization bill. I came over from there because I wanted to get on record as strongly as I can about the result and how we might benefit from this tragedy a year ago today.  In this debate which we are in, we need to know if there is some way we can relieve the Guard at the gates at our military operations so they can go and relieve some of the Guard and Reserves who are overworked. Right now, there is not a Senator in here who hasn't heard from Guard and Reserve back home. They are overworked and overdeployed. They have lost their jobs. Many of these individuals have had to quit the Reserves and the Guard. Sadly, we are missing the critical MO authorization specialties. It is something we are going to have to do.  But there is a mentality among people--and we don't disrespect those people who believe the threat is not out there. There are some people who honestly in their hearts believe that if we all stand in a circle--all countries--and hold hands and unilaterally disarm, all threats will go away. I know that doesn't sound reasonable, but in Washington, there are quite a few of those around.  I think the shock treatment we got on September 11 of 2001 brought us out of that. We understand what we are going to have to do. We are going to have to do a rebuilding.  I think if there is anything to come to benefit us as a result of this tragedy a year ago, it is to remind not the people in this Chamber--they react to the people at home--but to remind people at home that we are in a very threatened situation and the most vulnerable in the history of this country.  Secretary Rumsfeld said it in a way which I think is very good. He said the consequences of making a mistake now are far greater than ever before. He said they are minuscule by comparison--that the consequence of making mistakes in Somalia in 1993 was that we lost 18 soldiers. The consequence of making mistakes in Yemen in 1999 was tragic. We lost 17 sailors. But he said the consequence of making a mistake right now is that we could lose hundreds of thousands of people.  We need to move on and allow this tragedy in America to serve as a reminder to the people of America that we have to rebuild. We have to make America strong again to the point that we can meet the minimum expectations of the American people. We do not today.  I only say, as tragic as it is, that the best way to ensure that those individuals who died--over 3,000--a year ago will not have died in vain is by learning the lesson and rebuilding and preventing a far greater catastrophe from happening again.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  