President, I thank the Senator from Nevada for giving me some of his time, particularly since we are not in agreement with each other on one of the two votes that will be taking place.  I spent 30 years of my life in the insurance business. I know the Chair knows a little bit about this business--he spent some time there, too. I think the Price-Anderson program as an insurance program is a good deal for the public. For over 45 years, Price-Anderson has provided immediate and substantial private compensation to the public in the event of a nuclear accident. It has provided coverage for precautionary evacuations, out-of-pocket expenses, has reduced delays that are inherent in court cases, and has consolidated all cases into a single Federal court.  I think it is also important to recognize it has never cost the Government any money. This is not a Government program.  Going back to my third point, if we didn't have something like this, then we would be dependent upon the tort system in this country. We are going to hear about the delays and the cost. This is one of the programs that has been successful for 45 years. When it gets down to some of the people who are opposing the program, they are actually opposed to nuclear energy.  I am old enough to remember back in the 1960s and 1970s, the hysteria that hit the streets when they were talking about nuclear energy and picketing and protesting. As the years went by, other problems came up with other forms of generation of energy.  We went through a long period of time during the Clinton administration with the EPA coming up with some ambient air targets that were not realistic. It created great problems. So we started talking about all the pollutants, emission problems, refineries--keeping in mind all during that discussion our refineries were at 100 percent capacity. Yet we were trying to add more and more problems to them with new source review and other programs, making it just a very expensive program.  During that time, a lot of the people who 20 years before had been picketing because they were opposed to nuclear energy, realized that nuclear energy is safe now, it is clean, and it is abundant.  The thing that I stress when we are talking about energy is we want all forms of energy--we want renewables, we want nuclear energy, we want fossil fuels, we want all the forms of energy because we do not want an energy crisis.  As far as nuclear energy is concerned, we are only dependent on that for 20 percent of our energy needs. France is 80 percent dependent. I think we will see in the future that percentage is going to have to go up until some of the renewables and other experimental systems come into play where we can depend on them for an abundance of energy. Until then, we are going to have to be using some of the energy sources that we know work and work today. Certainly this is one of them.  The assistant majority leader also mentioned we will have two votes starting at 2:15. The other is on hydraulic fracturing. I think it is important to talk about that in the same vein because there you are talking about natural gas. I am from Oklahoma. We know a little bit about natural gas. We know it is among the cleanest forms of energy out there. It is plentiful. It is inexpensive. But as far as being plentiful, one of the problems we are having is we have to be sure that we can maintain what we are doing right now in bringing natural gas out of the ground.  Right now, and for the next couple of years, we will be able to do that. However, because of the court decision that has already been discussed on the floor by a number of the Senators, we could be having a problem. The system, the procedure of hydraulic fracturing where you are forcing the natural gas or the oil out of the rock formations, is one that has been proven and has been used since the 1940s.  We are talking about 60 years we have been doing this. In 60 years and over 1 million wells where we have used this procedure, we have yet to have any environmental problem. So it kind of blows my mind there would be people, after 60 years of success, who would say there might be an environmental problem with it. There is no environmental problem with it.  The only problem right now is a court case for which we are going to have to go ahead and complete a study.  It is important for all my colleagues to realize on this vote today all we are talking about is completing the study that is underway right now. The EPA does not have to follow the guidelines of that study. They can authorize another study. But this amendment is to at least let science step in and say: Since there has not been a problem before, here are the risks of a problem in the future. If there is not a problem, we need to go ahead and eliminate that obstacle so we will be able to continue using that system.  Mr. President, 80 percent of the wells right now--and it is a higher percentage when you go to my State of Oklahoma because most of those are marginal wells, wells with 15 barrels a day or less--but 80 percent of them are going to have to use hydraulic fracturing. That system is necessary in order to come up with the natural gas we need.  