President, I am pleased to stand before the Senate today to wholeheartedly endorse the nomination of Mike Smith to be the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Fossil Energy.  Mike is a red-white-and-blue American. He has an outstanding pedigree including the good common sense to come from the great State of Oklahoma. In fact, in his own words, ``I was born and raised in the middle of the Oklahoma City Field and attended the only high school in the Nation with a producing oil well in the middle of the front sidewalk.''  Mike then proudly donned the crimson and cream of the University of Oklahoma for 7 years while earning his undergraduate and law degrees.  Immediately thereafter, he patriotically donned Army green during the Vietnam war.  As an attorney he has represented oil and gas workers, drilling contractors, service companies, exploration firms, independents, and, ultimately, larger operators.  He knows business, too, having run a small, independent oil and gas company in central and western Oklahoma. He has served on the board of directors of the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association and been its president.  Moreover, Mike Smith brings to the Department of Energy an excellent background in government service. He served on the Oklahoma Energy Resources Board, a State agency, providing environmental cleanup and public education, voluntarily funded by our State's producers and royalty owners.  Mike served under the sky blue and buckskin tan flag of Oklahoma when Gov. Frank Keating appointed him to be Oklahoma's Secretary of Energy. In that capacity Mike served my State as its official representative to the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission, the Interstate Mining Compact Commission, the Southern States Energy Board, and the Governors' Ethanol Coalition.  President Bush has assembled a banner group to assist him in running the Department of Energy, beginning with my friend and former colleague, Secretary Spence Abraham. Mike Smith is of the highest caliber and another true-blue selection by President Bush.  I am proud of my fellow Oklahoman. I am excited to work closely with him to develop our national energy policy, particularly to ensure adequate supplies of affordable and clean energy.  America's energy strengths derive from the rich natural bounty of our coal, our natural gas, and our oil, as well as from our blessed human ingenuity fostered by America's free market.  I am proud to testify to my fellow Americans that America's energy strengths will be handled with flying colors by the ingenuity of Oklahoman Mike Smith.  