President, I want to take some time to explain to my friends the importance of the CAFE debate to the people of Oklahoma.  Today most of the people in Oklahoma buy light trucks, sports utility vehicles, and minivans. They are what you see on the road in Oklahoma. In fact, they are what Americans all over the country are buying.  Last year national sales of light trucks, sports utility vehicles and minivans outpaced cars for the first time, and since 9-11 there has been aspike in sales of these vehicles. We have hard data showing us that this increase is due to Americans' desire for safety, comfort, and utility.  In the 2001 Customer Satisfaction Study, Maritz Marketing Research, Inc. surveyed 83,196 new vehicle buyers. When asked what vehicle attributes were ``Extremely Important'' in their purchase decision, gas mileage ranked 15th on car buyers' lists, behind such things are reliability, value for the money, durability, and safety features. 43 percent rated gas mileage as ``extremely important'' vs. 70.6 percent for reliability, 59.3 percent of value, 59.2 percent for durability, and 57.3 percent for safety features.  When asked the same question, truck, SUV, and full-size van owners ranked gas mileage 32nd on their list of ``extremely important'' items, below safety features, interior roominess, passenger seating, and cargo space, among others. 29.8 percent rated gas mileage as ``extremely important'' vs. 51.4 percent for safety features, 41.9 percent for interior roominess, 38 percent for passenger seating, and 36.8 percent for cargo space.  A governmental mandate flies in the face of Americans' desire for these very attributes: safety, utility, and comfort. A mandate against the will of the American people is not the way we do things in government of the people, by the people and for the people.  As far as jobs and economics, a typical assessment comes from Dr. Robert W. Crandall, Senior Fellow in the economic study program at the Brookings Institution notes that the current proposal would cost the United States something like $17 or $18 billion a year in lost consumer surplus. This loss of jobs and damage to our economy is unacceptable when this mandate will also cost lives and fly in the face of Americans' free choice of vehicles.  On safety, we have the scientific analyses of our National Academy of Science and our National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, as well as numerous analysts.  For example, in 1972, Ralph Nader and Clarence Ditlow published a book entitled Small on Safety. Page after page has such statements as, ``Small size and light weight impose inherent limitations on the degree of safety that can be built into a vehicle.''  After all is said and done, drivers and passengers are safer and do better in crashes about 98 percent of the time when vehicle weight is greater. A Federal Government mandate to cut the weight of vehicles is going to cost lives. I want safe Oklahomans and therefore oppose CAFE mandates.  The following groups oppose the Kerry/McCain CAFE provisions because they are bad for safety, utility, performance, consumer choice, and jobs:  United Auto Workers; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; National Automobile Dealers Associations; American Iron and Steel Institute; Association of American Railroads; National Association of Manufacturers; American Highway Users Alliance; Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers; American Farm Bureau Federation; Union Pacific.  Competitive Enterprise Institute; American International Automobile Dealers Association; Motor & Equipment Manufacturers Association; Original Equipment Suppliers Association; Delphi Automotive Systems; Automotive Coalition for Traffic Safety; National Marine Manufacturers Association.  Small Business Survival Committee; National Cattlemen's Beef Association; American Horse Council; American Recreation Coalition; Associated General Contractors of America; Automotive Coalition for Traffic Safety; Coalitions for America; Coalition for Vehicle Choice; National Association of Plumbing, Heating and Cooling.  General Motors; Ford Motor Company; Daimler Chrysler; Toyota; Nissan, Volkswagen; BMW; Mazda; Fiat; Isuzu; Mitsubishi Motors; Porsche; Volvo; National Association of RV Parks and Campgrounds.  National Grange; National Truck Equipment Association; Recreation Vehicle Industry Association; Specialty Equipment Market Association; National Four Wheel Drive Association; Business Round Table; AFL/CIO.  Please join me in supporting the compromise crafted by Senators Levin and Bond.  