President, my wife and I have four kids and 11 grandkids. My youngest daughter Katie is the chairman of the Jesse Helms Fan Club. Katie, who looks like she is about 14 or 15 years old, is in her thirties. She just had her second baby. She has, I say to my good friend, Senator Helms, prominently framed as you walk in to her home a picture of Senator Helms holding her first baby, Baby Kate. You see, I have a wife named Kate, a daughter named Kate, and a granddaughter named Kate. The picture is prominently displayed in her living room.  She talks about this wonderful, gentle man in Washington who is different than anybody else we have known in Washington. She says he has to be the most lovable man in the history of Washington, DC.  Jesse, I say to you, that is not just one little girl talking. She speaks for so many people.  Since one of the programs that Senator Helms has always held up and said is the greatest program because it does not involve Government dollars, it involves putting into the hands of young people in America the ideals that made this country great, I thought it would be appropriate if we adopt S. Con. Res. 143, which is the 4-H resolution. The Senator from North Carolina has been such a prominent part and one of the first cosponsors of this resolution. So let's adopt this resolution on Jesse Helms Appreciation Day.  My resolution, S. Con. Res. 143, designates next week, October 6 through 12, as the ``National 4-H Youth Development Program Week.''  The 4-H Youth Development Program sponsors clubs in rural and urban areas in every county throughout the Nation. As neighbors and colleagues, 4-H members and volunteers are making a difference by pledging the four Hs: their ``heads'' to a clearer thinking, ``hearts'' to greater loyalty, ``hands'' to larger service, and ``health'' to better living for the club, the community, the country, and the world.  In an era when education is recognized as more important than ever, 4-H offers a variety of training through its diverse programs. Young people gain experience and citizenship and civic education, communications and expressive arts, consumer and family sciences, environmental education and earth sciences, healthy lifestyle education, personal development and leadership, plants and animals, and science and technology; and it goes on.  4-H has grown to over 5 \1/2\ million annual participants from all ethnic backgrounds, ranging from ages 5 to 19. 4-H clubs strengthen families and communities and foster leadership and voluntarism for youth and adults.  I will say something about my State of Oklahoma. Turning to a survey of 22 counties in Oklahoma, 4-H members and volunteer leaders participated in 4 million hours of community service. No Government program told them to do that. They just did it out of their hearts because they had leadership they could look up to, the ultimate leader being Senator Helms in this case.  Whitney Ferris, a 4-H club member and student at the Oklahoma State University, is one example of someone who has given back to her community. She has used skills she has developed through 4-H to conduct leadership development classes for Native Americans in the Chickasaw Nation. As a result of her efforts, Whitney is now working with other Native American tribes in Oklahoma to help them establish development workshops in order to learn skills that will make them tomorrow's leaders.  That is what we are really talking about: tomorrow's leaders. We would like to produce more Jesse Helmses for this world.  Other OSU students, who are also 4-H members, have won the prestigious Truman Scholarship for their outstanding academic and leadership skills.  Recently, I supported 4-H by requesting funding for a national civic education program to be conducted by the National 4-H Council. This program is aimed at involving young people from all socioeconomic backgrounds in public policy and community involvement, with a special focus on community governance and leadership skills.  I have also requested funding for an innovative Rural Health Outreach Program, which will be administered through the 4-H Youth Development Program.  This program will develop, implement and evaluate an overall youth health promotion and awareness strategy designed to target youth and their families, particularly in rural America. It will also devise strategies to reach minority and disadvantaged youth and their families.  4-H is changing the lives of America's youth for a brighter, better tomorrow and I am proud to recognize this important program.  Congratulations, 4-H, on your good work and your centennial.  I conclude by saying we have hundreds of thousands of kids around this country who are participating today and have participated in this program. I think that each one of them would look up to the top and see one person who really sets an example for what truly makes America great, and that would be our good friend Jesse Helms.  I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 143 and the Senate then proceed to its immediate consideration.  