President, I do at some point want to be recognized on the second-degree amendment, the Warner amendment to the underlying amendment. But not until we have had a chance to evaluate it a little bit more. That is what we have been doing in the last few minutes.  As the ranking member, Senator Warner knows this is something that came up fairly quickly. We need a chance to look it over.  In the meantime, I see Senator Akaka, the chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, is going to be seeking recognition. So if it is acceptable, I would like to talk a little bit about our Readiness Subcommittee, our feelings, and then maybe respond to a couple of comments concerning the Crusader. Then if there is time, perhaps Senator Akaka could follow me.  First of all, I congratulate both Chairman Levin and Senator Warner for their leadership in the Senate Armed Services Committee. They have worked tirelessly in the past months to formulate a bill that for the most part provides for increased readiness for the Armed Forces and the security of our Nation.  I also thank Senator Akaka, the chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, for his bipartisan leadership of the subcommittee. As the former chairman of that subcommittee and now the ranking member of the Readiness Subcommittee, I believe the subcommittee took a balanced approach to address a number of the readiness management concerns affecting the armed services.  In keeping with our bipartisan approach to readiness, this bill increased funding for identified shortfalls in the services' infrastructure, equipment, maintenance, and operating budgets. I especially want to highlight the increases in the ammunition procurement, depot level maintenance, base operations, and military construction. While I support many of the readiness items in this bill, a few lines cause me some concern.  Foremost, I am concerned about the $850 million reduction for professional services contracts. This reduction would have significant impacts on the level of services provided to the Department.  I had hoped the bill approved by the Armed Services Committee would be more supportive of the Department's proposed readiness range preservation initiative. Although the bill includes two of the provisions requested by the Department, the modifications relating to the Endangered Species Act, Migratory Bird Treaty Act, Marine Mammal Protection Act, are not on the mark. I believe they should have been on the mark. I do know the political reality was the support was not there. I hope, when we send this bill to the President for signature, it will include some of these provisions since they are essential to maintaining the training and readiness of our forces.  We might remember it was not long ago that we determined that in several of our training installations we actually paid more money for some of theenvironmental provisions than we did for ammunition. That was at a time when we had severe budget constraints, which are less severe today.  Although I support many of the provisions of the bill, especially those in the readiness accounts, I was among the eight Republican Senators who voted against reporting out the bill in its current form. My vote against the bill was based on the drastic reductions, over $800 million, from the President's request for missile defense programs. The reductions, according to General Kadish, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency:       . . . would fundamentally undermine the administration's      transformation of missile defense capabilities and eliminate      the opportunity for the earliest possible contingency against      medium range ballistic missiles abroad.  I have been at the forefront when it comes to the development of missile defense to protect our Nation's citizens. I find it ironic, in light of what happened on the 11th of September, that we are not putting in the money necessary for a missile defense system.  I have very serious concerns about that. I know the administration does. I fully support what the administration is trying to do with missile defense. Of course, we cut the authorization considerably for that.  Let me just make a comment or two about the discussion that has taken place here concerning the Crusader. I have to agree, Chairman Levin is correct when he talks about the chain of events that led to the May 8 cancellation by the administration. It was something that we determined afterwards in committees that none of the military, none of the uniformed services were aware of. It was not right and I think everyone agrees that was not the proper procedure.  I will say this. Let's not forget the real problem we have with artillery today. I will start by saying there are people in this Chamber and elsewhere who really do not believe we need artillery, we do not need a gun.  But when you ask these same people if they are prepared to say we do not need ground troops in the future, there is not anyone who is going to say we do not need ground troops in the future. When we have troops on the ground, and we know we will have them on the ground--we had them in Anaconda and Afghanistan--you have to offer cover. Of course, if it is close to ships, you could do it that way, but that is highly unlikely. You could do it from the air or with artillery. If you do it from the air, as we depended on air in Afghanistan, then you have two problems.  No. 1, according to the testimony of General Shinseki, it took an average of 25 minutes of response time to be able, from the air, to get the cover necessary. In other words, our troops were naked for a 25-minute period of time. That is unacceptable.  Second, it was further testified--we had testimony that was very convincing--that in one-half of the cases the weather was such we could not get that cover from the air.  So what is the alternative? The alternative is to do it with artillery. I have lots of quotes here--that I will probably put in the Record, but I will not bother quoting right now--from the top military uniformed people saying we really needed to have the artillery capability at that time. So let's look at where we are today.  There has been a lot of talk about the Crusader. The Crusader is the system of the future. It is a system that will correct the problem, the deficiency we have right now.  We in this Chamber have to make a determination: Are we willing to send our troops into combat with inferior equipment? I would say that is unacceptable. So let's look at where we are today.  This is the Paladin. That is the best thing we have today. It was designed in 1963. I have spent many hours inside the Paladin, in the training areas. It is inconceivable to me that we would be expecting our troops to use such antiquated equipment, one where after every fire you have to take a pole and take the breach and then hand load it, put the shell in, put the charge in behind it, close it, cock it, take a rope and pull it. I can show you Civil War movies where they had to go through that same process. That is totally unacceptable.  First of all, we determined if we are going to have ground troops we have to have artillery. There are two things you want in artillery: One is range, the other is rate of fire. This is the Paladin right down here. It is at the very low end of the spectrum.  In here are four countries that make a system that is better than the Paladin. In other words, these countries--such as this one here, PZH2000. I took the effort to go to Germany and sat inside one when it was fired. It is far superior to the Paladin but not as good as the Crusader. Here is the Crusader. In terms of rate of fire, in terms of range, it would be superior, if we had that, to the rest of these.  Before we had what happened on May 8, we thought we were going to be in a position to have that Crusader capability so our troops that go out there would have something superior to the rest of them. Now we see if we do not have that, we have the British, the Russians, South Africans, and the Germans, all making a system that is better than what we have here.  It may be that we can get there. I think most people agree that if we are going to have a gun for the future, we need to have it by 2008. The Paladin Crusader would have been there by that time. It may be that later on we will find another alternative and have a gun that will be consistent with the requirements of the Future Combat System by 2008, even though it would be lighter. The complaint was that the Paladin Crusader was too heavy. They knocked it down from 60 tons to 39 tons. A lot of people legitimately believe it is too heavy. Now they are talking about some alternative of around 18 tons to 20 tons. That is fine. We need to be able to pursue that.  But the bottom line is that we have to be able to give our troops the capability of a superior artillery system. That is where we are today.  We have a couple of alternatives. We know the House has language fully funding the Crusader. It might be that when we go to conference, we will come out with something such as that. We don't know.  It is very important for us to recognize today that we have that deficiency. We have to determine as Members of this body whether that is acceptable--that we are willing to send our troops into combat with an inferior system. I think we will find that it is not acceptable.  I again thank my chairman, Senator Akaka, for the way we have worked together, and for the subcommittee support in what we have done, even though I still think it is deficient.  In the overall budget we had to deal with, we were not able to do two major things:  No. 1, improve on the problems we have right now, and not with inadequate systems;  And, No. 2, there are a lot of military construction projects that are still not addressed.  I am not saying this to criticize the President's budget. I am just saying they have a bottom line and they have to live within it. There are still deficiencies.  I think we did the best we could in our committee. I commend Senator Akaka for the bipartisan way in which he and I have always worked together for the past 15 years.  