I believe it is necessary.  A number of people have asked me why it is that I support nuclear energy when my home State does not have any nuclear power. My response is that nuclear energy directly benefits every Oklahoman even though not a single kilowatt of energy is produced from nuclear power in our state. Oklahomans benefit from nuclear energy in the form of decreased power bills and increased national and economic security.  Currently, nuclear power represents 20 percent of our Nation's electricity generation. As an integral part of the U.S. energy mix, nuclear energy is a secure energy source that the nation can depend on. Unlike some other energy sources, nuclear energy is not subject to unreliable weather or climate conditions, unpredictable cost fluctuations, or dependence on foreign suppliers.  However, the lack of storage space for nuclear waste is now threatening the existence of nuclear power. If Yucca Mountain is not approved, nuclear powerplants will be forced to start shutting down at some point because there will be no place to store the waste. This would have profound consequences for all Oklahomans.  Even though Oklahoma does not have any nuclear powerplants, if nuclear power goes off line, it would cause an economic crisis in Oklahoma. The reason is simple. If you take 20 percent of the power supply off line, other States' demands of Oklahoma's power would increase, thus creating a smaller supply of energy, and a corresponding increase in the cost of energy for Oklahomans. The days of utility rates in Oklahoma being 19 percent below the national average power rate would be over.  Higher energy prices affect everyone. However, when the price of energy rises that means the less fortunate in our society must make a decision between keeping the heat and lights on or paying for other essential needs. In a recent study on Public Opinion on Poverty, it was reported that one-quarter of Americans report having problems paying for several basic necessities. In this study, currently 23 percent have difficulty in paying their utilities. That is almost one out of every four Americans. I will not support attacks on our energy supply, which hurt the poor in Oklahoma and around the Nation, in the name of an environmental crusade.  In the mid-1980s, I traveled around the country with President Reagan's energy Secretary, Don Hodel, to bring attention to the need for measures to decrease our Nation's energy dependence. Additionally, in January 1998, I elicited virtual consensus from the members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that energy security was a too-often-overlooked aspect of our national security needs. Additionally, in just the last couple of weeks, Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz said that U.S. dependency on foreign energy ``is a serious strategic issue . . . My senseis that (our) dependency is projected to grow, not to decline.''  It is essential for a strong Navy.  The fact is we are at war right now. Every American is benefiting from the war on terrorism. Our subs are nuclear. Our aircraft carriers are nuclear. Every time we send American ships to a different part of the world, whether to keep the peace or defeat an aggressor they head there powered by nuclear fuel. Where does that spent fuel go? Right now the material goes to Idaho. That is right. It is transported right now. It's stored on the surface. So what happens if we fail to set up a permanent repository? We create what Secretary Abraham calls uncertainty regarding the ``continued capability of our naval operations.'' A strong Navy fuels our ability to remain a world power. And we need a safe way to handle what is fueling our Navy.  The cold war is over.  To those of us who grew up in a time when we had bomb shelters in our backyards, nothing would be more welcome than seeing us dismantle weapons we no longer need. Every time I read about the plans for turning plutonium into ``mixed-oxide'' or MOX fuel, I see the results of our past determination to resist Soviet domination.  But whether surplus plutonium is made into MOX fuel or another form, waste is still left over. And it must go to a permanent repository. And that is not just for our own good. How can we urge other countries to get rid of their nuclear weapons if they don't see us doing it? We are now turning swords into plowshares by helping Russia convert its surplus weapons material into fuel for American reactors. Even the by-products of this fuel, once used, will need a repository. Yucca Mountain will provide a safe place for the materials in weapons no longer pointed at our enemies. And it will be a powerful example to other countries that no longer need weapons pointed at us.  Maybe a few years back we could not conceive of terrorists making bombs out of planes and striking at the very heart of America. We can now. Make no mistake. They are out there and in our country. Yes, it is good that we are racing to put neutron flux detectors and gamma ray detectors at all our airports. But terrorists don't need to bring radioactive material into the United States. There is enough of it here.  And these materials--relics of the cold war--are scattered around the country. Yucca Mountain will put this material where it belongs: safe and secure 1,000 feet underground. A few days back, after Jose Padilla, A.K.A. Abdullah al Muhajir, was arrested, I saw this headline in ``The Washington Post: U.S. Source of Isotopes Become Focus After Arrest.'' Here is what the Post said: ``Of the thousands of nuclear sources still in use, or decommissioned to known storage sites, many are thought to be vulnerable to theft or black market sale.'' That is why Yucca Mountain is so important. That is why we have to move now to create a permanent repository. That is why we need a central underground disposal site, where spent fuel can be more safely and efficiently monitored.  And so, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on Yucca Mountain. We caught one terrorist. We can't catch them all. They will come through our airports. They will dock in our major ports. They will go through customs without a hitch because they possess not plutonium, but knowledge. Terrorists want to use that knowledge to threaten our way of life. A vote for Yucca Mountain will make that hard for them.  What is America's record when it comes to transportation of nuclear materials? It is astonishingly safe. There are some people who act as if transporting nuclear fuel will be a new thing for America. The fact is that we've seen more than 3,000 shipments of it over the past 40 years. In all those years, there has been zero danger to the environment, zero release of radioactivity, and zero fatalities.  We have seen 1.7 million miles of these shipments without any release of radioactive contents. And don't forget: The Energy Department also accepts used nuclear fuel from foreign research reactors under a non-proliferation pact. They come in from Europe and Latin America. They are brought by train to South Carolina. And we're going to do that until 2006--22,743 separate used fuel assemblies. This is something we know how to do. Because we have done it. And we have done it exceptionally well.  Will we avoid transporting waste if we don't pass Yucca Mountain? Absolutely not. A lot of sites are reaching their limits for keeping used nuclear fuel on location. 40 of them will need additional storage in the next 8 years. But they don't have the space for it. Where is that waste going to go? Secretary Abraham put his finger on the issue when he testified last February. ``Our real choice is not between transporting or not transporting used fuel, but between transporting it with as much planning and safety as possible, or transporting it with such organization as the moment might invite.''  To keep that waste in 39 States is to keep it at 131 locations never designed for permanent disposal, never intended to manage this waste indefinitely. Clearly, any solution to the disposal of this waste requires it be transported somewhere.  Furthermore, as skillful as America is at transporting hazardous materials, we are not the only people in the world who do that well. Europe has been doing it since 1966 about as much material as we want to send to Yucca Mountain. Fatalities? Hazards from radioactivity? Zero.  There are those who see in this plan the heavy-handed approach of Washington. As a former mayor of Tulsa, I am always very sensitive to the importance of local control. In fact, the way America handles the problem of nuclear waste is a victory for local control. State and local governments can select alternate routes if they oppose those proposed by DOE and 11 States have done just that. As they should. Meanwhile, Federal and State and local authorities have worked together. Worked with training. Worked on contingency plans. Worked on mutual assistance agreements. Worked as partners. As we should. Building on our Nation's fine records, as the ranking member of the Transportation, Infrastructure, and Nuclear Safety Subcommittee, I look forward to working with the various Federal agencies to ensure the proper federal role in providing security for nuclear waste shipments. As a former mayor of Tulsa, I will also keep in mind the critical role that State and local governments must play in this process.  In an attempt to misinform and frighten the public, extreme environmentalists have been saying that the shipment of waste would be creating thousands of ``mobile Chernobyls.'' I have already discussed, our Nation's safety record with regard to the shipment of nuclear materials. However, I must mention that, until the Yucca Mountain project is licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, which is about 10 years off, the Departments of Energy and Transportation will not designate shipping routes for nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain. If anyone implies that they know the routes, they are not telling the truth because the decision makers of those routes will not consider routes for many years.  As ranking member of the Transportation, Infrastructure, and Nuclear Safety Subcommittee, I am looking forward to my key role in working with the various federal agencies to ensure the safe transportation of our commercial and military nuclear waste.  Make no mistake. A vote against Yucca Mountain is a vote against nuclear power, and, thus, a vote to hurt our energy, economic, and national security.  I thank the Senator from Alaska for giving me a few minutes.  