President, let me comment in response to some of the statements made by my distinguished and very close personal friend with whom I came to the Senate from the other body in 1994.  Mr. President, will the Senator from Pennsylvania stay here? I was going to respond to some of the comments he made. First, I state in the strongest possible terms that there is no person I think more of than Secretary Rumsfeld. There has been a problem in this whole debate, and that is that he is busy managing a war right now. He has other things on his mind other than what our Future Combat System is going to be.  Consequently, while they said, yes, we want to cancel the program, whatever the immediate motivation was, the Secretary made that decision, and, quite frankly, I do not believe--in fact, I am certain of it--at the time the decision was made he did not take into consideration the termination costs.  As recently as last night in the office of the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania, General Armbruster made the statement it would cost about $290 million without a bridge. So we are talking about a very large amount of money.  I am concerned about $1 million today, $.5 million, $1.5 million, depending on how one wants to calculate the delay. I do not want to delay it. Let's keep in mind, the Senator from Michigan is correct when he said the Army has been preparing to do this for a long time. The Army has downsized in anticipation of having the capability that would come with the Crusader. In a minute I will say it could be the Crusader or something that would give us a capability that would certainly satisfy me as just one member of the Armed Services Committee.  There are a couple other issues I want to clarify for the record. The Senator from Pennsylvania made the statement that with something that has three times the firepower, why don't they lower the expectations as to how many platforms they need.  I say to the Senator from Pennsylvania, at one time they were talking about 1,200 Crusaders. It is now down to 480 Crusaders. That is the most recent. I also say at the same time that the firepower, the rate of fire, is not just 3 times greater, it is 10 times greater in terms of sustained fire. That is critical. We have already downsized the request to 480 from 1,200.  The cancellation of the Crusader most likely is going to happen. That is what the Senator has been saying, and I agree with the Senator from Michigan that the Secretary of Defense isnot going to do that on his own. If he had strong opposition in both the House and the Senate, then there is a process whereby he would have a difficult time doing that unilaterally, and I believe that is very proper. In this case, when you are talking about an alternative system that might accomplish the same thing, this has been the compromise we have been talking about now. The House was not talking about this. They want to go full bore ahead with the Crusader.  We have said if what we want to accomplish is to have an artillery capability by 2008, the same year the Crusader would have come on board, it can be done in other ways. I have suggested another way would be to say: Administration, you are right, but we need to get it down from 40 tons to 20 tons. We need to have something that is going to be faster and lighter, that will still give us some superiority on the battlefield and do it by the same year, 2008. That is a reasonable expectation. I think most of the Senators on the committee would say that would be a good alternative if that were done.  In order to do it by 2008--this is something nobody disagrees with--it is going to have to be done by using the same people who gave us the technology we have today, and we are going to have to use the same technology. To use that, it can be done, but we are going to have to construct something to allow that to be done. If we do not, and if we say, all right, we are going to open it up for bids at the end of milestone B, for example, then that is going to delay the process for a long time, and most likely that team that gave us the technology of the future would be dispersed and working elsewhere. So it would be very difficult.  The last thing I want to mention is the disagreement I have with the statement of the Senator concerning the dumb bombs. Yes, we need the Excalibur, we need to have the MLRS, we need to have all the rocket technology that goes with it so we can be pinpoint accurate, but when it comes to cover, every general and every person in uniform coming before our committee has said, you have to have that, but you also have to have dumb bombs.  If Excalibur were fired right now, the cost of that would be $200,000 for a round. It has to be fired out of something. We do not have anything to fire it out of right now. We would with the Crusader. We would if we had this alternative we are suggesting so we would be able to use it. If we use MLRS, each round is $36,000. That has to be considered on the battlefield. But if you want to send a bunch of dumb bombs to give cover to our troops who are otherwise naked, that can be done for $200 a round.  I contend--and I have heard such testimony from those in uniform--that we have to have that capability. If we have to have that capability, we are going to have to have all that capability in one unit. That is where FCS comes in. There are about five major components of FCS. Sure, the way I want to go would make sure we get the first component, the artillery capability, by 2008. To do that, we would have to give it some degree of priority; $173 million additional would do that. We have heard that testimony. At the same time, I want the other components, too.  I will stand here and say, whatever influence I have on this committee, I am going to use that influence to get the rest of these components to reach the Future Combat System that everybody is in agreement we want. The only disagreement we have is there are some who say only the Crusader is going to be able to do this. I do not believe that. I think we can do that if we keep the technology and the team together and do it in another vehicle.  Those are the areas I wanted to address. I have to say to my friend from Pennsylvania, I really believe we want the same thing. We want that capability by 2008, and we have ways of getting there. We may have to do it in conference. I think the Levin amendment is going to be important at this point to go ahead and get us in the right posture in conference, and I commit to everyone that I will work to achieve that goal that both of us want.  I yield the floor.  