President, I have been listening to the Senator from Kansas. He makes eminent sense. He demonstrates a frustration that we have been living through now for certainly the last 10 years.  He mentioned the Missile Defense Act of 1999. There was an act that was passed. It was passed by a huge margin, and certainly was a veto-proof margin, so the President did sign it. But then, after that, we did not comply with the act. We have been living since--that was signed in 1999--outside the law in terms of taking the action to deploy ``as soon as technologically possible.'' I think the excuse that was used at that time was the ABM Treaty. I am very thankful that finally we have crossed that bridge and we have gotten that behind us.  I have often looked back to 1972--and of course that was a Republican administration, and I am a Republican--when we had Henry Kissinger. And at that time they said: There are two superpowers, the Soviet Union and the United States of America. The whole thrust of that was mutually assured destruction. You won't protect yourself; we won't protect ourselves. You shoot us, we will shoot you, and everybody dies, and everybody is happy.  That was a philosophy that everybody believed at that time. That was not the world of today. Sometimes I look wistfully back to the cold war. We had two superpowers. At least there was predictability. We knew what they thought and what their capabilities were. That is not true today. We have a totally different world.  Even Henry Kissinger, who was the architect of that plan, in 1996, said it is nuts to make a virtue out of our vulnerability. That is exactly what we have been doing.  I regretted each time President Clinton vetoed the Defense authorization bill. I remember the veto message. It said: I will continue to veto any authorization bill or any bill that has money in it for a threat that does not exist--implying, of course, that the threat did not exist: A nuclear weapon, a warhead being carried by missile, hitting the United States of America. That was in 1995, his first veto.  Yet when we tried to get our intelligence to come up with some accuracy as to when the threat would exist, the National Intelligence Estimate of 1995 was highly politicized and said we were not going to have this threat for another 15 years. At that very time our American cities were targeted by Chinese missiles. At that time, of course, that was classified. It is not classified anymore. The threat, nonetheless, was there.  I share the frustration of my friend from Kansas. I have 4 kids and 11 grandkids. I look at the threat that is out there. I was very pleased when the Rumsfeld commission established, in 1997, that the threat was very real, the threat was imminent, and the long-range threat could emerge without warning.  I was, as the years went by, trying to get some information to shock this institution and other institutions into the reality that the threat was imminent.  I recall writing a letter to General Henry Shelton, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and asking him if he agreed with the Rumsfeld recommendations. He said the rogue state threat was unlikely, and he was confident the intelligence would give us at least 3 years' warning. This was at a time when we also included in this letter: Would you tell us when you think North Korea would have the capability of having a multiple-stage rocket? He said that that would be in the years to come. That was August 24, 1998. Seven days later, on August 31, 1998, North Korea launched a three-stage rocket that had the capability of reaching the United States of America.  So all of that is going on right now. All of that has been happening. We are finally at the point where we are going to vote on something--the missile defense capability was taken out of the Defense authorization bill, and now we have an opportunity to put it back. Singularly, this is the most important vote of this entire year, giving us this capability to meet this threat that is out there.  When I talk to groups, I quite often say--particularly when there are young people in the audience--I would like to see a show of hands as to how many of you saw the movie ``Thirteen Days.'' Of course, most of them saw it. I saw it. It was about the Cuban missile crisis in the early 1960s, how the Kennedy administration was able to get us out of that mess. All of a sudden we woke up one morning and found out cities were targeted by missiles, and we had no missile defense.  In a way, the threat that faces us today is far greater than it was back in the 1960s because at least that was all from one island that you could take out, I believe, in 22 minutes. Now we are talking about missiles that are halfway around the world that, if deployed, would take some 35 minutes toget here. And we do not have anything in our arsenal--we are naked--to knock them down. That is the threat we are faced with today. It is out there, and it is a very real threat.  I often think about September 11 and the tragedy of the skyline of New York City when the planes came into the World Trade Center. It was a very sad day in our country's history. But I thought, what if that had been, instead of two airplanes in New York City, the weapon of choice of terrorists--in other words, a nuclear warhead on a missile. If that had been the case, then there would be nothing left in that picture of the skyline but a piece of charcoal, and we would not be talking about 2,000 lives; we would be talking about 2 million lives. It sounds extreme to talk this way, but that is the situation we are faced with right now.  When you say, well, of course China is not going to do this, North Korea is not going to do this, and Russia is not going to do this--they are the ones that have a missile that can reach us--let's stop and realize--and it is not even classified--that China today is trading technology and trading systems with countries such as Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon, so it does not have to be indigenous to be a threat. The threat is there whether they buy a system from someone else or whether they make it themselves.  After the Persian Gulf war, Saddam Hussein said: If we had waited 10 years to go into Kuwait, the Americans would not have come to their aid because we would have had a missile to reach the United States of America.  I suggest to you here it is, 10 years later. The threat is imminent. We are way past due in doing something about it. Today is a significant day when we can set out to do that, something that would defend America. That is the primary function of what Government is supposed to be doing. We have an opportunity to do that today.  So I encourage all my colleagues, for the sake of all of their people whom they represent back home, and for the sake of my 4 kids and my 11 grandkids, let's get this thing started and pass the Warner amendment.  I yield the floor.  