President, I would like to thank Senators Byrd, Stevens, Shelby, and Murray for their help in providing the necessary funding for the repair and reconstruction of the Arkansas River bridge on Interstate 40 which was hit by a barge on the morning of May 26. As my colleagues are aware, the accident caused a catastrophic failure of the bridge structure and resulted in several sections of the bridge collapsing. Tragically, 14 lives were lost before the traffic crossing the bridge was stopped.  Interstate 40 is a major east-west route for personal vehicle traffic as well as commercial trucking. According to the American Trucking Association, approximately 40% of the traffic on I-40 each day is trucks. The estimated cost to just the trucks delayed by the detour is estamated by ATA to be $480,000 per day. That does not even consider the cost to passenger traffic as a result of the delay. Lengthy travel delays are exaggerated by the fact that the immediate area around the bridge is rural and alternate routes are only two lanes.  According to transportation statistics, the chances of an accident occurring on a narrow two lane road is double when compared to a four lane divided highway. Complicating that of course is the added problem of the increased truck traffic.  Mr. President, we are facing not only a major east-west traffic disruption and all the corresponding economic consequences, but the elements are in place for a serious safety hazard. The potential for further loss of life cannot be overstated.  It is because of these reasons that I was happy to work with the Appropriation committee in securing the emergency spending for Oklahoma to reconstruct the bridge.  This reconstruction is eligible for reimbursement under the Emergency Relief program with the Federal Highway Administration. Unfortunately, that program has a $108 million backlog which means that Oklahoma could not reasonably expect to be reimbursed in a timely manner. Because Oklahoma highway resources are fully committed, it would be impossible to get the repairs on the bridge done quickly if they could not on a quick reimbursement. This language addresses not only the Oklahoma emergency but also the backlog of existing needs in the Emergency Relief program.  I see my Colleagues, Senator Nickles is also wanting to speak on this, so I yield the floor to him.  