 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, first I would like to thank my colleagues for allowing me to offer the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The legislative intent of this amendment is to increase the funding for the EnergySmart Schools Program administered by the Department of Energy by $1,000,000, offset by a reduction in administrative expenses for the Department of Energy's public affairs department. It is the intent of this amendment that the increased funds for the EnergySmart Schools program will be directly administered and the grants be directly made by the DOE's National Renewable Energy Laboratory and that they will not go through a third part. I am aware that the public affairs department of the DOE has received an increase of $1,000,000 above Fiscal Year 2005 funding and it is the intent of this amendment to return the funding for the public affairs department to the Fiscal Year 2005 level.  Mr. Chairman, our Nation's school systems are in crisis. Their budgets are threadbare and most can barely pay their teachers a living wage. To make matters worse, America's school buildings are aging--the average age is 42 years--and the vast majority could greatly benefit from energy-saving improvements. Unfortunately, school administrators are often hard-pressed to allocate any of their limited funds toward improving the energy efficiency of their buildings and systems, even when it is clear that such improvements would save them substantial sums of money that couldhelp pay their teachers of the future. Fortunately, the Department of Energy has an energy conservation program to help these schools do just that: to implement energy-saving strategies that save money, help children learn about energy and create improved teaching and learning environments.  The Department of Energy's EnergySmart Schools Program--an integral and active part of the Rebuild America program--is committed to building a nation of schools that are smart about every aspect of energy. The program provides information on energy efficient solutions for school bus transportation, conducting successful building projects and teaching about energy, energy efficiency, and renewable energy. It also works with school districts to introduce energy-saving improvements to the physical environment, enabling many schools to leverage their energy savings to pay for needed improvements, and it takes a proactive role in promoting and supporting energy education in our schools.  Often, this enables school districts to save big on utility bills and maintenance costs, in turn freeing up funds to pay for books, computers and teachers, and improve indoor air quality and comfort. According to the Department of Energy, nationally, K-12 schools spend more than $6 billion a year on energy and at least 25 percent of that could be saved through smarter energy management, meaning energy improvements could cut the Nation's school bill by $1.5 billion each year. As an added benefit, many of the same improvements that help to lower a school's energy consumption also serve to improve the classroom environment, removing noisy, inefficient heating and cooling systems, inadequate lights, and ventilation systems that don't restrict indoor contaminants.  In short, Mr. Chairman, the EnergySmart Schools program helps our Nation's schools to implement energy-saving strategies that save money, help children learn about energy and create improved teaching and learning environments. My amendment would add $1,000,000 to support this excellent program--offset by a reduction in administrative expenses for the Department of Energy's public affairs department.  