 China is a huge country, with enormous numbers of consumers. Think about the potential market that we are going to have by selling product to China, all the jobs that we are going to be creating. That was the argument.  Well, it turns out I was in China a couple of years ago. We actually met with, I believe the gentleman was the head of Wal-Mart China. We went to Wal-Marts, and we talked to a number of their executives including, I think, the head of Wal-Mart China. Somebody asked a question of them. They said, will you please tell us, we are in your store here, it is a huge store, and in many respects it looks like an American Wal-Mart store.  Somebody asked them, tell me, I am looking around, and I see all of these American products from soaps to basketballs to whatever it is. What percentage of the products here in Wal-Mart China are made in the United States of America and brought to China?  The guy was a little bit sheepish. He really did not want to hear that question. He said 1 percent. Now obviously why would anybody, any large corporation, make a product in the United States and send it to China when you can produce it in China with wages substantially less than they are here.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Let me tell you, I had a container board company in my district, major corporation. They closed it down. They had one candid executive who told the truth. He said, why would anybody make container board in the United States of America any more? The container board is made to package products. The products are all made in China. The container board industry is moving to China so they can make the container board in China for the products made in China to ship back to the United States of America, even basic industries like that.  I mean, it is extraordinary the breadth and the depth of the undermining that is going on here. When you ask them what is your long-term vision, Alan Greenspan, the chief economist hack of the country, likes to say, oh, this shows how much people have faith in us. They will lend us all this money. But then when you say is it sustainable to borrow $600 or $700 billion a year forever.  Well, no, no, no. This is a temporary situation that will be corrected. How is it going to be corrected? If the dollar went to Arrupe, how would it be corrected? It is not going to be corrected through the typical currencies. We are buying everything overseas. The Chinese have basically pegged their currency to ours. No matter how much the dollar goes down the products cost the same. Oil costs more because we are paying for it, and they are raising the price.  The old models of trade do not work any more. But this administration, because it is working well for a very few, for the corporate CEOs and for a few investors, are perpetuating the model to the point where they push America over the final edge. You talked about the CEO of General Electric. The former CEO of Boeing gave a speech where he said he could not wait until Boeing was not referred to as an American company anymore.  Think about it. If our Republican colleagues do not care about the middle class and small business, which they pretty clearly do not by perpetuating these policies, they at least ought to care about their number one thing they are supposedly tough on, national security. So, in 30 years, when we are in confrontation with China, we have no manufacturing base at all left in this country, we do not make airplanes any more. Like the year before, we predicted we would get into a potential conflict with China, say, over Taiwan. We will call them up and ask them to sell us weapons so we can defend ourselves against them.  How is this going to work? They won't need weapons. They have so many of our assets in their bank as of now. When George Bush took the presidency they had $60 billion in U.S. assets. As of the end of last year they had $242 billion of Treasury bonds. They are headed from being number 2 toward being number 1. They will eclipse Japan in a few years as the largest holder of our debt.  All they have to do is threaten to dump our debt on the market and crash the dollar, and they can control the United States of America.  They are putting us so much at jeopardy. If they do not care so much about the middle class, if they do not care about small business, they have to care about the national security implications of this, and the economic security implications of this. But they donot seem to. A few people are doing really well, and they consider themselves sort of stateless people, like the guy who owns a cruise line, who gave up his U.S. citizenship, lives in the U.S. but he took Bahamian citizenship so he would not have to pay taxes any more. He just lives here and all his customers are here. I mean, that is great. What a great model for the American people.  