 Maybe we can just kind of wrap this up by saying this. This is a great, great country, and the concern that many of us have is that despite people working harder and harder, despite new technology being there that makes us more productive, for some of the reasons that we have discussed tonight, and many of the others that we have not discussed, what we are seeing in America is that the middle class is becoming poorer. Millions of American families today desperately want to be able to send their kids to college so that their kids will have a better income and standard of living than they do. They cannot afford to do that. What we are seeing is families being stressed out, because both husbands and wives are working incredible hours in my State in Vermont. It is not uncommon for people to be working two or three jobs trying to cobble together an income.  We did not touch on health care, and the disintegration of our health care system, 46 million Americans without any health insurance whatsoever, tens of millions more who are underinsured, people who are dying because they cannot accord to go to a doctor, and their illnesses become so severe that they are incurable by the time they walk into the doctor's office.  We did not touch on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry, which makes huge contributions to the political profession, mostly to the Republicans, and the result being that we end up paying by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs; and the passage of a Medicare prescription drug bill, which does not allow Medicare and 43 million recipients to negotiate with the drug company, so drug prices will go up and up.  The bottom line here is, in my view, that unless ordinary Americans, middle-class, working people, begin to stand up and fight back to reclaim this country from a handful of wealthy and powerful interests, who are using their power to make themselves wealthier at the expense of almost everybody else, unless we turn that around, the future of this country is not great for our kids and our grandchildren, everything being equal. Our kids will have a lower standard of living than we will.  I would like to let my friend from Oregon conclude.  Mr. DeFAZIO. The new CEO of Delphi said that very plainly. He said 10 bucks an hour. That is the future for manufacturing workers in America. As you mentioned, it will not be very long until they try to put the same squeeze on knowledge-based workers. They have done it to other skilled workers.  Just yesterday Northwest Airlines announced, or was it Continental, whichever one of those is currently in bankruptcy, they are both in bankruptcy. Anyway, one of those two airlines announced that they were going to outsource their flight attendant jobs because they can get cheaper jobs overseas. They want to do the same thing with pilots.  We are outsourcing the maintenance of our airplanes. More than half the heavy maintenance on our airplanes is now done overseas with very little supervision from the FAA. We are losing those jobs, too, because they can get a mechanic for $2 an hour in El Salvador, where they would have to pay a skilled mechanic in the United States of America maybe $25, $30 an hour. They do not want to pay those wages. The race to the bottom is going to end very, very poorly for most Americans. We have got to stop it.  