 Let us be clear about what has happened here in the last 20 years.  Corporate America woke up one day and they said, hmm, why do we have to pay American workers American wages, provide health insurance, negotiate on occasion with unions, obey environmental laws, pay taxes in the United States of America? Why do we have to do that when you have billions of people in China, desperately poor people in Latin America, in other countries, who will work for us for almost nothing? Now, just because we, who are the heads of major corporations that grew grapes here in the United States because of American workers, who became profitable giants because of American consumers, well, we do not have to respect that. We do not owe any allegiance, in fact, to the United States of America. In fact, they say, we are not American corporations. Oh, yes, we are American corporations when we come to D.C. in order to get billions of dollars in corporate welfare from the American taxpayers. Oh, yes, we speak English well, and we are American corporations on those days. But on every other day, if we can throw American workers out on the street, move to China, hire desperate people there at 30 cents an hour, who go to jail if they try to form an independent union, who are breathing air that is highly polluted because the environmental standards are virtually nonexistent, we are international corporations. We are off and running.  And that was clearly what they had in mind at the very beginning of this whole debate on free trade, and that is, in fact, what they have done, and that is, in fact, what they are doing.  From their perspective, what globalization is about is telling an American worker, hey, shape up, fellow, because there are people over there who can work for 10 percent of what you are working for. And if you are not prepared to take cutbacks in health care, cutbacks in wages, give up your pension, we are picking up, we are going to China, and guess what? Because of permanent normal trade relations, which Congress passed, my goodness, they could bring those products back into this country without any tariff whatsoever. We do not need you anymore. So industry after industry, whether it is steel, whether it is furniture, whether it is textiles, whether it is footwear.  In fact, one of the interesting things, Christmas is coming soon, and during Christmastime people do an enormous amount of shopping, and they go to the stores and they look and they try to find products made in the United States of America, and they look and they look and they look. And as Mr. DeFazio mentioned, it is harder and harder to find products manufactured in America, because our corporations have essentially taken our manufacturing base and sent it to China.  As Mr. DeFazio indicated, this is really bad not just for the standard of living for American workers, it is very dangerous for the future of our country in a dozen different respects. How do you defend yourself as a nation in terms of national defense if you are not making products in this country anymore to be used by the military? How are you a great country when you are no longer producing real products, but are now engaged only in service industry-type work?  I yield to the gentleman.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Madam Speaker, I guess this is a little bit of a digression, but it is a case in point. I mean, there is this whole bizarre concept of free trade based on an economist who has been dead over 200 years that only the United States Government, under the tutelage of these multinational corporations is following, much to our detriment.  Our trade deficit this year is headed towards $700 billion. That means we are borrowing almost $2 billion a day from overseas, 40 percent of that from the Chinese, to buy things made in China and other countries that used to be made here. That is not a sustainable model. That ultimately undermines our standard of living. We are piling up huge overseas debts.  But even worse than that, and that is just all under these bizarre theories of free trade, the race to the bottom and all things are a result from that; we are not even really practicing what President Clinton and President Bush are so fond of calling rules-based trade. We are going to have rules. Well, there are rules. The rules say that the Chinese cannot pirate things. Guess what? The Chinese pirate millions of dollars a year worth of U.S. dollars.  The gentleman mentioned furniture. I have a little furniture manufacturer, a high-end furniture manufacturer, in my district. He called me up and said, I have a little trade problem. I thought, that is a little weird, but okay, and I went to visit. Well, it turns out the Chinese delegation came over to look at his plant, they liked his stuff, they offered him more money than he could ever imagine he would ever have to buy his company. The only condition was he had to unbolt all the machines and all the production lines, send 3 managers to China for 6 months, and then they would send him a 20 percent cut for the future. Of course, he would not have workers or a company anymore. He agonized, and he said no.  Well, the Chinese said, okay, fine. They went to Seattle and, from a furniture store there, bought a copy of everything he made, and the next year a Chinese Communist Government-subsidized company produced a clone of everything this company in Oregon makes and were selling it for 40 percent less at the furniture show. That has also happened to a high-tech company in my district.  My staff was in an extraordinary phone call with the Bush administration, the Commerce Department, saying, will you not help these companies fight the piracy? And they said, no, we will not do that. We are not interested. These are the people who cloak themselves with small business, except if the Chinese want to steal the small businesses, that is okay with us. We are not going to do anything about it, because it might upset some of the big deals going on between GM to move all of their manufacturing to China, or Boeing to move all of their manufacturing to China, or IBM; you know, the big companies. So small business gets written off.  So not only are we losing the big manufacturing firms; our small firms, our innovators, are being pirated by the Chinese. The administration will do nothing about it. We are borrowing almost $2 billion a day. This is a crazy thing we are doing to the future of our Nation, and they want to tell us how great it is.  Remember, it was the President's own economic advisor who, in the President's economic report a year ago January, said that outsourcing, that is, exporting U.S. jobs overseas like Delphi or GM or others, is yet just the latest and greatest new manifestation of the advantages of free trade.  