Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yielding me the time and for his decisive action in moving this important legislation through the Committee on Veterans' Affairs and to the House floor.  Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.R. 1663, the National Medal of Honor Memorial Act of 1999, to honor the sacrifice and bravery of 3,417 Medal of Honor recipients. The Medal of Honor is the highest honor given by Congress for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life beyond the call of duty.  H.R. 1663 would designate three sites as National Medal of Honor Memorials, the Riverside National Cemetery memorial in Riverside, California; the White River State Park memorial in Indianapolis, Indiana; and the U.S.S. Yorktown memorial in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.  My bipartisan bill has the Medal of Honor Society's endorsement and does not use taxpayer money for the construction of the three memorial sites. I am also happy to report that the companion legislation to H.R. 1663 has been introduced in the Senate.  I know that the gentlewoman from Indiana (Ms. Carson) and the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Sanford) will speak about the sites within their districts; therefore, I want to speak about my own Riverside National memorial site in Riverside, California.  Riverside National Cemetery is presently the final resting place for two Medal of Honor recipients: Staff Sergeant Ysmael Villegas, United States Army, awarded posthumously for actions in the Philippines; and Commander John Henry Balch, United States Navy, awarded for action in France.  The memorial will name 3,417 Medal of Honor recipients. For each Medal of Honor recipient, an Italian Cyprus tree will be planted. These trees live in excess of 100 years, grow well in southern California, and require minimal maintenance. The monument itself will include a walled area which will surround a pool and a miniature waterfall.  The Riverside memorial site will bring honor to our Medal of Honor recipients in a solemn manner appropriate to its place in a national cemetery. The memorial site will be dedicated in November as the Medal of Honor Society convenes their 1999 convention.  In closing, I wish to encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 1663 and the Medal of Honor Society's mission to serve our country in peace as we did in war, to inspire and stimulate our youth to become worthy citizens of our country, to foster and perpetuate Americanism.  