Speaker, I rise to support passage of this bill. H.R. 1442 will amend the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 to extend authority for transfers to State and local governments of certain property for law enforcement and emergency response purposes.  I introduced H.R. 1442, the Law Enforcement Public Safety Enhancement Act of 1999, to permanently extend the pilot program that has become an important tool for local law enforcement and public safety officials. Without the help, leadership and support of the gentleman from California (Mr. Horn), my good friend from Long Beach, California, chairman of the Subcommittee on Government Management, Information and Technology, this legislation would never have come to the House floor. I owe a debt of gratitude to him for helping to find the offsets necessary for this bill to conform to budgetary constraints.  I would also like to thank the chairman of the Committee on Government Reform as well as the ranking members of the full committee and subcommittee for their efforts.  As we all know, one of the keys to crime prevention is a well-trained local police force and public safety officials. My bill will strengthen law enforcement and emergency management training, while saving these organizations thousands, sometimes millions, of dollars.  When the Federal Government declares real property as a surplus, various local entities may apply for the property on a no-cost basis if they use the property for some valid social purpose. To obtain the excess Federal property, the local entity must apply to a Federal agency to sponsor the no-cost transfer. My bill would permanently extend this 2-year-old authority to allow local agencies the ability to apply for surplus property at no cost for the purpose of law enforcement and emergency response training.  Due to the efforts of the Riverside, California, Sheriff's Department to create a comprehensive multijurisdictional training center, the need for this legislation became clear. In 1997, Congress passed legislation to create a 2-year pilot program to allow the Department of Justice and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to sponsor local law enforcement and emergency management response entities for a no cost transfer. The results of this 2-year program are startling. Twenty-one separate local agencies in 11 States applied for this program. Their applications are in various stages of the process. Without this legislation, these projects will be stopped in their tracks.  I would like to encourage all of my colleagues to support this pro-law enforcement legislation and give back tothe men and women that battle on our streets every day.  