Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, the chairman of the Committee on Science, for yielding me this time.  As chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Environment of the Committee on Science, I am pleased we are considering H.R. 1753, the Gas Hydrates Research and Development Act of 1999. My friend and colleague on the subcommittee, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Doyle), introduced H.R. 1753, which we marked up and passed by a voice vote on May 12. I am happy to report the final version was approved overwhelmingly by the full committee on September 9.  Mr. Speaker, I have the distinct pleasure of serving on both the House Committee on Science and the Committee on Resources, which shared jurisdiction on this bill, and I would like to thank my friends on the Committee on Resources for all their hard work in getting H.R. 1753 to the floor.  I especially would like to thank the chairman, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), and the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. Cubin), who now ably chairs the subcommittee which I once chaired and whose willingness to work with me and the chairman of the Committee on Science on this important piece of legislation is much appreciated. I also again would like to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Costello), who worked hard to make sure that this bill moved forward.  Gas hydrates, as has been described here earlier, are an ice-like substance found in the undersea sediment in the Arctic permafrost and other locations throughout the world. These hydrates one day will provide an abundant supply of clean natural gas if we can only figure out a way to get it out. So that is what this is all about. Much more research is needed before we can attain that goal, and 1753 brings us closer to the day when we can safely and effectively begin to use this abundant new source of energy.  This legislation will make funds available to continue the research into extracting this clean and bountiful source of potential energy gas hydrates. It also seeks to better coordinate research between the Department of Energy, the U.S. Geological Survey, and the United States Navy.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation which will help secure our energy future.  