Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  I would like to state my opposition to this amendment, and I would encourage my colleagues to vote against it.  I extend my full support for the sensible NASA Authorization Act before us today and I would like to commend the hard work and leadership of the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher).  With their guidance and support, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), as well as the gentleman from California (Mr. Brown), the ranking member of the Committee on Science, and my good friend the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Gordon), a member of the Subcommittee on Space, I believe we have a sound bill that will advance scientific research, promote commercial and privatized space efforts, and ensure the United States' role as a preeminent player in the international space community.  I would like to especially commend the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) for maintaining strict oversight throughout the International Space Station program and rightly criticizing the participation by the Russian Space Agency for some of the inefficiencies that certainly they have been involved in.  I am satisfied that this bill has been stripped of pet projects that would take away resources for critical scientific research and development. By increasing the total level of funding above the President's request, while at the same time ensuring that NASA continues to streamline and modernize their operations, I am confident that this bill will allow NASA to focus funding on advanced space research and activities.  I believe this bill addresses NASA's critical priorities, such as space science, life and microgravity sciences, advanced space transportation technology, space shuttle safety and performance upgrades and numerous education programs. By opposing thisamendment we are continuing the scientific integrity of this important legislation.  I urge all of my colleagues to support the NASA Authorization Act and to oppose efforts which would burden NASA by adding unnecessary and wasteful projects to this bill.  