George Brown. I am a conservative. George was an unabashed liberal. We were opposites in this business. But most importantly, George was my friend. I certainly put forth my sympathy to the family, Marta, everyone that is here today.  I have got to talk about my first memory of George Brown. I was in our family restaurant in Corona, California. George was our Congressman. I think I was probably 11 years old or so at the time. He was sitting there with my father having a drink and smoking a cigar, arguing the issues of the day, very passionately. George was a very passionate person, someone who believed very strongly in what he believed in and would advocate those issues and beliefs very ably here on the floor.  As I mentioned, he was my Member of Congress since I was a young boy and all through high school. As a young Republican campaigning for people against George in the early days, I remember one time George giving me a call one time and we had an opponent running against him. He called me up and he said, ``Can you get that guy to run against me one more time?'' He always had a sense of humor. He always participated in debates.  I have got to admit, one time we had a debate and he came up to the podium, and he looked over at the audience and he said, ``Look. I'm overweight, I probably smoke too much, I don't dress as well as I should.'' Everybody looked at him aghast. He looked over at his opponent and said, ``I just thought I'd point that out before my opponent did.''  He had a great way about him. He endeared himself to all of us. George, most importantly, was known for the business that he conducted here in the House. Certainly he was a chairman of the Committee on Science, was known as Mr. Science. He had a deep love ofscience and the institutional framework for science and technology in this government.  In the mid 1960s and again in the 1980s, he led an effort to restructure and strengthen the National Science Foundation, moving the agency into a much more active role in engineering, science education and the development of advanced technologies. He developed legislation shaping the permanent science advisory mechanism in the Executive Office of the President, which was established in 1976 as the Office of Science and Technology Policy. He was a strong proponent of environmental preservation and of science and technology in the service of society.  I would like to think that George would be very interested in what we are trying to do in technology advancement for clean air, especially as regards components such as sulfur and other issues that we are advocating today in this House.  George championed the establishment of the EPA and the Office of Technology Assessment in the early 1970s. He helped advance initiatives for energy and resource conservation, sustainable agriculture, national information systems, advanced technology development, and just so much more in the integration of technology in education.  He enthusiastically supported both manned and unmanned space exploration. What an advocate on the floor. We worked together as Californians for the space program and he was an excellent advocate for space. His reputation on the Committee on Science helped him bring NASA participation and support for schools and businesses throughout the Nation and his district.  On a personal level, we put together a Salton Sea Advisory Committee. Five of us originally, myself, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lewis), Sonny Bono, George, and the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter). I remember one meeting that we had in Sonny Bono's office, this was in December, just before Christmas, we were all talking about what we were going to do to save the Salton Sea. This was something that was so passionate to George. He loved the sea. He was raised there by the sea, in Imperial County, and wanted to see something done for future generations for the sea and for the environment around the sea.  Shortly thereafter, Sonny was gone, and now George. So two out of the five original members of the Salton Sea Advisory Committee are gone. But now we have new Members. Mary Bono is working hard to see the future of the sea and the rest of us. It is, I think, our responsibility in George's memory to make sure that we do the right thing and to make sure that the Salton Sea is something that everyone has a pleasant memory of in the future.  In his memory, we are renaming the Salinity Laboratory on the UCR campus the George Brown Salinity Laboratory. It is just one small example of his work but one that really shows his devotion to science and his love of what we are trying to do in this country to make it a better country for all of us as Americans.  Mr. Speaker, with that I would like to say I am going to miss George, I am going to miss seeing George right over here on the House floor on a daily basis and going over and having our daily chats, chitchatting about what is going on at home in the Inland Empire and working with him to make the Inland Empire a better place. But I will work hard to make our area a better place for our constituents. It is going to be more difficult without George.  