Speaker, I rise today to participate in this historic debate on the tragic situation in the Balkan region. We find ourselves in a disturbing conflict, and I believe the public is concerned about our long term strategy.  The President and the Secretary of Defense have recently begun a call to duty of more than 33,000 reservists and National Guardsmen. Each one of us here represents men and women that could be called to fight in the Balkans. I am confident that these men and women will represent our country well. This conflict in the Balkans has been generally viewed by my constituents as a mostly international issue taking place in areas that are unknown and unfamiliar to many of us. However, the recent call up of reservists and National Guardsmen has hit my district square in the heart, since it could involve the potential deployment of the National Guard and Air Force Reserve components stationed at March Air Reserve Base.  I am very proud of the efforts by our military personnel. Although this is the longest and largest such campaign in which no American lives have been lost, chances are this may not continue. The credit for this extraordinary accomplishment should be placed on the shoulders of our American and allied troops. These brave men and women deserve our praise. Let me take this opportunity to extend enormous gratitude from myself and everyone living within the 43rd District of California for the job and effort of our troops.  As proud as I am of our troops, I am concerned that the President has not done enough to involve Congress in the decision-making process throughout the Balkans crisis. Still today, Congress has not been advised on the exit strategy once hostilities have ceased. Yet, at the same time, this President is asking Congress for additional funds for this campaign. Mr. Speaker, I hope the President will begin to involve Congress.  I have every confidence that our men and women will do their jobs. I do not have confidence that they will have the material support that they deserve over the long haul. That is why we desperately need to pass a large defense supplemental bill to make up for previous years of inadequate defense requests from this administration.  I have voted today to reserve the decision to start any ground war to Congress, where it belongs. I have also voted against the extremes of media withdrawal and declaring war. Authorizing the air war merely recognizes reality--a reality which Congress must monitor daily so that the will and interests of the American people are reflected in our foreign policy.  