Speaker, I rise today on the sad occasion of the recent loss of a great American hero. Pete Conrad truly embodied our Nation's preeminence in space exploration and the progress of our Nation's space program.  As a lifetime fan of space exploration, I have been inspired by Captain Conrad's achievements in space and devotion to building America's space program.  I recently had the honor of meeting this great man, a brief meeting that I will never forget. In the short amount of time we spent together, I sensed the passion and dedication he held for our Nation's space program. As I shook his hand to say goodbye, I knew that I had just met a true American hero.  Captain Conrad's memorable career as an astronaut is very well documented. He was the third man to walk on the Moon. He was aboard four missions to space. He set numerous records for space travel, including the endurance record for an individual in space and the world space altitude record. His achievements helped pave the way for our Nation's success in space exploration, which have recently included the early stages of the International Space Station and the successful mission to Mars.  For these heroic efforts, he received the Congressional Space Medal of Honor among his other distinguished career awards and medals.  Not so well known, however, were his activities following his retirement from NASA and the Navy. Pete Conrad continued his dedication to our Nation's space program by promoting America's commercial activities in space.  Throughout his 20-year career at McDonnell Douglas, Captain Conrad led many efforts to advance our Nation's emergence in space exploration. During this time, he earned the reputation as a leader in private space industry. More recently, through his establishment of a group of companies called the Universal Space Lines, Captain Conrad continued his activities to ensure that America would remain the preeminent Nation in space.  The continued development of commercial activities in space will be the lasting memory of Captain Conrad.  I believe Pete Conrad was intricately responsible for our Nation's long-standing posture as a leader in space. As we develop commercial space activities and benefit from them, we should remember that without the leadership, dedication, bravery, and ingenuity of Captain Pete Conrad, these would not have been possible.  I send my condolences to Pete's family, friends, associates.  Pete, thank you for inspiring me and our entire Nation.  When I think of Pete's lifetime achievements, I get inspired to gleefully exclaim the first word he spoke as he took his first step on the Moon: ``Whoopee'' .  Godspeed, Pete. I will remember you always.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher).  