I actually am a small business person and have run small businesses in the past. I think I have a pretty good understanding of what happens in America.  I am kind of shocked to find out that we are going to have to increase the amount of paperwork that small businesses are obligated to do in order to save America as we know it. I did not know that the minority in the administration are predisposed to the idea that all businessmen are criminals, or that we want to destroy the environment or contaminate America's food supply. I always thought the small businessmen in this country were honest, hardworking men; we try to do the best thing, we get up every morning, we make the payroll, we work hard. We do the things that are necessary to keep this country on track.  Fifty-three percent of the private workforce in this country are represented by the small business people, or are hired by small business people, not just large companies. I would agree with the gentleman that 1,500 employees is a pretty good-sized company, but I did not have that many employees. I had less than 100. I would define that as a small business.  It is tough out there. It is tough to meet all the requirements that are put upon us every single day. So not only am I here to support this gentleman in his legislation, but enthusiastically support it. It amounted to over 7 billion man-hours a year to complete paperwork in 1998, a cost of $229 billion annually to businesses. It accounts for one-third of regulatory costs in America.  What is wrong with trying to have more efficient operations of the United States government? Do we want more government? Do we want more paperwork? Do we want more bureaucracy? I do not think so. This is an opportunity for us to do a small, little bit to cut back on the costs and the burdensome regulations that are placed on businesses every day.  I do not understand why the minority is opposed to this. I guess I do. I guess they want more paperwork and more regulatory costs. But I certainly cannot support that. I am happy to be here to support the gentleman on this good piece of legislation.  