Chairman, I would like to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) and the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Science, for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, as the subcommittee Chair and author of this legislation, I am proud to speak in support of H.R. 1553. H.R. 1553 authorizes funding for the National Weather Service's atmospheric research, NOAA's environmental satellite data information service.  I am pleased to say that the Committee on Science reported this bill by voice vote. It was a tremendous display of how much can be accomplished when we work together in a bipartisan fashion.  Before I go on, I would like to thank the chairman, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), for his hard work and leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. I would also like to thank the ranking minority memberof the Subcommittee on Energy and Environment and my good friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Costello), for his leadership on his side of the aisle. While we do not always see eye to eye, I would think it is safe to say we do agree on the importance of passing H.R. 1553.  The National Weather Service plays an important part in protecting the public. The recent violent tornadoes in Oklahoma and Texas demonstrated how important advanced warning can be. Lives were tragically lost. I am afraid that the toll would have been much, much higher if there had not been advance warning given by the National Weather Service. This is just one of many examples of the important, sometimes lifesaving, services provided in the funding of this bill.  The bill funds NOAA's satellite programs at a level consistent with the administration's request. Satellites play a critical role in weather forecasting, as well as providing important environmental data. NOAA plans an ambitious launch schedule over the next decade or so which will not only improve coverage but will also improve satellite data acquisition capabilities.  H.R. 1553 also authorizes funding for NOAA's Office of Atmospheric Research. It is important that we have a clear understanding of how the atmosphere works so that we can better understand the weather and determine if global climate change is in fact occurring. H.R. 1553 continues the committee's tradition of strong support for atmospheric sciences.  Just a quick aside: I woke up this past Saturday morning to read a front page story detailing a crucial court decision overturning EPA's thoughts on P/M and ozone standards. The Court's decision noted that the agency had far exceeded its legal authority and based the regulation on science that was proven to be potentially unsound.  The reason I bring this matter up today in the context of H.R. 1553 is that I have always been a strong proponent of moving the EPA science mission to a nonregulatory governmental body. In my mind, NOAA would be a natural choice. In the light of the court decision, I plan to hold a hearing on the subject of P/M and ozone regulations. This will build on the bipartisan series of three hearings held by the Subcommittee on Energy and Environment last year.  I would like to conclude by saying H.R. 1553 will protect public safety, maintain state-of-the-art scientific research and facilities without busting the budget or raiding the Social Security Trust Fund. This is good legislation. I encourage all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important bill.  