Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Science, for yielding me this time.  I would like to recognize also the efforts of my close friend, colleague and neighbor in California George Brown, who recently passed away, for all of his efforts on the Committee on Science and we certainly miss him.  Mr. Chairman, as the chair of the Subcommittee on Energy and Environment of the Committee on Science and the author of this legislation, I am proud to speak in support of H.R. 1655.  My bill, H.R. 1655, authorizes civilian energy and scientific research, development, demonstration and related commercial applications of energy technology at the Department of Energy for fiscal years 2000 and 2001.  But before I go on, I would like to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his hard work and leadership in bringing this important bill to the floor and certainly congratulate the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hall) taking over as the ranking member and also thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Costello), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy and Environment for his leadership on his side of the aisle. While we do not always agree on the issues at hand, we certainly agree it is very important to pass H.R. 1655 before 2:45 this afternoon.  Without getting into the statistics of this, we increase outlays for various renewable energy and other types of technology, certainly nuclear which is necessary, core scientific research, including high-energy physics and fusion energy. The budget funds these areas of big science that legitimately are in need of basic government support. It breathes new life into the fusion energy sciences program which has been struggling to stay afloat for a long, long time.  I believe that H.R. 1655 promotes the committee's priorities for the future. The bill provides strong support for solar and renewable energy and nuclear power R that is critical to the United States. I am happy to support this. This is a tremendous display of how much can be accomplished when we work in a bipartisan fashion.  I ask my colleagues for their support on this important authorization bill.  