Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment.  I want to thank Mr. Calvert and his committee for the work they have done on this legislation, and I support the underlying bill. The administration has left no alternative to the people of Alaska and to those with an interest in our national energy policy.  This spring, under this President, the Department of the Interior published the management plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to recommend the entirety of the area be designated as wilderness. This would include the 1002 area that was set aside by Congress for potential development in the future, an area that holds 10 billion barrels of oil, at the minimum, and probably 37 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.  My amendment would ensure that no funding can be spent implementing this recommendation. The impact of this recommendation should not be overlooked, as the recommendation requires immediate management of the entire area as wilderness--unilaterally undermining the role of Congress through a de facto wilderness designation.  This action violates the Statehood Compact, which was founded on ensuring the development of subsurface resources for the economic well-being of this Nation. This action also violates the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, which established more than 100 million acres of conservation areas. And in recognition of the enormity of the acreage being locked up, the act drew a line guaranteeing that no more conservation areas can be created without an act of Congress--our role.  There is no need for additional wilderness areas in ANWR, given 92 percent of the refuge is already closed to development.  Mr. Chairman, Alaska holds 53 percent of Federal wilderness areas in the Nation, and that is not enough for this administration. You think about that a moment. The administration's plan immediately raises another administrative, bureaucratic wall to oil and gas development. This is a betrayal to the Alaskan people and, I believe, to this Nation and to this Congress. This plan by the administration handcuffs my State from providing for itself and pushes us to be more dependent on Federal funds.  This is not just an assault on Alaska. This is another example of executive overreach by this administration undermining the role of Congress. This is our role, not this administration's. I don't care whose administration it is; when the President oversteps his bounds, we should take and accept our responsibility. And this is the law he cannot do, but he says ``I can do it.''  By the way, Mr. Chairman, this was an example, I think, of this whole Department of the Interior. Between EPA and the Department of the Interior, they are trying to cripple this Nation, trying to cripple my State, against the law. This is very specific in ANILCA. If you don't believe me, go back and read it.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment offered by my friend from Alaska would prohibit any Federal funds from being used to implement the administration's revised comprehensive conservation plan to better sustain and manage the entire Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  Mr. Chairman, attaching this rider to the Interior Appropriations bill would be a mistake. The coastal plain of the Arctic refuge is one of the few remaining places in our Nation that remains pristine and undisturbed. It provides critical protection for thousands of species--caribou, polar bear, and gray wolves, just to name a few--and they desperately need this important habitat. Roughly 20 million acres managed by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are some of the best and last undisturbed natural areas in this Nation.  I understand that the gentleman from Alaska feels strongly about this issue, and he has been a great advocate for his State for decades; but on this important issue, we deeply disagree.  Mr. Chairman, earlier this year, the Interior Department released an updated conservation plan to better manage the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and the President took that opportunity to call on Congress to pass legislation designating the coastal plain as a wilderness, an even greater level of protection for this incredible area. The protected area encompasses a wide range of Arctic and subarctic ecosystems. There are unadulterated landforms, and there are native flora and fauna. The refuge has an incredible biological integrity, natural diversity, and environmental health.  I understand that there are differences of opinion how to manage this land and that legislation designated in this area as wilderness may not get very far in this Congress. But I want to commend the President for his leadership on this issue, and I would hope that the legislative process could play out and that we not adopt this rider onto this bill because this issue is just far too important.  Lastly, Mr. Chairman, I would be remiss if I did not point out one more obvious truth: the President will not sign a bill loaded up with antienvironmental riders just like this one. So we only make the path for the bill harder by including it.  Mr. Chairman, I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing it, and I yield back the balance of my time.  