Mr. Chair, I am very proud of this bill, and I am a sponsor of this bill, and no one is lining my pockets. I resent that comment. I am thinking of the United States of America and how we are importing these 31 known minerals and the process that we have to go through to mine our own natural resources in our great Nation.  It impedes our capability to be secure, regardless of what one might say. You just don't do this overnight. You have to have time to develop, especially the rare earths. The rest of the minerals we are importing using outside people, countries to import those products from, which we live with. We have people in this Congress and across this place who say we don't need it. We have to follow the example.  By the way, if a miner tries to develop a mine, you have to go through so many different permits; and then when you get done, guess what we have. The lawyers from the big, big environmental organizations like the Safari Club, Sierra Club, and Friends of the Earth, all 58 different groups, file suit by a legal body that impedes the progress for this Nation.  We cannot continue to import all which we need to have this living style we have today, yet that is what a lot of people on that side of the aisle insist upon.  This is a good bill. Mr. Amodei thought about this bill. How do we retain our security? But more than that, how do we keep jobs within the United States? His comment is ``made in the United States by resources mined in the United States.'' That is what we should be looking at as this Congress instead of following, I call it, the blind piper: We don't need to drill our oil; we will buy it from abroad. We don't need to mine our minerals; we will buy it from abroad. And, by the way, we will ship our jobs overseas, and we will be further in debt $18 trillion.  We need our resources. That is what made this Nation great. Everything in this room, in these hallowed Halls, this body came from the earth. It was mined, it was cut, it was manufactured from the earth. Why should we buy it from abroad?  Let's be American. Let's mine for our resources. Let's cut our trees for our resources. Let's build our resources. As it says right up there: ``Let us use our resources God has given for the benefit of mankind.'' If we don't do that, we are abusing the job we have here.  