Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This has been a good debate. Of course, I brought this bill to the floor on behalf of the mostly unanimous Arizona delegation. My role in this is that I am, in fact, the prime author of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act itself.  I would suggest that what is being proposed here and the opposition to it, H.R. 308 does not affect land into trust and is a temporary halt. All this bill does is stop the opening of this casino, which they did, I believe, under the guise of dishonesty to the general public. Promises made, promises kept.  When the Governor and all the tribes, including the Tohono O'odham Tribe, agreed and signed a compact not to expand gambling in the State of Arizona, as they were doing so, in signing the compact, they were in preparations to buy this land, not telling anybody, not acknowledging or thinking of another casino. At least they should have had the courage and the guts not to sign the compact.  It went to the public. Promises made to the public. It would never have passed. Gambling in Arizona would not be there if they did not have this understanding there would be no expansion.  Now we have a group--and don't talk about greed, et cetera. There are people in that group who are just as greedy, trying to take and establish a gambling place where they said they wouldn't do it. That was the compact. That was the understanding with the State. That was the State legislative body.  Then we hear on the other side we can't vote for this because it is going to take jobs away. Away from whom? Other Natives. Other American Indians.  Remember, these casinos were built on a platform, a model of how many people go in and how many people come out. That is how you make these casinos pay, and that was the understanding and the plan that all the tribes agreed to. They all signed it, and we have documentation of that.  It was voted on by the general public because the general public did not want an expansion of gambling within the State of Arizona. It passed in good faith, but the faith was not that good. It was not the spirit and intent of the Indian Gaming Act at all. It broke the compact with the State and the people of the State. That is what we have to think about.  There is a factor here that was not exposed during the conference and in negotiating with the State and with the tribes. It was not exposed yet. It was taking place, not in sincerity but, in fact, in dishonesty.  I don't like to get involved in these tribal wars, but what is being encouraged here is wrong with that compact. The promise made by the people for the people and with the people and with the tribes, and you are asking us not to stop that.  This is a good piece of legislation to make sure a dishonest act does not take place. A breaking of a promise while you are holding your hand behind your back with your fingers crossed when you have the other hand up swearing, that is what occurred.  So I am asking my colleagues to listen to the Arizona delegation and the Governor. I am asking my colleagues to think about a promise made should be kept and only the Congress will make sure it is kept.  I yield back the balance of my time.  