Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 46, strike lines 5 through 9 and insert the following:       ``(4) The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, when      hiring individuals to collect information regarding marine      recreational fishing under this subsection, give preference      to students studying fisheries conservation and management,      water resource issues, or other relevant subjects at an      institution of higher education in the United States.''.       Page 46, beginning at line 19, strike ``Regional Fishery''      and all that follows through line 22 and insert ``the South      Atlantic Fishery Management Council and Gulf of Mexico      Fishery Management Council on criteria that''.       Page 47, after line 22, insert the following:     SEC. __. REQUIREMENTS FOR LIMITED ACCESS PRIVILEGES.       Section 3303A(c)(1)(G) (16 U.S.C. 1853a(c)(1)(G)) is      amended to read as follows:       ``(G) include provisions for a formal and detailed review 5      years after the implementation of the program, and thereafter      the regular monitoring and review by the Council and the      Secretary of the operations and impacts of the program, to      coincide with scheduled Council review of the relevant      fishery management plan (but no less frequently than once      every 7 years) including--       ``(i) determining progress in meeting the goals of the      program and this Act;       ``(ii) delineating the positive and negative economic      effects of the program on fishermen and processors who are      part of the program and the coastal communities in which they      reside; and       ``(iii) any necessary modification of the program to meet      those goals, including a formal schedule for action to be      taken within 2 years;''.     SEC. __. HEALTHY FISHERIES THROUGH BETTER SCIENCE.       (a) Definition of Stock Assessment.--Section 3 (16 U.S.C.      1802), as amended by section 23(a) of this Act, is further      amended by redesignating the paragraphs after paragraph (42)      in order as paragraphs (44) through (53), and by inserting      after paragraph (42) the following:       ``(43) The term `stock assessment' means an evaluation of      the past, present, and future status of a stock of fish, that      includes--       ``(A) a range of life history characteristics for such      stock, including--       ``(i) the geographical boundaries of such stock; and       ``(ii) information on age, growth, natural mortality,      sexual maturity and reproduction, feeding habits, and habitat      preferences of such stock; and       ``(B) fishing for the stock.''.       (b) Stock Assessment Plan.--       (1) In general.--Section 404 (16 U.S.C. 1881c), as amended      by section 10(d) of this Act, is further amended by adding at      the end the following:       ``(f) Stock Assessment Plan.--       ``(1) In general.--The Secretary shall develop and publish      in the Federal Register, on the same schedule as required for      the strategic plan required under subsection (b) of this      section, a plan to conduct stock assessments for all stocks      of fish for which a fishery management plan is in effect      under this Act.       ``(2) Contents.--The plan shall--       ``(A) for each stock of fish for which a stock assessment      has previously been conducted--       ``(i) establish a schedule for updating the stock      assessment that is reasonable given the biology and      characteristics of the stock; and       ``(ii) subject to the availability of appropriations,      require completion of a new stock assessment, or an update of      the most recent stock assessment--       ``(I) every 5 years; or       ``(II) within such other time period specified and      justified by the Secretary in the plan;       ``(B) for each stock of fish for which a stock assessment      has not previously been conducted--       ``(i) establish a schedule for conducting an initial stock      assessment that is reasonable given the biology and      characteristics of the stock; and       ``(ii) subject to the availability of appropriations,      require completion of the initial stock assessment within 3      years after the plan is published in the Federal Register      unless another time period is specified and justified by the      Secretary in the plan; and       ``(C) identify data and analysis, especially concerning      recreational fishing, that, if available, would reduce      uncertainty in and improve the accuracy of future stock      assessments, including whether such data and analysis could      be provided by fishermen, fishing communities, universities,      and research institutions.       ``(3) Waiver of stock assessment requirement.--     Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B)(ii), a stock      assessment is not required for a stock of fish in the plan if      the Secretary determines that such a stock assessment is not      necessary and justifies such determination in the Federal      Register notice required by this subsection.''.       (2) Deadline.--Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of section      404(f) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and      Management Act, as amended by this section, the Secretary of      Commerce shall issue the first stock assessment plan under      such section by not later than 2 years after the date of      enactment of this Act.       (c) Improving Science.--       (1) Incorporation of information from wide variety of      sources.--Section 2(a)(8) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery      Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801) is amended      by adding at the end the following: ``Fisheries management is      most effective when it incorporates information provided by      governmental and nongovernmental sources, including State and      Federal agency staff, fishermen, fishing communities,      universities, and research institutions. As appropriate, such      information should be considered the best scientific      information available and form the basis of conservation and      management measures as required by this Act.''.       (2) Improving data collection and analysis.--Section 404      (16 U.S.C. 1881c), as amended by this section, is further      amended by adding at the end the following:       ``(g) Improving Data Collection and Analysis.--       ``(1) In general.--The Secretary, in consultation with the      Councils acting in reliance on their science and statistical      committees established under section 302(g), shall develop      and publish in the Federal Register guidelines that will      facilitate greater incorporation of data, analysis, and stock      assessments from nongovernmental sources, including      fishermen, fishing communities, universities, and research      institutions, into fisheries management decisions.       ``(2) Content.--The guidelines shall--       ``(A) identify types of data and analysis, especially      concerning recreational fishing, that can be reliably used as      the basis for establishing conservation and management      measures as required by section 303(a)(1), including setting      standards for the collection and use of such data and      analysis in stock assessments and for other purposes; and       ``(B) provide specific guidance for collecting data and      performing analyses identified as necessary to reduce the      uncertainty referred to in section 404(f)(2)(C).       ``(3) Acceptance and use of data and analyses.--The      Secretary and Regional Fishery Management Councils shall--       ``(A) use all data and analyses that meet the guidelines      published under paragraph (1) as the best scientific      information available for purposes of this Act in fisheries      management decisions, unless otherwise determined by the      science and statistical committee of the Councils established      pursuant to section 302(g) of the Act; and       ``(B) explain in the Federal Register notice announcing the      fishery management decision how such data and analyses have      been used to establish conservation and management      measures.''.       (3) Deadline.--The Secretary of Commerce shall develop and      publish guidelines under the amendment made by paragraph (2)      by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this      Act.       (d) Cost Reduction Report.--Within 1 year after the date of      enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in      consultation with the Regional Fishery Management Councils,      shall submit a report to Congress that, with respect to each      fishery governed by a fishery management plan in effect under      the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act      (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.)--       (1) identifies the goals of the applicable programs      governing monitoring and enforcement of fishing that is      subject to such plan;       (2) identifies methods to accomplish those goals, including      human observers, electronic monitoring, and vessel monitoring      systems;       (3) certifies which such methods are most cost-effective      for fishing that is subject to such plan; and       (4) explains why such most-cost-effective methods are not      required, if applicable.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 274, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska.  