Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act, introduced by a bipartisan group of Members from the Arizona delegation, would preserve an Arizona voter-approved gaming compact by prohibiting any Indian casino on land acquired in trust after April 9, 2013, in the Phoenix metropolitan area. This prohibition would expire on January 1, 2027, when the current gaming compact negotiated with the Arizona Governor expires.  This bill helps to resolve public promises that were supposedly made in good faith to the voters in Arizona. In 2002, the voters supported the passage of Proposition 202, which limited the number of tribally owned casinos in the State, and it granted tribes exclusive rights to operate casinos in Arizona.  During the Proposition 202 campaign, a public promise was made by a coalition of 17 Arizona tribes, including the Tohono O'odham Nation, to limit casino gaming in the Phoenix metropolitan area.  Unfortunately, one tribe is on the verge of breaking that commitment and more than a majority of the tribes in the State are upset.  The immediate effect of the bill is to block the TO Nation from opening an off-operation casino in the Phoenix area. As I mentioned, the bill has bipartisan support, including a majorityof the House delegation, the Governor of Arizona, and six of the tribes that took part in the Proposition 202 agreement.  It is important to point out that it is not just Arizona tribes who support this bill. Tribes from other States are very concerned about what is happening in Arizona. They believe a dangerous precedent could be set if this legislation is not signed into law, leading to the expansion of off-reservation casinos.  Today's deliberations are not about stopping one casino or gaming as a whole. The Keep the Promise Act is about protecting the integrity of the State's gaming compact, the future of gaming in Arizona, and, ultimately, the future of Indian gaming in this country.  I would like to thank the gentleman, the cosponsor of this legislation, for his leadership on this bill and on this issue.  I urge my colleagues to pass this bill.  I reserve the balance of my time.  