  During my tenure as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I have made it a top priority to champion bipartisan initiatives to enhance victims' rights and to protect our Nation's at-risk children. In the 115th Congress, as an example, I introduced and led the Senate in approving multiple bills to prevent crime, identify missing children, enhance services to crime victims, and reform our juvenile justice system.  I am proud of what we have achieved on the Judiciary Committee during this period of time, as we sent a half dozen of the measures I just described to the President's desk after both Chambers passed them, surprisingly, on a unanimous basis. For example, last October, we passed, and the President signed, the Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act. This measure, which I sponsored with Senator Blumenthal, increases penalties for the fraudsters who target our senior citizens. It requires Federal agencies to collect more data on financial exploitation of the elderly, which is, of course, a terribly underreported crime. It also calls for specialized training of Federal investigators and prosecutors who handle these cases.  The second measure, which I introduced and the President signed last January, is Kevin and Avonte's Law. This new law is named in honor of two boys with autism who tragically died after wandering away from their caregiver. It calls for the Justice Department to award grants to equip school personnel, caregivers, and first responders with training to help identify missing persons with autism or Alzheimer's disease. It also permits grant funds to be used for technologies that advance the search for missing children with developmental disabilities.  This legislation is important because research suggests that at least one-third of the children with autism repeatedly wander away from safety. Since 2015, we have seen a doubling in the number of wandering-related deaths, according to SafeMinds, a nonprofit organization that advocates for these children.  I thank Senators Schumer, Tillis, and Klobuchar for joining as cosponsors of Kevin and Avonte's Law.  Third, I introduced, and both Chambers this week cleared, legislation to extend the important victim services programs that the Trafficking Victim Protection Act established.  I led our Judiciary Committee in clearing this measure and a complementary bill introduced by Senator Cornyn. Our bills, which were cosponsored by Senators Feinstein and Klobuchar, soon will go to the President's desk for signatures.  Both measures will help us to combat modern human slavery which, unfortunately, is alive and well today in this country. It exists in the form of sexand labor trafficking. Through deception, threats, or violence, the perpetrators of these crimes will do whatever it takes to turn a profit and are doing it at the victim's expense.  Fourth, I this year championed legislation to renew and extend the Missing Children's Assistance Act. This measure, which the President signed this fall, makes funds available over the next 5 years for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to continue to do its important work. The National Center partners with law enforcement and communities across the United States in the effort to identify and rescue missing and abused children.  The fifth measure I introduced in this Chamber with Senator Whitehouse would renew and update the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act. That law has not been updated since 2002.  I introduced a measure on this subject for the first time in the 114th Congress. This year we concluded our negotiations with the House on a final version of this legislation, known as the Juvenile Justice Reform Act.  The measure we adopted last week, which is on its way to the President's desk for signature, reflects the oversight work that I carried out several years ago. This oversight, which was the subject of a 2015 Judiciary Committee hearing, revealed a flawed grant program but also one worth saving because of its potential benefits for our Nation's at-risk youth.  The reforms that we have adopted also help to ensure the fairer treatment of minors in detention through greater screening and treatment of mental illness and substance abuse. This new law also promotes an end to the shackling of girls who give birth in detention. It encourages greater separation of juveniles and adult offenders in detention, and ensures that detained youth can continue their education. It will give these young people who come into contact with the juvenile justice system a better chance of turning their lives around.  I should add that we included accountability provisions in virtually every grant funding measure reported by the Judiciary Committee during my 4 years as chairman. The inclusion of this language, which I authored several years ago in statutes authorizing Federal grant programs, will help to ensure that taxpayers' dollars are used wisely and, quite frankly, according to law.  I want, again, to thank my colleagues from the Judiciary Committee who joined me as cosponsors of these and other new laws in this area.  I also want to thank the nonprofit groups, such as the National Autism Association, the Elder Justice Coalition, and the Coalition for Juvenile Justice, as well as individual advocates, who include Bob Blancato, Stuart Spielman, Lisa Wiederlight, Marion Mattingly, and others who contributed in a meaningful way to these laws, their developments, and passage.  Once again, I want to thank Evelyn Fortier of my staff for her hard work in these areas.  I yield the floor.  