President, I am very pleased to join with my colleague and friend from Rhode Island, Senator Reed, in offering an amendment that would increase the funding for the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, commonly known as LIHEAP, by $300 million.  Before I begin my formal comments, I, too, want to pay tribute to the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Specter, for his longstanding support of low-income heating assistance funding. Due to his efforts, there is in this bill a $200 million increase in LIHEAP funding over last year. Moreover, the bill would provide $300 million more in much-needed regular LIHEAP funding than either the administration's request or the House bill. So the legislation before us represents significant progress.  Nevertheless, I am joining in the effort of my colleague from Rhode Island because I think it reflects a realisticappraisal of the needs for more assistance in this program.  During the past year, the Nation has gone from energy crisis to energy crisis. In just this year alone, we have seen price spikes involving home heating oil, natural gas, gasoline, and electricity. Earlier this year, one of the largest suppliers of oil to American markets, Venezuela, ceased production as a result of political turmoil. A harsh cold snap occurred at about the same time, causing home heating oil supplies to plummet and prices to surge upward.  More recently, we have run into a shortage of natural gas that has again sent prices shooting upward. Three weeks ago, 50 million Americans suffered through the biggest blackout in American history. And finally, most recently, the price of gasoline rose with unprecedented speed to approximately $1.75 per gallon.  These energy crises impose an especially heavy burden on our low-income families and on those of our elderly who are living on limited incomes. Low-income families spend a greater percentage of their incomes on energy and have fewer options available when energy prices soar. High energy prices can even cause some families to choose between keeping the heat on, putting food on the table, or paying for much-needed prescription medicine.  These are choices no American family should ever have to make. Despite the hardship which energy emergencies impose on low-income Americans and despite the frequency with which we have all been forced to suffer through energy emergency after energy emergency, the bill before us does not provide any contingency LIHEAP funds to respond to these kinds of emergencies. Given the frequency with which we have been beset by energy crisis after energy crisis, in my view it is only prudent that we plan ahead and that we include some contingency funding to ensure low-income families can get through the next energy crisis on the horizon.  I hope we won't have to use that funding. I hope prices will be stable, that the winter will not be unusually harsh or long, and that there will be no energy emergencies in fiscal year 2004. If there aren't, if we are lucky or fortunate, then we will have no need to spend this money and we will all be much relieved. But just in case the future repeats the past, doesn't it make sense, just in case there is another shortage of home heating oil or natural gas or price spikes or heat-related crisis next summer, we be better prepared? Should we not set aside some funding to help those who will need the help the most?  I call upon my colleagues to join Senator Reed and me in supporting this amendment which will set aside an additional $300 million for energy emergencies.  I yield the floor.  