She served as Senator from Maine the entire time I was growing up. She served in the Senate from 1949 to 1972. I realize how fortunate I was to have as a role model this courageous, smart, and brave woman who did so much and set so many firsts for America. I have often thought that the path for my colleague Olympia Snowe and myself to the Senate was paved by the remarkable Senator Margaret Chase Smith.  I remember well my very first meeting with Senator Smith. I was a senior in high school. I was in Washington for a special program, and she spent nearly 2 hours talking with me. She talked about national defense, her service on the Armed Services Committee and, most of all, about her decision to speak out against the excesses of Joseph McCarthy. That was an extraordinarily brave thing to do, but it was typical of Senator Smith, who had a courageous and independent spirit.  She was the first to do so many things. She was the first Republican Senator elected to the Senate. I would note that when I was elected to the Senate, Maine became the first State to send two Republican women to the Senate to serve at the same time. She was the first woman to serve in both the House and the Senate. She was the first woman to be backed by a major political party in a Presidential election. Long after it became commonplace for women to serve in the highest ranks of our Government, Senator Smith will always be acknowledged and remembered and honored in Maine for her dignity and her courage.  Although I didn't realize it at the time, when I look back at her meeting with me, I realize that that was the first step in a journey that led me to run for her seat 25 years later. I am so proud to hold the seat once held by the legendary Senator Margaret Chase Smith.  Women such as those the Senator from Alaska has spoken of and whom I have talked about today are the reason we are so proud to sponsor a bill that, at no cost to the taxpayers, directs that the Old Post Office Annex be made available to house the National Women's History Museum. We need a place for our country to honor the contributions of women, particularly for young girls who are coming to Washington to be able to go to this museum and learn about some of the remarkable women who have changed American history, about whom the Senator from Alaska and I have talked today. Women's history needs a place in our capital and in our collective American history.  I ask my colleague from Alaska if she would agree with that sentiment. She has been such a leader in getting this bill through.  