 Madam President, I rise today in support of the Fiscal Year 2004 National Defense Authorization Act. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I would like to begin by expressing my appreciation to the chairman and the ranking member for their extraordinary efforts in producing this bill. The mark-up of this legislation was conducted in a true spirit of cooperation. While certain portions of this bill engendered spirited debate, the points of controversy are relatively few. It is tribute to both Senator Warner and Senator Levin that we completed our mark-up in a remarkably short period of time.  This legislation includes authorization for the vital resources that the young men and women in our military require in defending our Nation. With terrorist attacks continuing across the globe, and our troops helping the Iraqi people to rebuild their country, this legislation will ensure that our military has the tools necessary to fight, and ultimately win, the war against terrorism.  Since joining the Armed Services Committee, I have been a member of the Personnel Subcommittee, which has jurisdiction over military pay, housing, and health care. In recent years, we have made tremendous progress in improving the quality of life not just for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines, but also for their families. That is important. The old saying goes: we recruit the soldier but we retain the family. When our troops deploy, it's important that they have the peace of mind that comes from the knowledge that their families have good housing, quality health care, and a support network to help address any problems.  I am proud that the legislation before us builds on the efforts that we have made in previous years to ensure that our troops are the best paid, best housed, and best equipped in the world. It includes a 3.7 percent across-the-board pay raise for all uniformed personnel, and incorporates a targeted pay raise ranging from 5.25 percent to 6.25 percent for mid-career service members. We want to make an extra effort to retain their expertise. It also authorizes a significant increase in the rate of family separation allowance, from $100 per month to $250 per month.  There are two provisions affecting pay and benefits that I believe are particularly important. Last month, along with the majority leader and a number of my colleagues, I traveled to South Korea to meet with our troops at Osan Air Force Base and in the Demilitarized Zone. I was privileged to speak with two of my constituents, SS Jennifer Meuth of Thomaston and MS Jay Mason of China. As I always do when I meet with our troops, I asked if there was anything that the Congress could do to support them. Without hesitation, both of them asked me to support the establishment of AssignmentPay for troops stationed in Korea. Our troops endure many hardships as part of their service in Korea. Most are separated from their families, the housing is often substandard, and they live under the constant threat of North Korean aggression.  I am proud to say that the legislation before us mandates the payment of $100 per month in assignment incentive pay to the brave men and women serving our Nation in Korea. It is a tribute to the leadership of Senator Saxby Chambliss and Senator Ben Nelson, who lead the Personnel Subcommittee. Most of all, I want to thank Sergeants Meuth and Mason for bringing this important issue to my attention.  The second provision that I want to highlight is a bill that I introduced this year calling for an increase in what is called the military death gratuity. Currently, when a servicemember is killed while on active duty, his or her family receives a payment of $6,000, usually within days after the death. While other long-term financial assistance is provided to support the family, this payment helps the survivors cover any short term expenses.  The bill I introduced earlier this year, S. 704, would increase this amount to $12,000 and make it retroactive to September 11, 2001. So the families of those troops killed in Afghanistan will receive this additional benefit. The last time the Congress raised the death gratuity was during that last gulf war over a decade ago. Recognizing the importance of this issue, the Senate moved very quickly earlier this year to pass my legislation as a free-standing bill. The House, however, has not yet acted upon it. I am grateful to the Chairman of the Personnel Subcommittee, Senator Chambliss, for incorporating this increase in the death gratuity in the Defense Authorization bill.  I would also like to express my congratulations to Senator Talent, the new Chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee. The shipbuilding portion of this year's Defense Authorization represents a significant turning point. In previous years, the budget for ship construction proposed by the Department of Defense has been inadequate to sustain a large enough fleet to meet our Nation's requirements. The legislation before us today recognizes the challenge, and provides critically needed increases in shipbuilding funds.  It authorizes the construction of seven new ships, including three DDG-51 destroyers. I am pleased to report that two of those destroyers will be built at the world famous Bath Iron Works in my home State of Maine. Certainly, it will take more than 1 year's progress to address years of funding shortfalls. But this bill surely represents significant progress.  The committee also recognized the importance of modernizing the DDG-51 destroyers currently in the fleet. At my request, $20 million has been allocated for a DDG-51 modernization program. This funding will be used to examine ways to improve the effectiveness of these ships, while at the same time reducing their manpower requirements. That in turn will lead to lifetime savings for these ships. It will allow the Bath Iron Works to explore initiatives aimed at ensuring that these destroyers continue to be the backbone of our surface combatant fleet.  The seapower portion of the bill also includes $248 million for the refueling and overhaul of the USS Jacksonville, a nuclear submarine that had been scheduled to be decommissioned by the Navy. If this were allowed to occur, the problem is that our submarine force would fall below the levels recommended by the 2001 Quadrennial Defense Review. Today, the requirements for submarines is increasing, especially given the growing role that they play in intelligence gathering. This refueling, which will take place at the Kittery-Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, will add years of useful life to the Jacksonville. It is good news for the Navy, and it is good news for the skilled workers at the shipyard.  Without question, some aspects of the bill reported from the Armed Services Committee are somewhat controversial, and I expect that they will be debated fully here on the Senate floor. But the overwhelming majority of this bill is the product of bipartisan consensus. There is an agreement that we should spare no resources in ensuring that the brave young men and women who proudly wear the uniform have the highest quality training available, the most advanced equipment in the world, and receive the best benefits we can offer. I am proud to say this bill accomplishes those goals.  Again, I express my appreciation to our chairman and our ranking member for their hard work and for their dedicated leadership. I am very proud to serve with them.  