President, I am introducing legislation today that would create a United States Consensus Council. Designed to facilitate a consensus building process on important national issues, the U.S. Consensus Council is modeled upon similar entities that have operated successfully in several States. The council would be a nonprofit, private entity that would serve both the legislative and executive branches of government. Its role would be to build agreements among stakeholders on public policy issues where there are diverse and conflicting views and bring these agreements back to Congress or other decision-makers for action.  A good example of such a consensus council is the Montana Consensus Council. Established in 1994, this council has helped to facilities agreements on a range of contentious public issues. The Council, for example, facilitated development of a plan for the cleanup of hazardous waste sites that was overwhelmingly approved by the State legislature. It also helped mediate a dispute between recreationists and ranchers over water rights and, with the input of key stakeholders, an agreement was successfully reached.  The North Dakota Consensus Council, created in 1990, has helped build agreements on numerous local and State issues, including facilitating a five year effort to develop a strategic plan for the future of North Dakota and an economic development strategy to implement that plan.  The U.S. Consensus Council Act was introduced in the last Congress by Senator Dorgan and cosponsored by a bipartisan group of Senators. The Committee on Governmental Affairs favorably reported the bill last fall, but the full Senate did not have an opportunity to act on it before adjournment. I am pleased that Senator Dorgan, along with Senators Santorum and Conrad, have joined me in reintroducing the legislation today.  The legislation would establish the U.S. Consensus Council as an independent nonprofit corporation under the District of Columbia Nonprofit Corporation Act. The Council would not be an agency or instrumentality of the United States. The Council's role would be to design and conduct processes that bring together key stakeholders and build agreements on complex public policy issues. The resulting recommendations would be advisory, subject to the normal legislative or regulatory processes.  The Council's powers would be vested in a 12-member part-time Board of Directors. Each of the leaders of the majority and minority in the House of Representatives and the Senate would appoint two board members, and the President would appoint four members. Members of the Board cannot be Federal officers or employees.  A President, selected by the Board, would be the chief executive officer of the Council.  