President, October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and, as the month is coming to an end, it is appropriate that we take some time to celebrate the progress we have made against this devastating disease and, at the same time, acknowledge how much further we have to go.  Breast cancer has taken a tremendous toll on far too many Americans and their families. There are very few people in this country who haven't lost a family member, friend or coworker to this cancer. More than 200,000 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year alone, and, regrettably, about 40,000 of those diagnosed will die from the disease. Across the country, one woman in eight will develop breast cancer at some point during her life. While we have made great progress, we must continue to work to find new and more effective ways of preventing, detecting and treating breast cancer.  Astoundingly, of the 3 million American women who are living with breastcancer, an estimated 1 million don't know it. Regular screenings and early detection remain the most effective ways to combat breast cancer and improve a woman's chances for successful treatment and survival. It is therefore critical that we take steps to make early detection more common.  For this reason, I am a strong supporter of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program, which has provided important cancer screening services at low or no cost to more than three million low-income American women who otherwise might not have been able to afford these critically important tests. The Maine Breast and Cervical Health program is funded through this program and provides screening and diagnostic services at 300 sites across the State. Since its inception, more than 20,500 screenings have been conducted through this program in Maine, and 151 cases of breast cancer have been diagnosed. As one Maine woman observed, ``This screening program was an answered prayer. I had been concerned about having to skip checkups lately, but there was no way to come up with the money any time soon. I will gladly tell all of my friends about this and will gladly return for follow-up.''  Screening must be coupled with treatment if it is to save lives, and that is why I also cosponsored legislation to provide the treatment necessary to save the lives of the women who are diagnosed with cancer through this program. Since the screening program is targeted to low-income women, many of those screened do not have health insurance and many more are under-insured. The Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Act, which has been signed into law, gives states the option of providing treatment through the Medicaid program for woman diagnosed with breast or cervical cancer through this screening program. I am pleased to say that Maine is one of 45 states that have elected to take advantage of this option.  Promising research is leading to major breakthroughs in preventing, treating and curing breast cancer. There simply is no investment that promises greater returns for Americans than our investment in research, and I have been a strong proponent of congressional efforts to double our investment in biomedical research over five years. Last year, the National Institutes of Health spent $640 billion on breast cancer research. This year that figure grew to nearly $700 million.  I was also pleased to join my colleague from California, Senator Feinstein, in introducing the National Cancer Act of 2003, which sets out a comprehensive national plan to combat cancer, with substantial and regular increases in the National Cancer Institute's budget. The legislation also includes important provisions to increase access to cancer screening, clinical trials, cancer drugs, and high quality cancer care. I am hopeful that continued funding increases will allow us to accelerate our efforts to find better treatments, a means of prevention, and ultimately a cure for devastating diseases like breast cancer.  As National Breast Cancer Awareness Month comes to a close, we should celebrate life and the progress we are making in the fight against this disease. With determination and patience, we can limit the terrible impact of the disease and bring hope to millions of women and their families.  In closing, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the tremendous leadership of the senior Senator from Maine on this issue. Senator Snowe has been a tireless champion and advocate, and has led the battle against breast cancer, first in the House and now in the Senate, on a number of fronts ranging from increased breast cancer research funding at the National Institutes of Health and Department of Defense to landmark legislation prohibiting discrimination on the basis of genetic information. We should all be grateful for her efforts.  