President, there has been a lot of discussion about the funding for homeland security. I agree with my colleagues that this is an area that is going to require more resources. In particular, we want to make sure that the resources flow down to the State and local levels, that they are available to the first responders, those who are first on the scene in the event of a terrorist attack.  I do want to point out, however, that H.J. Res. 2 contains significant new funding to strengthen our homeland security. For example, the omnibus bill provides over $5.3 billion for the Transportation Security Administration, which is a critical component in our efforts to secure our national transportation system and to ensure the freedom of movement of American people and commerce.  This funding amounts to a $1.84 billion increase over last year, or a 53-percent increase over fiscal 2002 figures. Of this funding, a minimum of $124 million will go toward buying explosive detection systems and trace detection systems; $250 million in funding will go toward the installation of airport detection systems. Many of us have noted the increased scrutiny of checked baggage in the recent weeks. One hundred million is for a very important purpose and that is for seaport security grants to port authorities.  In another area, let's look at the first responders, which are of special concern to me. The omnibus bill includes more than $1.6 billion for emergency planning and assistance to help prepare our first responders. This amounts to an increase of over $997 million from the level provided in the fiscal year 2002 budget. Of this money, $900 million is for the FIRE Grant Program, a very popular program in the State of Maine, that helps our firefighters equip themselves and prepare for future threats. In Maine, we found that the FIRE Grant Program is particularly useful to some of our small, rural communities, which simply would not have access to the resources needed to upgrade their equipment and their training.  Mr. President, $114 million of the money for FIRE Grant Program funding is for interoperable communications equipment for firefighters and EMS personnel. September 11 taught us very dearly how important it is for our first responders to be able to communicate with one another, to have compatible equipment.  Mr. President, $75 million is for urban search and rescue teams and another $75 million is for State and local emergency planning grants. We need to do so much more training and joint exercises at all levels of government to make sure we have a coordinated response to allow us to detect, prepare for, and, if necessary, respond to a terrorist attack more effectively.  Let's look at the area of bioterrorism, one of the major threats we face today. We learned right here in the Senate the amount of damage that an anthrax attack can inflict. The omnibus bill provides considerable funding for bioterrorism. It includes money for the CDC, for example, for a smallpox vaccine, for an evaluation and research on the anthrax vaccine, and it includes money to make our hospitals better able to respond to a bioterrorism attack.  I point out that the $3.7 billion for bioterrorism preparedness is exactly the same in this omnibus bill as in the Labor-HHS-Education bill authored under different leadership last July. The bioterrorism preparedness funding includes $940 million for upgrading State and local capacity. It includes $300 million for the National Pharmaceutical Stockpile. It includes $492 million for hospital preparedness. It includes $1.5 billion for bioterrorism-related research and construction at the National Institutes of Health.  My point is that there is significant and much needed new funding included in this legislation. So we are making a genuine effort to provide the resources that are necessary to make our Nation more secure. It is not going to happen overnight. Money alone does not solvethe problem, but money, clearly, is part of the solution, and we are making a major step forward in that regard through the funding provided by this bill, the billions of dollars in funding provided by this bill.  Finally, let me touch on the Coast Guard, which is of special concern to me. The omnibus appropriations bill includes more than $6 billion for the Coast Guard. This amounts to an increase of more than $1 billion from last year's enacted level. I stress this because it has been of great concern to me, Senator Stevens, and many other of my colleagues that we fully fund the Coast Guard so it does not jeopardize its traditional mission while it takes on increased responsibilities in the area of homeland security, particularly port security.  So I think it should be evident from a review of this bill that we are making a significant commitment of additional funding for homeland security. This is a very positive step forward. More resources undoubtedly will be needed and will be considered as part of the President's budget.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  