President, I am pleased to join my colleague, Senator Olympia Snowe, in offering an amendment that will expand the borders of the Aroostook County Empowerment Zone to include the entire county, so that the benefits of empowerment zone designation can be fully realized throughout the northernmost county in Maine.  The Department of Agriculture's Empowerment Zone program addresses a comprehensive range of community challenges, including many that have traditionally received little Federal assistance, reflecting the fact that rural problems do not come in standardized packages but can vary widely from one place to another. The Empowerment Zone Program represents a long-term partnership between the Federal Government and rural communities--10 years in most cases--so that communities have enough time to implement projects to build the capacity to sustain their development beyond the term of the partnership. An Empowerment Zone designation gives designated regions potential access to millions of dollars in Federal grants for social services and community redevelopment as well as tax and regulatory relief over a ten-year period.  Aroostook County is the largest county east of the Mississippi River. Yet, despite the impressive character and work ethic of its citizens, the County has fallen on hard times. The 2000 Census indicated a 15 percent loss in population since 1990. Loring Air Force Base, which was closed in 1994, also caused an immediate out-migration of 8,500 people and a further out-migration of families and businesses that depended on Loring for their customer base.  Unfair trade practices have also struck a blow to the County's economy. Aroostook shares more border miles with Canada than most northern states. It is bordered for approximately 280 miles to the west, north and east by Canada. Canadian farmers and businesses have been extremely competitive in Aroostook's traditional business markets; as a result, Aroostook's farmers have experienced a loss in sales which has caused additional job loss, and still more people migrating from Aroostook County. Aroostook's economic situation has been further worsened by the strong value of the Canadian dollar in relation to the U.S. dollar and the restrictive personal exemption duty limits that Canada imposes on its citizens when they make shopping trips to U.S. businesses on the border.  In response to these developments, the Northern Maine Development Commission and other economic development organizations, the private business sector, and community leaders in Aroostook County have joined forces to stabilize, diversify, and grow the area's economy. The designation of Aroostook as an Empowerment Zone has been a vital element of this ongoing effort to enhance both the present and the future economic prosperity of the county.  There is, however, a restriction in the law governing empowerment zones that prevents this tremendous program from benefitting all of the small rural communities in Aroostook. Currently, the law limits the Aroostook empowerment zone to 1,000 square miles, despite the fact that Aroostook covers some 6,672 square miles and only has a population of approximately 72,000 people. Including all of the county in the empowerment zone will guarantee that parts of the county will not be left behind as economic prosperity returns to the area. It does little good to have a company move from one community to another within the County simply to take advantage of empowerment zone benefits.  America's greatest success can only be achieved when everyone has the opportunity to enjoy the fruits of a strong economy. It is only fair that all of Aroostook County's population be given the opportunity to fully benefit from the Empowerment Zone Program.  