President, I rise to express my strong opposition to the conference agreement on the Energy bill we are debating today.  Our Nation needs a balanced energy policy that will increase supply, decrease demand, reduce our reliance on foreign oil, and protect our environment. Unfortunately, the Energy legislation before us fails to strike this necessary balance. In fact, it would be poor energy policy, poor environmental policy, and poor fiscal policy. It favors special interests, it contains billions of dollars in wasteful subsidies, and it fails to promote energy conservation. It would be bad for Maine's electricity consumers, it would be bad for Maine's manufacturers, and it would be bad for Maine's environment.  I am very disappointed that the renewable energy provision that I coauthored with Senator Bingaman was not included in the final version of this legislation. This provision would have required that 10 percent of our electricity come from clean, renewable energy sources by the year 2020. A majority of the Senate conferees voted in favor of this proposal, but unfortunately the House voted to remove it, thus passing up an important opportunity to increase fuel diversity, decrease natural gas prices, and reduce greenhouse gases.  This legislation would do very little to reduce our dangerous and increasing reliance on foreign fuels. The United States is nearly 60 percent reliant on foreign oil, and this number is projected to increase in the coming years, reaching as high as 70 or even 75 percent in the next decade to 15 years.  Senators Landrieu and Specter and I joined to offer an amendment to the Senate Energy version that directed the President to devise a plan to save 1 million barrels of oil per day by the year 2013. We did not dictate how that should be done. It could be done by increasing fuel efficiency standards for our trucks and cars. It could be done by moving toward more energy-efficient appliances. There are many ways that goal could be accomplished.  Not surprisingly, our amendment enjoyed widespread support in the Senate. In fact, it passed by a vote of 99 to 1. Inexplicably, the conferees voted to drop that provision from the final bill.  This legislation also contains numerous wasteful and very expensive subsidies, including a 5-billion-gallon ethanol mandate that will subsidize corn production in the Midwest at the expense of higher gas prices in New England. Ethanol is more expensive than gasoline. It is difficult to transport, it is of dubious value to the environment, and it does little to reduce our reliance on foreign fuels. In fact, studies show that it takes about 4 gallons of oil to produce 5 gallons of ethanol. If the goal were to reduce reliance on foreign fuels, we would be much better off increasing automobile fuel economy standards or mandating other achievable efficiency improvements.  The liability waiver for MTBE manufacturers also does not belong in this bill. The gasoline additive MTBE is a suspected carcinogen and has contaminated a number of ground water supplies in my home State of Maine, and I know it is also a problem in the home State of the Presiding Officer.  In 1998, for example, a ground water system serving 5,000 people and operated by the Portland Water District was contaminated by MTBE. This incident cost the Portland water district $1.5 million. The liability provisions in this legislation will leave MTBE manufacturers with little incentive to help clean up contaminated water supplies. The likely result will be that municipal ratepayers will have to shoulder a majority of the cleanup costs.  The electricity title of this bill is particularly troubling to me because it is biased against the Northeast. Three months ago, the largest blackout in our Nation's history illustrated the fundamental flaws in a haphazard and poorly regulated electricity market.  Just today, the General Accounting Office, at my request, released a new report on electricity restructuring that analyzed the blackout and identified what steps should be taken to ensure greater reliability of the electric grid. Unfortunately, the recommendations that are in the GAO report fly in the face of what has been done in the legislation we are debating today.  Electricity regulators in the areas most affected by the blackout in the Northeast and the Midwest have stated that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, known as FERC, needs to move ahead with standardized electricity markets in order to improve the reliability of our markets. Since electricity flows across power lines without regard to State boundaries, we need clear and consistent electricity rules that apply to the entire Nation. Unfortunately, this legislation would actually prohibit FERC from moving ahead with standardized markets for another 3 years. I am astounded by that.  Earlier this year, many of us representing States in both the Northeast and the Midwest wrote to the conferees to share our views on the electricity issues that were being debated in the conference. We quoted our regulators on the impact of delaying these FERC rules. Specifically, we stated:       Our States feel strongly that any delay of SMD [the      standard market design] hurts efforts to provide reasonably      priced and reliable electricity to consumers and businesses.      In fact, Ohio Governor Bob Taft, in testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee, stated that he believes that any delay would ``impose an intolerable risk on the nation.''  He went on to say:       We urge you to reject proposals to further delay FERC's      ability to address issues which have a direct effect on the      cost and reliability of electricity, for millions of our      constituents.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent the letters we sent to the conferees be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  