NELSON of Nebraska. I am glad my friend from Maine has asked that question so that I can provide some assurances to our colleagues. On behalf of our group of Senators offering this amendment, let me be clear: We have drafted this provision in such a way that the increase in the FMAP will end June 30, 2004. My colleagues will be glad to know that there is precedent for Congress passing short-term Medicaid matching rate increases that have not become permanent.  In 1981, the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act reduced Medicaid matching rates for 3 years, while also creating exemptions for States that had high unemployment rates, special hospital review programs, or strong fraud and abuse recovery systems. At the time when this was enacted, some in Congress worried that these changes would be permanent, but these provisions expired on schedule without any particular controversy or efforts to extend them.  There is even a more recent example: The Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 granteda temporary increase in the FMAP to Louisiana. The State's matching rate rose from the normal rate of 72.08 percent to a special enhanced rate of 84.28 percent in State fiscal year 1995-96 and from the normal rate of 71.49 percent to an enhanced rate of 81.46 percent in State fiscal year 1996-97. This temporary State relief was granted because the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 tightened disproportionate share hospital payment policies and posed a hardship for Louisiana at a time when the State's economy was faring badly. The State was able to use these temporary funds to avoid disruptions in essential services. The temporary increase in Louisiana's FMAP expired as scheduled.  These provisions expired as planned after fulfilling their mission of temporary relief to help these States transition through a difficult period. Congress has been able to maintain discipline in the past. There is no evidence that a temporary increase in Medicaid matching rates will inevitably become permanent. In fact, because our amendment in no way adjusts how future FMAPs are calculated, it does not effect a permanent change in FMAPs for States.  