President, I rise today in support of the Dodd-Hagel-Jefford amendment to increase funding for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act or IDEA. I am pleased to join Senators Coleman, Murray, Dorgan, Bingaman, Kerry, Mikulski and others as a cosponsor of this amendment.  IDEA is based on two fundamental principles: first, that all disabled children are entitled to a free and appropriate public education. And second, to the maximum extent possible, these children should be educated along side their nondisabled peers.  To help States achieve these principles, Congress authorized funding at 40 percent of the average per pupil expenditures. Unfortunately, this funding level has never been realized, leaving States with insufficient resources and jeopardizing the achievement of IDEA's goals.  In 1996, the year I was first elected to the Senate, the Federal Government provided only $2.3 billion for IDEA funding, about 7 percent. Last year, IDEA funding had risen to $8.9 billion, about 18 percent. While clearly we have made great strides in this area, the currently IDEA funding is still less than half of the 40 percent originally promised by Congress. Over the years, this shortfall has placed a tremendous financial stress on States in providing these services, and in particular on small rural communities such as those in Maine.  As startling as these shortfalls are, they fail to fully convey the crushing financial blow which can result to a small community when a medically fragile, high cost child locates there. In these situations, school systems are often forced to cut back in services to all children, both disabled and nondisabled, in an attempt to meet their legal obligations. Unfortunately, this can result in resentment of these children by members of their own community.  Increased Federal support is desperately needed, and that is why I want to thank Chairman Specter for the substantial increase in IDEA funding he has included in the Senate base bill. He has included nearly a billion-dollar increase over last year's level.  Our amendment seeks to further boost this funding by providing an additional $1.2 billion for IDEA Part B State Grants. This increase would result in a $2.2 billion increase over fiscal year 2003 funding and will keep us on the track toward full funding. Our amendment would also be consistent with action taking during Senate consideration of the fiscal year 2004 budget resolution, which similarly provided for a $2.2 billion increase for IDEA. In Maine, passage of this amendment would result in a $10 million increase over fiscal year 2003 funding levels.  With this amendment, we would raise the Federal Government's commitment to roughly 21 percent of the costs of special education. I urge my colleagues to join us in support of this amendment. Let's continue our efforts to make good on our promise and fully fund IDEA.  