President, I thank my colleague from West Virginia for his comments. It has been such a pleasure to work with him. He is an eloquent and compassionate advocate for health care for low-income families. I am delighted to be his partner in this regard.  I also acknowledge the hard work of Mr. Nelson, the Senator from Nebraska, and Senator Gordon Smith of Oregon. The four of us have worked very hard on this initiative for over a year. We are also delighted to have the Presiding Officer's critical support in this initiative.  States from Maine to Nebraska, from West Virginia to Oregon, are facing the most serious budget shortfalls in 50 years. The bipartisan amendment that we are offering tonight takes the first step toward providing States with a measure of much needed fiscal relief.  Regardless of the size of the tax cut, we believe it is imperative that the economic growth package include a significant amount for State fiscal relief. Therefore, our amendment expresses the sense of the Senate that at least $30 billion of the economic growth package be targeted to State fiscal relief over the next 18 months to help our States cope with an aggregate budget shortfall that is nearly four times that size.  This bipartisan amendment has been drafted in a way that is both budget and deficit neutral, and I stress that for the information of my colleagues. It neither increases nor decreases the amount provided for reconciliation in the budget resolution. Therefore, our amendment does not add to the deficit. It does not change the spending caps that are included in this resolution.  The attacks of September 11 on our Nation, coupled with the subsequent recession and resulting unemployment, have placed tremendous and unanticipated strains on Government services and resources. At the same time, the States, which are after all our partners in providing health care, education, and other essential services, are facing a dramatic and unexpected decline in Government revenues at precisely the time when the demand for Government services is the greatest because of the lagging economy.  State budgets are under siege. The combination of increasing demands for services and resources, coupled with the dramatic drop in revenues, is causing a fiscal crisis for States from coast to coast.  The State of Maine, for example, faces a budget shortfall over the next 2 years of approximately $1.2 billion. Let me put that in perspective. The entire budget for Maine is only $5.3 billion, which means it faces a shortfall of more than 20 percent. To put the plight of Maine into perspective, I point out if the Federal Government were facing a 20-percent shortfall, it would have to close a $440 billion budget gap, and it would have to do so under its Constitution without borrowing a single dime. That is the dilemma facing our States.  The States have to balance their budgets. They cannot print more money. They cannot borrow more money. They have to balance their budgets. States have been using rainy day funds, delaying capital projects, cutting spending, increasing taxes. They are doing whatever they can to balance their budgets.  According to a February report by the National Conference on State Legislatures, States have been forced to cut a number of critical programs, ranging from education to corrections. Mr. President, 29 States have imposed across-the-board budget cuts, and at least 24 States are considering tax increases to help close those budget gaps.  Moreover, at a time when the number of people without health insurance is climbing, 49 States have either already taken action to cut their Medicaid Program, or are planning to do so. Medicaid provides medical care for 44 million low-income people nationwide, including 218,000 individuals in my home State. States are cutting benefits, increasing copays, restricting eligibility, or removing poor families from the rolls because of soaring costs and plunging revenues. As a consequence, the National Governors Association estimates as many as 2 million low-income individuals across this country will lose their health care coverage as a result of the loss of Medicaid coverage.  Let me be clear, I am not saying Congress should bail out the States. I am not saying States should not have to make hard choices. I am not saying States should not cut their budgets, that they should not balance their budgets. The States do need to tighten their belts during these austere fiscal times, but the nature and the severity of the fiscal crisis facing our States has convinced me we simply must help. The consequences are too dire, otherwise, and too many very low-income individuals will suffer if we do not step in and help.  That is why I joined in this effort to provide for a temporary increase in the February Medicaid matching rate as well as some flexible funds that go to every State. Specifically, our amendment, which has strong bipartisan support, provides $30 billion to the States, at least half of which would have to be provided through a temporary increase in the Medicaid matching rate.  Our amendment is strongly supported by a host of health care patient and consumer advocacy groups, including the American Hospital Association, the American Health Care Association, the Visiting Nurses Associations of America, the American Dental Association, Families USA, the Child Welfare League of America, the Alzheimer's Association, the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill, the Children's Defense Fund, the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities, and many other critically important organizations.  The support our proposal has received underscores how important it is we act now to provide assistance to the States at a time when many are looking toward further cuts in their health care programs to help balance their budgets.  We have focused particularly on Medicaid because of our concern about the impact on low-income families in America. But there is another reason it makes sense to target this assistance to the Medicaid Program; that is, Medicaid is the fastest growing component of State budgets.  While State revenues are stagnant or declining in most States, Medicaid costs are increasing at a rate of more than 13 percent a year. My home State of Maine is one of many States that has been forced to consider cuts in its Medicaid Program to compensate for its budget shortfalls.  Legislation enacted as a consequence of our amendment, I stress again, will not free States from making very painful and difficult choices in crafting their budgets for the year. But it will help prevent the most harmful cuts, those that would affect the families who can least afford them, those whoare already under strain as we see the number of uninsured continue to climb to 41 million Americans without insurance.  To Maine, our amendment could mean as much as $190 million over the next 18 months for health care and social services that would help our most needy citizens. In other words, this is about helping those who are most vulnerable in our society. In addition, our proposal makes sound economic sense. Putting money into the hands of the States is a good way to stimulate economic growth.  After all, if we cut taxes in Washington only to have taxes increased in State capitals across this country, we will wipe out the good that we do by cutting taxes. We know if we get money into the hands of the States, they will put it directly into the economy, and that is just the kind of stimulus our economy needs.  Congress is most effective when it stands arm in arm, not toe to toe, with our partners, the States. Our States face a crisis of vast and still-expanding dimensions. We need to help. This amendment is a critical step forward in doing just that. I hope we will have another very strong bipartisan vote for our proposal so that we can ensure any fiscal relief is included in any economic growth package that we consider later this year.  I am happy to yield to my colleague from West Virginia.  