He is an extraordinarily talented chairman of the HELP Committee who was able to bring people together on both sides of the aisle. This is yet another example of an outstanding achievement of the chairman, working together to benefit the people of this country. I do miss serving on the HELP Committee. I enjoyed the many issues the committee addresses, and this is an issue that is near and dear to my heart. I am very pleased to be a cosponsor of this amendment. I commend not only Chairman Gregg, but also Senators Schumer, McCain, and Kennedy, for all of their hard work on this comprehensive proposal.  The amendment we are offering today will make prescription drugs more affordable by promoting competition in the pharmaceutical industry to increase access to lower priced generic drugs while at the same time protecting innovation and preserving the incentives for companies to make the investments necessary to develop newer, better, and safer pharmaceuticals.  This amendment, which is based on legislation I joined Senators Schumer and McCain in introducing earlier this year, will make prescription drugs more affordable for all Americans. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that our original proposal would have cut our Nation's drug costs by some $60 billion over the next 10 years, and I understand this compromise proposal isalso expected to result in similar savings.  I will repeat that. There are very few bills we are ever going to consider that will result in cutting our Nation's health care costs. This proposal, according to the CBO, will help reduce the cost of prescription drugs by some $60 billion over the next decade. At a time when we are modernizing Medicare to include a prescription drug benefit, it is very important that this legislation be passed to help moderate the cost of prescription drugs.  Prescription drug spending in the United States has increased by 92 percent over the past 5 years. These soaring costs are a particular burden for millions of uninsured Americans, as well as for seniors on Medicare who now lack prescription drug coverage. Many of these individuals are simply priced out of the market or forced to choose between paying the bills or buying the pills that keep them healthy.  Skyrocketing prescription drug costs are also putting the squeeze on our Nation's employers, who are struggling in the face of double-digit annual premium increases to continue to provide health insurance for their employees. They are exacerbating the Medicaid funding crisis that all of us are hearing about from our Governors back home as they struggle to bridge shortfalls in their States' budgets.  The 1984 Hatch-Waxman Act made significant changes in our patent laws that were intended to encourage pharmaceutical companies to make the investments necessary to develop new drug products while enabling their competitors to bring lower priced generic alternatives to the market.  We should acknowledge that, toward that end, the Hatch-Waxman Act has succeeded to a large degree. Prior to the Hatch-Waxman Act passing, it took 3 to 5 years for generics to enter the marketplace after a brand name patent expired. Today, lower cost generics often enter the market immediately upon the expiration of the patent. As a consequence, consumers are saving anywhere from $8 billion to $10 billion a year by purchasing lower priced generic drugs.  There are even greater potential savings on the horizon. Within the next few years, the patents on brand name drugs with combined sales of $20 billion are set to expire. If the Hatch-Waxman Act were to work as it was intended, consumers could expect to save between 50 to 60 percent on these drugs as lower cost generics became available as these patents expired.  Despite its past success, however, it has become increasingly apparent that our patent laws in the Hatch-Waxman Act have been subject to abuse. While many pharmaceutical companies have acted in good faith, there is mounting evidence that some manufacturers have attempted to game the system by exploiting legal loopholes in the current law.  Too many pharmaceutical companies have maximized their profits at the expense of consumers by filing frivolous patents that have delayed access to the lower priced generics. Currently, brand name companies can delay a generic drug from going to market for years. A ``new'' patent for an existing drug can be awarded for merely changing the color of the pill or its packaging. There were examples cited by the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission in testimony before the Senate Commerce Committee last year.  One case involved the producer of a heart medication which brought a lawsuit for patent and trademark infringement against the generic manufacturer in early 1996. Instead of asking the generic company to pay damages, however, the brand name manufacturer offered a settlement to pay the generic company more than $80 million in return for keeping the generic drug off the market. In the meantime, the consumers of this heart medication, which treats high blood pressure, chest pains, and heart disease, were paying about $73 a month, while the generic would have cost them only $32 a month.  Last July, the FTC released a long-awaited report that found that brand name drug manufacturers had misused the loopholes to delay the entry of lower cost generics into the market. The FTC found that these tactics led to delays of between 4 and 40 months--that is over and above the first 30-month stay provided under the Hatch-Waxman Act--for generic competitors of at least eight drugs since 1992.  The FTC report pointed to two specific provisions of our patent laws--the automatic 30-month stay and the 180-day market exclusivity for the first generic to file a patent challenge--as being particularly vulnerable to strategies that could delay the entry of lower cost generics into the market. And it is precisely those two provisions which this carefully crafted compromise, which the chairman of the HELP Committee, Senator Kennedy, Senator Schumer, and Senator McCain have crafted, it is precisely those provisions that would be solved, and those loopholes would be closed by the amendment we are offering today.  The bipartisan amendment we are offering would restore the balance in the current laws. It would close the loopholes that have reduced the original law's effectiveness in bringing lower cost generic drugs to market more quickly.  Again, I salute the chairman for the tremendous work that was done on this important proposal. I am delighted it is being offered. I am proud to be a cosponsor. This will make a real difference in the drug bill, not only for consumers, not only for seniors, but employers, State governments, or anyone who is purchasing prescription drugs.  I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.  