Speaker, today, led by a remarkable woman, Congresswoman Julia Carson, we honor the actions of another remarkable woman, Mrs. Rosa Parks. Congresswoman Carson has worked tirelessly to insure that Mrs. Parks receives a Congressional Gold Medal, a distinction reserved for only the most heroic individuals who have affected change on a grand scale. It is particularly fitting that Mrs. Parks receive this award, since through her simple action, refusing to give up her seat on a crowded Montgomery bus, she affected the modern history of the most powerful nation in the world. However, Mrs. Parks is not only the Mother of the Civil Rights Movement, she is one of its current guardians, and I believe that in honoring her most well-known deeds, we must honor the other contributions she has made as well.  Another leader who refused to see people stripped of the dignity and self-respect they deserve, Mahatma Ganhi, once said that. ``Whatever you do, however small and insignificant it may seem, it is most important that you do it.'' Mrs. Parks' actions, and the enormous ramifications her small action has had, are a perfect example of the importance each individual must put in their own endeavors. Mrs. Parks' actions since that fateful day in Montgomery have helped many people reach their full potential. Although her leadership in the Montgomery bus boycott made her famous, her subsequent 33 years of work as a member of Congressman Conyers' staff also made a real impact on the lives of others. In fact, Mrs. Parks has spent her whole life, not merely one day in 1955, providing an example for all of us of the difference one person can make.  In 1987, Mrs. Parks founded the nonprofit Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for Self-Development, which motivates youth to reach their potential through many programs, including bank training, substance-abuse prevention and goal setting. The institute she founded is not designed to organize a mass rebellion or spark a sense of outrage in the children it reached. Instead, Mrs. Park believes that spending time with children, giving them a good sense of their history and the pride they should have in it can affect real change. She spends a good deal of her time teaching the children she works with about the contributions of Africans in America, she sets the record straight about events during the civil rights movement with the expertise of someone who knows. The program she designed emphasizes pride, dignity, courage, leadership, and the importance of marketable skills. The institute's most well-known program, Pathway to Freedom, enables youth to research history around the country--by bus--tracing the underground railroad. Mrs. Parks teaches kids, ages 11-17, about the Underground Railroad that carried slaves through a secret route of wooded hideouts and safe houses to freedom in Canada. She given them the opportunity to participate in a month-long tour of those ``Pathways to Freedom.''  An example of personal responsibility who cleaned the bathrooms in her private school to pay for her own tuition, Mrs. Parks also passes this empowering sense of self on to the children with which she works. Awarding Mrs. Parks the Congressional gold Medal not only honors her stand, so to speak, in 1955, it also honors the many contributions she has made since then. Congresswoman Carson's tribute to Mrs. Parks reflects her understanding of the importance the leadership of African-American women has on the nation.  