Chairman, I would again begin, as I did under the rule, to thank the chairman and all of the members for their good work and for this nonpartisan bill that is before the House today but to reiterate, as the chairman alluded to in his remarks during general debate, that there is one fundamental disagreement. That is two environmental riders that were added to the legislation. During the amendment process, I will have an amendment to remove those.  I would like to use my time during the general debate to set the stage for the House, if I could, on the two issues before us. Both deal with the Army Corps. Both deal with wetlands. Both deal with the Clean Water Act. If they are not removed from the legislation, the administration has indicated that they would veto the legislation because they are now included.  I would suggest to the body that they should be removed today.  The first deals with the issue of jurisdictional appeal. Today if a property owner wants to find out if there is a wetland on his or her property, they would approach the Corps and receive a determination. If the determination is not satisfactory to the property owner, they would then proceed to the permitting process and thereafter have jurisdiction to go to the U.S. Federal courts.  The Corps, since 1996, and the administration has recognized that this is not good policy. I would acknowledge to all of my colleagues it is not good policy and it ought to change.  That is what they are about, to promulgate an administrative appeal process so that if a property owner is aggrieved, there is an appeal process within the Corps itself before recourse is taken, especially to the Federal courts. I think that that is what we should be about and that is the process that we should retain.  In the bill, $5 million is included to fully fund the completion and implementation of this appeal process. And we call upon the Corps to do it as expeditiously as possible.  I think that the language that was approved by the other body is acceptable and that the offending language on the jurisdictional issue goes for one final portion talking about final agency action.  What the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) would do in the legislation is to suggest that if an appeal is taken, it would be considered a final agency action and that the property owner could then go to Federal court without first seeking a permit.  I do not believe that this is appropriate policy, because a jurisdictional determination, first of all, does not restrict use of the property. It simply suggests that a permit would be necessary and 95 percent of the permits requested are granted.  Instead of expediting the process, and that is certainly what I think most people want to see encouraged on both sides of the political aisle, it would result in delay. Because instead of people and personnel at the Corps considering permit evaluations and considering other matters dealing with wetland and expeditious consideration, they would be defending those actions in Federal court. It would burden the courts. It would burden the Department of Justice and it certainly is a burden to the Corps.  Finally, it seeks remedy where there is no harm. The issue only arises if there is a wetland. And it is the primary policy of this Nation it preserve those wetlands. And it only occurs if a permit is required.  So I would suggest at this point in time the language that is included in the bill would simply lead to more litigation, and it would not solve the problem as intended.  The second issue refers to a program called Permit 26. And essentially today, and since about 1977, there are 37 different general permits that the Corps of Engineers established to again expedite the process. They are meant to protect wetlands. They are meant to facilitate implementation of the Clean Water Act. If a certain criteria is not met under general permitting, then an individual permit would be necessitated.  Permit 26 is the only one of the 37 that does not meet the standards of the Clean Water Act because it is based on size and acreage and not on activity.  The administration recognized this in 1996 and began to develop a permitting process that is activity based. In 1996, they reduced acreage and allowed the Permit 26 to continue 2 years while this program proceeded. On July 1 of last year, the situation was extended until March of this year, and comments were solicited from the public.  In October of last year, one of the six activities that had been proposed by the Corps based on the comments received were withdrawn, that dealing with master plan development. The Corps heard the concern of property owners, developers, and landowners. An additional comment period was set aside in September of last year.  As we speak, a third comment period relative to this permitting process is now underway. It began on July 21 to make sure that the public input is provided.  It is anticipated, as with the jurisdictional issue, that this permitting situation will be resolved and a final process will be put into place by the end of this year. I think it is inappropriate for us to intervene in an extraordinary fashion to now delay that implementation after the Corps has worked so hard to ensure that it is put in place this year.  I am very concerned about this provision. This is not something that is minor or insignificant. And again, I would remind all of my colleagues that FEMA, the EPA, the Army Corps of Engineers have strongly objected and the administration has now issued a veto threat.  I do believe that the language ought to be removed.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  