As we honor the great cultural and historic legacy that African-Americans have left to us and to future generations, we recognize that they led one of the greatest social transformation in the history of the United States: the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s.  The civil rights movement was a period of enormous growth for our country and society. Great African-American leaders such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Malcolm X, Rosa Parks and others forced us, as a nation, to search our souls and confront the forces of hate and ignorance that were splitting our society.  Today, we continue to confront the forces of hate and ignorance. The fact remains that much still needs to be done before true equality and racial harmony become a fact of life in this country. Now, more than ever, we need strong African-American leadership. We must have leaders who, like the leaders of the civil rights movement, are able to take action and inspire others to confront bigotry.  In the First Congressional District of Indiana, we are blessed with a number of outstanding African-American leaders. But there are 10 specific leaders that I want to recognize today for their devotion to public service and their ability to inspire future generations to achieve all that they can.  Suzette Raggs is the current Deputy Mayor of Gary. She is the first black woman appointed Deputy Mayor in the state of Indiana. She was appointed by Mayor Scott King in 1996. She is President of the Gary City Board of Public Works and Safety, the body that oversees all of the contractual agreements for the city. She is also Co-Chairman of the Harambee African Celebration in the Gary City Council Chambers as part of the Black History Month celebration. She currently sits on the Board of Redevelopment Commission for the Department of Redevelopment.  Sandra Jean Carr Irons has been the President of the Gary Teachers' Union, Local No. 4, since 1971. Her involvement in union activities has taken her all across the nation and the world. She has served in leadership positions with the American Federation of Teachers and the International Federation of Free Trade Unions. She has served on a number of state and local bodies, including the Gary Commission on the Status of Women and the State of Indiana Civil Rights Commission's Employment Advisory Committee. Prior to her service with the Gary Teachers' Union, she had been a mathematics teacher in the Gary Community School Corporation. She holds a B.S. Degree in Mathematics and Chemistry from Kentucky State College and a Masters Degree in Teaching Mathematics from Purdue University. She was also the Valedictorian of her high school class at Rosenwald High School in Harlan, Kentucky.  State Senator Earline Rogers of Gary, Indiana was first elected to the Indiana General Assembly as a State Representative in 1982, after two years as a member of the Gary City Council. In 1990, she became a member of the Indiana State Senate. During her tenure in the legislature, she has severed in several leadership positions and currently serves as Assistant Minority Floor Leader of the Democratic Caucus. As a retired teacher, Senator Rogers has taken a special interest in education reform and has co-authored many of the state's education bills. She is actively involved in many community organizations, including the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the Urban League, the Black Professional Women, the American Federal of Teachers, the Indiana State Teachers' Association, the National Council of Negro Women, the YWCA and the Hoosier Boys' Town.  Rudolph Clay is a 13-year member of the Lake County Board of Commissioners. In 1972, he was elected to the State Senate, making him the first black state Senator from Northwest Indiana. During his stay in the State Senate, he earmarked $100,000 in the state budget to recruit and hire minority state troopers. He was also elected to two terms as a member of the Lake County Council, beginning in 1978, and served as Council President. In 1984, he again broke barriers as the first black county recorder. As a member of the Board of Commissioners, he has instituted a major overhual of the county's Affirmative Action policies and practices. Most recently, he was part of the Board that adopted the most comprehensive Equal Employment Opportunity Plan to date.  Bernard A. Carter was appointed to the position of Prosecuting Attorney of Lake County, Indiana, in December 1993 to fill the unexpired term of his predecessor. In May of 1994, he was elected to the position. Prior to being named Prosecutor, he served for three years as the presiding Judge of the Lake County Superior Court, County Division III. He was the first African-American Judge elected in the history of Lake County. Prior to his election, Carter served as a Lake County Deputy Prosecutor for six years. During that time, he successfully tried more than 80 important felony cases and was appointed Supervisor of the County court division of the Lake County Prosecutor's Office.  William A. Smith, Jr. is the Lake County Third District councilman and has held that seat since 1983. In 1999, his peers elected him Vice President of the Lake county council. A graduate of the Lincoln Service Academy in St. Louis, Missouri, Mr. Smith served for 20 years as a firefighter and 12 years as the Gary City Court Administrator. He currently serves as the Deputy Government Liaison for the Calumet Township Trustee's Office.  Lonnie Randolph is the current City Judge of East Chicago, Indiana. He was appointed to that position in August of 1998. He served as an Assistant States Attorney and a Deputy Prosecuting Attorney in Lake County before entering private practice for the past 17 years. In 1992, he was elected to the Indiana State Senate. In addition to his public service, he is involved with a number of community organizations including the East Chicago Lions Club, the East Chicago NAACP, the East Chicago Katherine Boys Club of America and the Hammond YMCA.  Morris W. Carter is the Recorder for Lake County, Indiana and is a former County Councilman. Educated through the Gary Community School system, he attended the Indiana University Northwest School of Public and Environmental Affairs. As a County Councilman, Mr. Carter served on as many as 25 boards and committees throughout Lake County. He has also served in administrative posts throughout city, township and county governments. Over the past 25 years, Mr. Carter has served as mentor for some of the most outstanding leaders in the Gary community and of his generation. Recently, he has devoted much of his time and energy to the Gary Accord and the local Commission on the Status of Black Males, where he serves as a board member.  Troy Montgomery is the current President of the Lake County Council. He has represented the citizens of Gary for seven years. He is also a 33-year employee of U.S. Steel corporation. A disabled veteran, he has been active in the United Steelworkers of America,holding a number of leadership positions, including serving on the International Civil Rights Committee. He has also been active with the NAACP, serving as Chairman of the Gary Branch of the NAACP Labor and Industry Committee and as Chairman of the Indiana State Conference of Branches State Labor and Industry Committee.  Dharathula ``Dolly'' Millender is a former school librarian and Gary City Councilwoman. She is currently a member of the Board of Trustees for the Gary Community Schools. She is the author of several books for children, including Martin Luther King, Jr. which is published in both English and Norwegian. She has authored two other books on the childhood and young adulthood of Crispus Attucks and Louis Armstrong. She has also written Yesterday in Gary, a book about Gary's African-American heritage. She is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of the Gary Historical and Cultural Society. She is considered the Historian of Gary, Indiana, and frequently speaks to audiences of children, youths and people of all ages about the history of Gary and Lake County.  Madam Speaker, I ask you and my distinguished colleagues to join me in commending these outstanding African-American leaders and their efforts to build a better society for our country and the citizens of Northwest Indiana.  