Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time.  Mr. Speaker, at the outset, I want to thank the Steelworkers of America; I want to thank Jack Parten and every last member of District 7 Steelworkers of America for their invaluable help on this issue.  A number of people during the debate today tried to define or mentioned what they thought the issue of the day is. I would like to do so also.  The issue is people. Whether we use the most conservative estimates established by the Congressional Research Service, which would tell us 13 people a day have lost their jobs since July 1, 1997; or some of the more larger numbers that we have heard on this floor, where up to 1 steel worker every hour, about 3 steelworkers today since this debate started have lost and continue to lose their jobs. That is the issue. Those people, their jobs, their families.  We have heard a lot today about the global economy, world trade, globalization of the Nation. I am worried about the globe too. I am worried about a place on the globe called Alabama. I am worried about a place on the globe called Arkansas. I am worried about a river valley on that globe, the Mon-Valley in the State of Pennsylvania, and I am worried about a place on that globe, Gary, Indiana, because they have all suffered, not through any fault of their own, but the failure of this government to enforce the law of the land against illegally-traded steel.  The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Bonior) mentioned names, and I think it is important that we not use statistics, but real people. Because Sherry Ferguson from the State of Illinois is unemployed today because of illegally-traded steel. She has six children in her household. Tell her the crisis is over.  Joey Bishop from Alabama has a 7-year-old daughter at home. Let us tell Joey Bishop's daughter that the crisis is over. We are here today because the President has not acted in a sufficient fashion. He has arrived at the game late, and he has certainly not carried the day.  Others suggest that the crisis is now resolved. One speaker indicated that steel traded from Japan is down 96 percent in the last 3 months, and I would not argue that point. Here is how bad the problem was and still is. From July 1997 to January 1999, six weeks ago, Japanese steel imports are still up 74 percent. Someone indicated that steel exports from Korea are down. I would point out that from July 1997 until January 1999, six weeks ago, Korean imports are still up 77 percent, and for the same period of time, imports from Indonesia are up 890 percent.  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues, is that because they are playing by every last rule of international law and not violating our trade laws? I would suggest that is not true. Why are we here to take a global approach to put all of the countries and all of the products on the table? Because while some steel exports to the United States from some countries and for some product lines have declined, interestingly enough, just from December of last year to January of this year, suddenly, Chinese exports to the United States increased 24.2 percent, and exports from India increased by 70.8 percent in a 30-day period of time.  