The first is to indicate my support, as well, for passage of the rule. It is a good rule.  Secondly, I would like to thank the gentleman from California (Chairman Packard) and to thank all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on the committee, and to thank all of the staff for their hard work on this very good bill.  Given the allocations that the subcommittee faced, given the responsibilities that the subcommittee faced, and given the positioning we must place ourselves in to have a successful conference with the other body, I do believe that we have done a very good job.  Having said that, I want to use the remainder of my time to set the stage for the amendment I will offer to the bill. The issue deals with the question of the Clean Water Act, current permitting processes that are violative of the Clean Water Act, and the preservation of wetlands in this country.  Wetlands are key in the United States of America, and are vital as far as flood protection. Wetlands are essential as far as our water quality. They are valuable as far as the preservation of wildlife habitat, and they are critical for recreational opportunities. We are losing the benefit of these wetlands, and if the language contained in the bill today is not stripped out, we will lose additional wetlands in an unwarranted fashion.  When European settlers began to come to North America, there were 220 million acres of wetlands. As the chart indicates, in 1995, according to the Department of Agriculture, there are only 124 million acres left. According to the Army Corps of Engineers, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Environmental Protection Agency, we continue to lose 70,000 to 90,000 acres of precious wetlands every year, and this must stop.  Beginning under the Reagan administration in 1985, it became the policy of our national government to do something about this issue. The ante was upped, so to speak, in 1989 under President Bush.  I have a statement for my colleagues from President Bush dated June 8, 1989. Essentially, the President said that somewhere around 1989 he would hope that future generations begin to understand that things changed and we began to hold onto our parks and refuges, and we protected our species. In that year, under the Bush administration, the seeds of a new policy about our valuable wetlands were sown, a policy summed up in three simple word by President Bush: ``No net loss.''  The legislative riders that again I believe are violative of the Clean Water Act and will lead to the loss of additional wetlands are strongly opposed by the Army Corps of Engineers. They are strongly opposed by the FederalEmergency Management Administration. They are strongly opposed by the Environmental Protection Agency.  It is my understanding that the President has indicated the bill would be vetoed if these anti-environmental riders were not stripped from the bill. This is a serious and fundamental issue. I would remind all of my colleagues that this is only the second time in 21 years that an administration has issued a veto threat on this bill. We are talking about a major and substantive change.  I would remind my colleagues as well that in the last three Congresses, over 225 bills have been introduced on wetlands and the Clean Water Act. We have not been able to solve some of the conflicting positions and opinions through the authorization process. This is not the time, this is not the vehicle, to do this.  I would encourage all of my colleagues to listen to the debate and to support my amendment during consideration of the bill to strip this rider out. That is my one fundamental objection. It is a serious difference of opinion. It is the only one, I would point out, that I have with the chairman of the committee.  