Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I bring this motion to instruct conferees to the House floor today and would argue four points on its behalf.  First of all, I again would want to compliment the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) and the staff on both sides and members of the subcommittee because I think we in the House have put together a very good work product. I would hope that we collectively in the House could protect our prerogatives during the conference.  I would, first of all, point out as far as water projects that are important as far as the economic viability and future of this country, as well as to individual Members and their constituencies, our figure is $454 million over the Senate figure.  Because of the misallocation between the two bodies, there is a $1.2 billion difference between the House and Senate versions. And, essentially, if we factor that $400 million in, the differential as far as protecting Members' interest is about 1.6. So I think it is very important that we make the point today to the other body that we want to hold firm to protect the economic infrastructure of this country and Members' prerogatives.  Secondly, since this House passed the bill to the other body, the Water Resources and Development Act has been signed into law and that has placed even more demand as far as the limited resources we have.  The third point I would make is that, even with the higher water figure in the House, we are $320 million under what the Corps' capability is if we would fund all of the Corps' capability and projects on the boards.  Those include such important economic improvement such as harbor dredging, commercial and navigation as far as our economic infrastructure, including flood control to prevent the loss of life and property damage. It includes environmental restoration. And we have some major projects in the proposal of the beach nourishment. We recently had tropical storms and hurricanes devastate portions of the United States.  Finally, the important issue of water supply. I would close this portion of my remarks by simply saying again, given the misallocation and higher allocation with the other body, given their preponderance to oversubscribe for Department of Energy programs, I would want to protect the prerogatives of this institution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  