President, first of all, I thank the Senator from Louisiana. He has been an excellent member of the committee. He has certainly been looking out after the very serious problems that exist even today in his State of Louisiana, problems that exist as a result of Katrina and other things that were happening before, such as beach erosion and other problems they have.  I also thank Senator Boxer. We joke around about this a little bit. We are kind of opposites in terms of philosophies, but we do come together in agreement on the process we use in determining what should be done for infrastructure in this country.  Now, I said just a few minutes ago that I have what some would think is a distinction, and some would question that, but I am rated anyway as the most conservative member of the Senate, and here I am standing up asking my colleagues to join me in overriding a veto that the President should not have made. I think if there are any discerning people who really want to know why, it is pretty heavy lifting to follow this through, but I think it is important to do that.  There are some things that work in government and a lot of things that don't work. My colleagues have heard me say this before when we were talking about the transportation bill, the fact that it is something that does work, where people who are using the transportation system are putting money into it. It comes from a trust account, and we make determinations as to how it should be allocated in accordance with the needs of the States, taking into consideration things such as highway deaths and things such as road miles and lane miles, and then make those allocations. Frankly, it works very well.  This is almost the same process, except these are water projects. Several people have talked about how it is overdue. Actually, this bill is 6 years overdue. We had the last one in the year 2000. We tried in 2001, 2002, 2003, and last year we came--we passed the bill on this floor, standing right here I can remember, and we thought it would be history by now, but the clock caught up with us and we didn't have time to get it out of conference and passed into law.  Now, I think if we look at this--I am going to make a statement a lot of people would not understand, but I am making this statement for my conservative friends. If you take away the authorization process from the way we do business down here, then it has to be done by appropriators. What we are talking about today doesn't spend a dime. You have heard people say it, and I felt the President, in his message, was a little misleading to imply thatthis somehow is going to end up in more spending. It doesn't end up in more spending. It wouldn't matter what the amount of the bill is because what this does in this particular bill is it takes 751 projects, and it gives a maximum that can be spent on any project. If you go over the maximum, then you have what we call a 60-vote point of order which I will--I commit to standing up and invoking so we can't spend more money.  Now, it doesn't mean--if the total amount that you would add up in this bill is $23 billion, it doesn't mean it is going to end up costing $23 billion. That money has to be appropriated, and historically it has averaged out to about 70 percent of the projects. I have already said there are--what is the total number of projects in this bill--751 projects. Only 70 percent of those would get any funding, and then many of the rest of them will get funding at an amount far less than we are authorizing. We are saying you can go up to that amount.  Now, to understand this, I would like to kind of walk us through. It appears I will have time to do this because we don't have any more on our side who are planning to come down and speak. So the significant difference between authorizing and appropriating in the Senate is a long history, and it goes back to 1816. Let's start with the charts back there.  The responsibility of authorizing versus appropriating has been a debate that has been ongoing for a long time. What happened is, when they first created some 11 permanent standing committees, that happened in 1816 to handle legislative proposals.  At that time, they weren't really sure about authorizing and appropriating because the problem hadn't really come up yet--until 1867. In 1867, the Senate created the Appropriations Committee. It was the first step of the Senate to separate authorization and appropriations, saying that we should go through the process of authorizing before we appropriate.  In 1899, the Senate adopted a change to rule XVI to remove most of the appropriations bills from its jurisdiction because the Appropriations Committee was enacting policy on how Federal agencies internally operated. There is the difference right there. The first time that happened was in 1899. So the rule XVI, as we know it today, which gave birth at that time, said we should segregate the authorizing process from the appropriations process. Some Senators argued that the Appropriations Committee was legislating on appropriations bills, and the Senate directed that certain authorizing committees would handle appropriations legislation for the issues within their jurisdiction. And this diminished the role of the Appropriations Committee that had been established.  In 1922, the Senate changed course again and adopted another change to rule XVI. It is now rule XVI as we know it today. Rule XVI says that if you appropriate money that is not authorized, it takes a supermajority 60 votes--instead of 51 votes. That may not sound like a big difference to a lot of people, but I assure it is a huge difference in passing legislation. So that restored the general appropriations back to the Appropriations Committee. However, they had the authorization committees to take care of the problems.  I will give you an example. The Armed Services Committee, on which I am honored to sit, is an authorization committee. I could use any number of examples. For example, I could talk about our F-22 vehicle coming up, and there are going to be people who don't really know that we need to have the F-22 because the F-15s and F-16s are inferior to some of the things Russia is making in their SU-30 and SU-35 vehicles. These are technical things that most of the Senators, if they are not sitting on the Armed Services Committee, would not know. Someone who didn't have the advantage of knowing why we should authorize different vehicles to defend America would have no way of doing it if they are just appropriators. So the example I use is a good one.  Right now, in the bill we are considering today, which is in conference--the Senate armed services reauthorization bill--with the House, it addresses the problem with a ballistic missile defense system. A lot of people aren't aware of it unless they sit on the committee, but there are three phases: the midcourse phase, the boost phase, and the terminal phase. There are two vehicles on the boost phase that are still in R We don't have them yet. We are naked in order to try to knock down something in a boost phase. We have two ways of knocking down missiles in the midcourse phase, and we are working on two in the terminal phase.  I don't think there is anybody out there, after 9/11, who would not agree that we need to have this defense for America. That technology is there. If you are just an appropriator and not an authorizer, you would look at that and say: Wait a minute, we have six systems to knock down an incoming missile. So they may say we only need two; we can save X billions of dollars by only having two. But the problem is, as we all know, in the midcourse phase we don't know whether it is going to be within the range of a ground-based missile or where you can use an AEGIS missile fired off a ship. These are six technical systems that are necessary to defend America from an incoming missile. That comes from an authorization committee, not an appropriations committee. A lot of people, who don't have this information, are trying to knock down some of the money we are spending on missile defense. So I think that is probably the best example to use.  The same principle is true on my other committee, the Environment and Public Works Committee. It applies to the bill today, the WRDA bill, the Water Resources Development Act bill. We review all projects and requests, and we make sure that every project of these 751 projects goes through a lot of scrutiny, and it has certain criteria that have to be met and an engineer's report from the Corps of Engineers.  I remember one time I cast a very unpopular vote--it was the right vote--several years ago when we had the Everglades Restoration Act, which passed 99 to 1. That one was me because it didn't meet the criteria. It didn't have the engineer's report and all that. A lot of people voted for it because they were afraid they could not explain their vote back home. I never had that problem.  We have all these projects that have gone through scrutiny, and when we finally pass the bill--which we have already passed and the President vetoed, and we are going to override the veto tomorrow--it will be reality tomorrow.  Here is what will happen after that. None of these projects we are talking about--sure, a lot of them are in Oklahoma, and a lot are in Colorado, and the Senator from Missouri talked about his, and the Senator from California will talk about things authorized in California. These have all met certain criteria. Very likely, when they come up--a lot of them--for appropriations, I will come down to the floor and oppose them. It doesn't mean I agree with everything we have authorized. We are just saying that thought has gone into it, they have looked at it professionally, it met the criteria, it has engineering reports, and we ought to authorize it and let the appropriators come in, and we can look at it closely to see if maybe we authorized too much or maybe we disagree with it. Right now, I can tell you that I was opposing appropriations to many things we authorized.  I can state it a different way. The only discipline we have in spending, I say to all these people who talk about earmarks, is the authorization process because if we take away the authorization process, we have no way of knowing, when the Appropriations Committee comes with a bill to the floor and says: We want to fund this, whether it meets the criteria.  So what we are doing with the bill we have passed and the veto that will be overridden tomorrow--so it will become law--is we are saying that we are putting in a maximum of 751 projects so that they cannot go over that amount. If they do--I make this commitment on the floor of the Senate tonight--I will be the first one down here to stand up and say I am going to invoke rule XVI to require a 60-vote point of order so that we will have discipline, and the appropriators are not going to spend more money than has been authorized.  That is a quick course. I don't expect that anybody will really understand it or believe it. I know in my heart that it is right and we have to have thisprocess. This fight that has been taking place between the appropriators and authorizers since 1816 is something that is necessary, and we have to protect authorization.  Let me bring up one more thing. If the President had never vetoed this bill--it doesn't make any difference because we are going to override the veto, and everybody has to know that. So this is kind of an exercise in futility. We have the bill; it is going to be reality. In the event that we are unable to override the veto tomorrow morning, that would mean we would not have an authorization bill. That means that any appropriator could come down here, or anybody else, and say we need to have this, and they could be swapping deals and meet no criteria whatsoever, and that is not the way we want to do it. So I see this as the only discipline we have for spending.  I have mentioned that I have the rating of being the most conservative Member in the Senate, and I do. But I also realize I am a big spender in some areas. One is national defense, and one is infrastructure. That is what we are supposed to do in this body. If you don't think there is a crisis out there in transportation--our roads, highways, and waterways--not very many people realize that in Oklahoma, we are actually navigable. We have a navigation way that comes all the way to my hometown of Tulsa, OK, the Port of Catoosa, where they can come up through Louisiana and up the Arkansas River, and right now we have a problem with that. We have a 12-foot channel, except for one small area that is 9 feet. That is a choke point. That limits what we can do.  If there is anything we need in this country--and all you have to do is drive on the highways and you see the cars and trucks going by and see how much worse the traffic is today than it was in the past. One of the great ways to relieve that traffic is to be able to utilize to a greater extent our navigation ways. I don't have the statistics with me, but you can carry three trainloads of stuff on a barge and move it actually cheaper, in many respects, into places. So in order to do the things the Senator from Missouri talked about in increasing the capacity to use these navigation ways, and even to my State of Oklahoma, it is something that is going to have a profound impact on the future of transportation in this country.  I don't think there is anybody who is so naive not to understand that we have a crisis in our transportation system. The traffic is worse every day, and I am sure each one of us--the 100 Senators who serve in this Chamber--gets hundreds of letters every day asking what are we going to do about the transportation system--not realizing that our action tonight will be a great relief to that problem.  I believe in building the infrastructure of this country, and I believe in the authorization process. I believe it offers our only discipline on spending. I am sorry that a lot of conservatives don't understand this, and they believe this is a spending bill, when it is not. So as much as I hate to do this, I urge my colleagues on the Republican side to join me in overriding the President's veto of this very significant bill that each State in America needs.  Again, I know we are going to be seeing the chairman of the committee, Senator Boxer, soon. It is interesting that the committee called the Environment and Public Works Committee had the largest jurisdiction of any of the committees. Up until the last election and the new majority came in in January, I was chairman. Now Senator Boxer is chairman, and I am ranking member. We have worked together on this bill, and this is not something we have spent just a few hours or days on; we spent 6 years on it. We spent a lot of time looking at last year's bill to see what is relevant today.  Some of the detractors will say: Wait a minute, you have already authorized a lot of things that have not been appropriated. To that, I say you made my point. A lot of the things we are authorizing will not be appropriated. That fortifies the point that this should not be measured as a bill that is a $23 billion bill or something that indicates we are going to spend all this money. This is a bill that is necessary in the process to offer discipline to our spending, and that is what we intend to do.  With that, I will retain the remainder of our time, in the event one of our Members wants more time.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  