President, I rise today to have proudly introduced a resolution designating April 8, 2007, as ``National Cushing's Syndrome Awareness Day.'' I have long been dedicated to quality health care and therefore seek to raise awareness of this debilitating disorder that affects an estimated 10 to 15 people per million.  I seek your help in raising awareness of Cushing's Syndrome, which is an endocrine or hormonal disorder caused by prolonged exposure of the body's tissue to high levels of the hormone cortisol. Though it can lead to death, Cushing's Syndrome often goes undiagnosed or misdiagnosed because the initial symptoms are shared with a number of milder ailments. These symptoms include, but are not limited to, abnormal weight gain, skin changes, fatigue, diabetes, high blood pressure, depression, and osteoporosis.  Cushing's Syndrome can take a variety of forms. Normally, the hypothalamus, a part of the brain which is about the size of a small sugar cube, stimulates the pituitary gland, the adrenal glands, and then the kidneys, which release cortisol into the bloodstream. High levels of cortisol can result from overproducing cortisol or from taking glucocorticoid hormones, which are routinely prescribed for asthma, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and other inflammatory diseases.  Doctors can detect Cushing's Syndrome through a series of tests, often using x-rays to examine adrenal or pituitary glands to locate tumors. However, since awareness of the syndrome is low, doctors do not always run these tests, and patients do not know to ask for them. Therefore, treatment often comes later than it should for victims of Cushing's Syndrome. Potential treatments for Cushing's Syndrome include surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, cortisol-inhibiting drugs, or reducing the dosage of glucocorticoid hormones.  The need for heightened awareness of Cushing's Syndrome was brought to my attention by constituents who suffer from this dangerous disease. For the sake of these individuals and for the benefit of sufferers in your own State and around the Nation, I ask you to join me in this effort to raise awareness of Cushing's Syndrome.  