Let me respond to a couple assertions that have been made.  The Senator from Iowa was talking about in the event that livestock would not be hurt because they would actually end up going up later in the market and that will take care of that problem. I would suggest to you that a lot of individuals don't agree with that. I have a letter I will read a little bit out of. It is signed by the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, the Chicken Council, the Pork Producers Council, the Restaurant Association, and the Turkey Federation. All of them don't feel this is going to be the market result.  Since the Senator from New Mexico read some excerpts of a letter signed by a large number, we have many more who have signed this letter than the letter which was submitted by the Senator from New Mexico.  One of the paragraphs in here says: We are concerned that the very aggressive increase in biofuels mandates proposed in S. 1419 raises fundamental questions about the impact that an increased Federal Government mandate for corn-based ethanol, in addition to new State mandates, will have on the livestock, poultry, and food industry's ability to produce competitively available, affordable food.  In other words, this is going to affect a lot of people in their estimation in terms of the cost of food, not just livestock, not just the grain concern that is out there.  It continues: It is vitally important that we fully appreciate and understand the implications of quintupling the renewable fuels standard mandate, and we would ask that you use careful consideration and listen to the significant issues being raised by those in the agriculture and food products community.  Let me mention, I know the Senator from South Dakota was not in the Chamber when I made my remarks, but Oklahoma also is a corn State. I really believe the excellent statement that was made by the Senator from South Dakota--who has been a real champion, maybe the No. 1 champion, in this body of corn ethanol--really makes my case for me. If these States are increasing their production the way they are, then there is no problem. Nothing in this amendment is going to affect anything at all. In fact, the only concern we have is in the event there is a year where this is not true.  Let me just go ahead and make sure everyone understands what this amendment does and does not do. Quite often on the floor, we get people opposing something, and then you scratch your head and say: Wait a minute, is that my amendment they are talking about?  The amendment is a modification provision for food and animal feed based on the ratio of cornstalks to projected demand. In the case of a short- or low-corn crop year, there is currently no meaningful safety valve that would address this situation. This amendment would provide a small level of confidence to producers as well as investors that corn would be available to meet the needs of all uses. In other words, if the production is up, there is not a problem. This addresses disasters and worst-case scenarios and assures the renewable fuels standard does not lead to a shortage of corn for human or animal consumption.  It requires the USDA and the EPA to make a midyear-end determination of current weather conditions, followed by an end-of-the-year determination on the stalks-to-use ratio following harvest. If the determination estimates the stalks-to-use ratio is below 10 percent, it would trigger a temporary adjustment in the RFS to account for theneed for increased availability of corn feed. The amendment would not permit the RFS to fall more than 15 percent in any given year.  Now, it has been said--I suspect there is a letter floating around somewhere that says this would be the end of the world and it would completely destroy what they are trying to do. Let me just read the one limitation that is in this amendment. It says:       A requirement under the renewable fuels standard under      section 111(a) shall not be reduced by more than 15 percent      during any calendar year.  That is, if there is some kind of a drought or some kind of a real serious problem--it can be too much water or not enough water--then it would not affect it by more than 15 percent. Well, that is 15 percent. That is not the end of the world. It means 85 percent of these mandates are still going to be there and still be in effect.  So I think it is a very modest approach. The list of people who share this concern is a very long one. I mentioned some of the names--these industries. I will go ahead and read them at this time: American Feed Industry Association, American Meat Institute, Cargill, the Coca-Cola Company, ConAgra Foods, General Mills, Grocery Manufacturers/Food Products Association, Hormel Foods, the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, the National Chicken Council, National Pork Producers Council, the National Restaurant Association, National Turkey Federation, PepsiCo, Incorporated, Seaboard Corporation, Tyson Foods, United Egg Association, United Egg Producers--and the list goes on and on. So there is this concern out there.  Again, my State is not dissimilar in any way to the State of New Mexico. They are right next door. I would suggest we probably have about the same size corn industry, as well as perhaps our cattle industry is not quite as large as it is in New Mexico, but it certainly is not dissimilar. There is nothing I would do to be damaging to the corn industry because that is a major industry, of course, in my State.  The Food Products Association--let me mention to you how they feel. In a worst-case scenario, if you do not have some kind of a safety valve, it could be damaging. They say: More and more pursuit of corn-based ethanol is resulting in higher food and feed prices. The price of corn has jumped 55 percent since September.  According to USDA's Chief Economist, the consequences of ethanol are the biggest thing going on in agriculture today. An increase in ethanol production is already having a significant impact on food and feed supplies, such as corn, soybeans, and wheat.  The U.S. Labor Department recently reported that February prices for foodstuffs and feedstuffs were 18 percent above year-ago levels. That was in the Wall Street Journal of March of this year. According to the Wall Street Journal, the higher corn prices have raised costs for livestock and poultry which are fed corn and for crops such as soybeans, which farmers are replacing so they can grow more corn. The corn companies are starting to pass those higher prices on to consumers. Wholesale consumer food prices were 6.8 percent above year-ago levels.  So this is not happening in a vacuum. Obviously, the mandates are there for corn ethanol, and they will continue to be there. As we look down the road, Oklahoma has been pretty active in the work they are doing right now on the other types of cellulosic biomass. Right now, one of our companies in Oklahoma has been very active in that. We are leading the field. We have Oklahoma State University and Oklahoma University and the Noble Foundation leading the country in the pursuit of these technologies.  The coal-to-liquid technology is here. We are currently flying B-52s with all eight engines running on this type of a fuel. So we know it is coming. So it is not all just corn ethanol. Again, we are a corn State. We are also a big livestock State. I think this is a middle-of-the-road type of amendment.  Again, you have to respond to these statements that you are going to destroy something, when the limitation by law would be 15 percent of the current mandate in the event of some kind of a disaster. USDA is already making these studies and doing it, and it is not really requiring anything more.  With that, Mr. President, I will retain the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  