President, let me mention something else I think is critical. I have heard ugly rumors that the President of the United States might end up vetoing what we call the WRDA bill, the Water Resources Development Act. Let me say I don't understand. I am coming from a conservative perspective. I am ranked by the American Conservative Union, No. 1 out of 100 most conservative Member. Yet I am saying to you there are two things we ought to be spending money on in this country. One is national defense and the other is infrastructure.  We have a crisis in our infrastructure. The big bill on transportation infrastructure we passed a year ago is going to do nothing more than maintain what we have now, and it is anticipated in 20 years we will increase our traffic by 50 percent. What are we going to do?  The same thing is true with the Water Resources Development Act. We have not had a reauthorization in 7 years. It should happen every other year.  When you say I don't care if this thing is $10 billion or $20 billion, the amount is not significant because it is not spending money, it is authorizing. If we authorize something--hopefully, we will pass this bill today. If we authorize something, it may never be appropriated or it may be appropriated 10 years down the road. So it does not have any remote effect on the budget today.  I think it is dishonest for people to say this is somehow a spending bill and therefore we should vote against it. That is not true at all. I have the history of this body right here in my hand, and I have given several presentations on this recently. I say to my friend from Montana, who is new in this Chamber, this discussion has been going on between appropriators and authorizers since 1816.  In 1867, they realized they needed to segregate the functions of authorization and appropriations so they established the appropriators, the Appropriations Committee. That was a good thing. But what happened on that, which has been the case for a long time, the appropriators slowly took over a little bit at a time so they ended up authorizing their own appropriations. That is what we don't want.  Let me give an example. In the Senate Armed Services Committee, on which I am honored to sit, we go through all types of items, such as missile defense, as an example. We will have the boost phase and the midcourse phase and the terminal phase and we will have maybe two systems on each one. They are not redundant, but there are many people who say: Wait a minute. Maybe we should do away with that system because we can save this much money.  But take the midcourse. We had the Aegis System and then we had the THAAD system in the terminal phase. These are not redundant because they take care of an incoming missile from different areas with different technologies. You would not know that if you are just an appropriator because you don't have the staff to go in and study and get into the details. But we authorize, in the Senate Armed Services Committee, because we do have that expertise.  I say the same thing is true in my other committee that I used to chair. It was the Environment and Public Works Committee. As it applies to this particular bill, the WRDA bill--we have a set of criteria and evaluated equally all these projects. There will be many projects that have been authorized that I will come on the floor and oppose vigorously when appropriations time comes. But at least we will know they have gone through a process and they meet certain criteria. That is what is important. If you take that away, that is the first line of defense, doing away with superfluous types of earmarking.  This is the only part of that system that offers discipline in the whole appropriations process. That is what this is all about. That is why the WRDA bill is so significant. Yet people who are liberal, conservatives, Democrats, Republicans who come together and realize we have an infrastructure in this country that has been sadly neglected, and we are going to have to do something about it, our opportunity will be today and I hope we can do the responsible thing and pass it.  Then, during the August recess, you are going to hear this person, who is rated the most conservative Member of this body, out talking all over the Nation why this is the conservative approach to logically authorize these projects and then determine which ones are worthwhile.  At least we know these have met a certain criteria.  