President, I do not see anyone else in the Chamber right now. I wish to speak on a totally different subject.  Up until I guess today, turnover day, as the Presiding Officer knows, I have chaired the Environment and Public Works Committee for 4 years. I have enjoyed that very much. I will be turning that over now to Senator Barbara Boxer. We will still be working very closely together.  One thing that happened a few days ago that I think is worth getting on the record and talking about a little bit, because this is something which is going to come up in our discussions in that committee, is, as you probably noticed, Mr. President, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service recently took some action to begin formal consideration of whether to list the polar bear as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act. Over the next year, they are going to be working on this issue, making a determination as to whether the listing should take place. So right now we are starting that 1-year period.  The question the Service has to answer is this: Is there clear scientific evidence that the current worldwide polar bear population is in trouble and facing possible extinction in the foreseeable future? As the Service reviews the issue over the next year, I am confident they will conclude, as I have, that listing the polar bear is unwarranted at this time.  In the proposal, the Fish and Wildlife Service acknowledges that for 7 of the 19 worldwide polar bear populations--this is very significant. There are 19 populations worldwide for the polar bear. For seven of those populations, the Service has no population trend data of any kind. For more than a third of the known populations out there, we don't have any information. The other data suggests that for an additional five polar bear populations, the number of bears is not declining but is stable. Two more of the bear populations showed a reduced number in the past due to overhunting, but these two populations are now increasing because of new hunting restrictions.  Other sources of data mentioned in a recent Wall Street Journal piece--just this past Tuesday--suggest that ``there are more polar bears in the world now than there were 40 years ago.'' I have to say there are quite a few more, almost twice the number from 40 years ago.  The Service estimates that the polar bear population is 20,000 to 25,000 bears, whereas in the fifties and sixties, the estimates were as low as 5,000 to 10,000 bears, and most of that was due to sport hunting at that time, and most of that has been banned.  A 2002 U.S. Geological Survey study of wildlife in the Arctic Refuge Coastal Plain noted that the polar bear populations ``may now be near historic highs.''  So if the number of polar bears does not appear to be in decline, then why are we considering listing the species as threatened? Because the Endangered Species Act is broken. It needs to be fixed. We tried to fix it for the past 4 years. We have been unable to reach a consensus.  The ESA allows the Fish and Wildlife Service to list the entire range of polar bears as threatened and thereby extend a wide array of regulatory restrictions to them and their habitat despite the dearth of data and a lack of scientific evidence that polar bears are, indeed, in trouble.  The law also allows for the Fish and Wildlife Service to justify its proposal on a sample from a single population in western Hudson Bay in Canada where the populations have decreased by 259 polar bears in the last 17 years. Stop and think about this. This is the western Hudson Bay in Canada, 1 of 19 sites. This is the one which is the most severe.  The population has decreased by 259 polar bears in the last 17 years; however, the figures that the International Union of Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources says that 234 bears have been killed in the last 5 years alone. If you figure that 234 have been killed in the last 5 years, the total in the last 17 years is 259, you have to assume that more than the 259 were actually shot. Ironically, Canada now is liberalizing a lot of their hunting in that area, and it is going to allow more hunting. This is something they need to address.  At this point, I would like to say that while I support hunting as a general matter, we need to fully understand its impact on the polar bear population before we blame global warming for changes in bear population. I already said we can document pretty well--scientifically it is documented--that the number of bears has actually increased except in areas where hunting is more prevalent.  I think there are a lot of people who want to somehow insert global warming as a crisis in everything and use polar bears for that reason, and we are not going to let that take place.  The Fish and Wildlife Service asserts that the reason for the decline in the western Hudson Bay population is climate change-induced ice melting. To make that assertion, they rely on hypothetical climate change computer models showing massive loss of ice and irreparable damages in the polar bear's habitat. The Service then extrapolates that reasoning to the other 18 populations of polar bears. There are 19 populations, 1 of them is in trouble, but they use that as the model, and they take that and apply that same extrapolation to the other 18 populations of polar bears, making the assumption all bears in these populations will eventually decline and go extinct.  Again, this conclusion is not based on field data but hypothetical modeling, and that is considered perfectly acceptable scientific evidence under the Endangered Species Act.  That is why it should be changed. I don't believe our Federal conservation policy should be dictated by hypothetical computer projections because the stakes of listing a decision under ESA could be extremely high. The listing of the polar bear is no exception. The ESA is the most effective Federal tool to usurp local land use control and undermine private property rights. As landowners and businesses have known for decades, when you want to stop a development project or just about any other activity, find a species on that land to protect and things will slow down and many times they stop. It could be the bearing beetle, the Arkansas shiner, and now it could be the polar bear. This is because section 7 of the ESA requires that any project that involves the Federal Government in any way must meet the approval of the Fish and Wildlife Service before the project can move forward. The Federal Government's involvement in the project can take the form of a Federal grant, an environmental permit, a grazing allotment, a pesticide registration or land development permit or a number of other documents. The law requires that Fish and Wildlife intervene and determine if the project may affect an endangered or threatened species.  So in the case of the polar bear listing, oil and gas exploration in Alaska, which accounts for 85 percent of the State's revenue and 25 percent of the Nation's domestic oil production, is immediately called into question. Likewise, the State's shipping, highway construction or fishing activities will also be subject to Federal scrutiny under section 7.  Furthermore, because the Fish and Wildlife Service has linked the icefloe habitat concerns of polar bears to global climate change, all kinds of projects around the country could be challenged. Some would say this isn't possible or that I am exaggerating. But ifyou take the ESA to its logical conclusion, which is certain to be done by environmental special interest groups, any activity that allegedly affects climate change or greenhouse gas emissions, they have to be evaluated and approved by Fish and Wildlife for its effect on the icefloes on which polar bears depend. Thus, this proposal could be the ultimate assault on local land use decisionmaking and suppression of private property rights to date.  So it is important that we take the next year to gather information, to make sure it is logical science, and that our decisions are science based. Again, the Wall Street Journal of this past Wednesday--not Tuesday--has an article where they go through and document very well, very succinctly, that we are not having a problem in losing this population. In fact, it is actually growing. So I ask unanimous consent to include the Wall Street Journal editorial in its entirety.  