President, let me thank Senator Domenici for all his hard work. It is one of the few times I can recall that I have disagreed with him on a position. I do so on this particular bill. Let me first say while the chairman of the EPW committee is still here, I agree with the comments she made. We have some provisions in here that are an improvement but, in my mind, not enough of an improvement to pass this bill. First let me say I what I think is wrong with this. The renewable fuels standard increase isgoing to mandate an increase from 7\1/2\ to 15. That is of corn ethanol. Then other bio increases are more than that. But as far as the corn is concerned, in my State of Oklahoma, I have been talking to the livestock people and the poultry people, the meat industry in Oklahoma, the backbone of our economy. They are very distressed because of the increase in the cost of feedstock. This is going to make it that much worse. There are other problems with that, too, with ethanol's effect on food prices: economic sustainability, transportation infrastructure needs, the water usage in this process. It is something I think is a bad provision.  It is going to pass, probably with 80 votes. Maybe I will be the only vote against it. But another thing, I am not as impressed with the CAFE standards. I know everybody is talking about, yes, we have to do this. We have to have these mandates. You have to keep in mind this is still America. We have choices in America. In western Europe they don't. Some other countries they don't. So we are going to be emulating them. If you will listen to the National Safety Council, the Brookings Institute, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, the National Academy of Sciences, all of these groups say this provision is going to be a safety threat for Americans.  On the tax provisions, I do appreciate the fact that they were able to bring down some of these. There are still some tax increases but nothing like it was at one time. I think it is important for people to understand this does extend a $1.4 billion tax, the FUTA tax. This was established in 1976 to repay loans from the Federal unemployment trust fund. They were all repaid by 1987. So they keep finding a vehicle to renew a $1.4 billion tax increase on the American people. It is right here in this legislation.  One of the things I guess that bothered me more than anything else was when we did the highway bill, the highway reauthorization bill was a good bill. We spent a lot of time on that. We had provisions in there to give the States more flexibility with their money to meet the needs in their States with the recognition that the States are closer to the people. They know what their needs are more than the Federal Government does. We got those provisions in there. Because some people in the House didn't want the States to have that flexibility, we beat them in conference so they put it in this bill. So now we have two provisions in this bill that are going to make it more difficult for States. In fact, it is going to take away their flexibility. We are taking away States rights with this bill. That is what it does.  I will tell you what it doesn't do. It has no provisions for nuclear power. Everybody understands we have to address that. That was one of the provisions when we first started talking about this. Nothing in there for clean coal technology, for exploration, to promote refinery expansion. We had a bill called the Gas Price Act. No one should have been opposed to it. I begged to have this as a part of this bill. Those who put it together found it wasn't something that could be acceptable. It would increase our refinery capacity and resolve many other problems with some of our closed military bases. That was not a part of this bill and should have been.  This bill will mean a profound increase of the cost of fuel at the pumps. People have to know that. We can talk about how good it is and send out our press releases, but in the final analysis, it is going to increase the price at the pump. It is going to make it more difficult. It is going to exacerbate the problem of what I consider to be an energy crisis.  So it is not an energy bill. It is one that I may be the only one opposing, but I thought I would share with you why I will.  