President, what the Senator from New Mexico is suggesting is exactly what I have in mind. I have an amendment I will be calling up at an appropriate time that is mutually agreeable. It does affect the taxation end. I have talked to Senator Baucus and Senator Grassley. I believe they are going to be favorable toward it.  There are not many one-sentence amendments. That is what this one is. Let me read it to you and tell you why I am offering it. Then I will wait until tomorrow and hopefully get in the mix.       Notwithstanding any other provision of the law; no federal      funds shall be provided to any organization or entity that      advocates against tax competition or United States tax      competitiveness.  Let me just give you an example. After World War II, there was an effort to implement the Marshall Plan. When that was done, in 1961, an organization was formed that was called the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. This is an international organization which advocates tax increases for the United States specifically to make us less competitive. They have stated explicitly that low-tax policies ``unfairly erode the tax bases of other countries and distort the location of capital and services.''  What we have here is a Paris-based bunch of bureaucrats seeking to protect high-tax welfare states from the free market. That is why the OECD goes on to say that free market tax competition ``may hamper the application of progressive tax rates and the achievement of redistributive goals.'' Clearly, free market tax competition makes it harder to implement socialistic welfare states. The free market, evidently, has not been fair to socialistic welfare states. Well, it is a good thing they have the OECD and nearly $100 million in U.S. taxpayer money to aid them.  Noted economist Walter Williams clearly sees the direction in which this is headed when he says that ``the bottom line agenda for the OECD is to establish a tax cartel where nations get together and collude on taxes.''  Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill seconded that when he said that he was ``troubled by the underlying premise that low tax rates are somehow suspect and by the notion that any country . . . should interfere in any other country's'' tax policy.  So the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has issued a report entitled ``Harmful Tax Competition: An Emerging Global Issue,'' which establishes a new international body, the Forum on Harmful Tax Practices, to implement the measures outlined in the report. The OECD has endorsed and encouraged higher taxes, new taxes, and global taxes no fewer than 24 times. They have advocated a value-added tax, a 40-cent increase in the gas tax, a carbon tax, a fertilizer tax, ending the deductibility of State and local taxes from Federal taxes, and new taxes at the State level.  So I believe this is something we will have a chance to debate, and I would think it actually would be accepted. Again, all it is going to be is just one sentence. It reads:       Notwithstanding any other provision of the law; no federal      funds shall be provided to any organization or entity that      advocates against tax competition or United States tax      competitiveness.  I cannot think of any more appropriate bill to have this on than this bill we have before us currently.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I thank the Senator from Ohio, who has stepped aside for me.  