President, now December 18 and we are all anxious to get home. Additionally tomorrow is my 48th wedding anniversary. That's why I want to get home. Standing in our way is final disposition of the 2008 appropriation bills. The leadership has brought before us an omnibus bill that combines the remaining 11 regular appropriation bills not yet signed by the President. That in and of itself is a failure. Instead of working to pass the annual appropriations bills and ensure the continued operation of our Government, congressional Democrats have spent the majority of the 110th Congress playing political games with critical funding for our troops, attempting to pass surrender resolutions, and pushing a path to amnesty for the millions of illegal immigrants in our Nation. Two months past the end of the fiscal year, Congress only managed to pass one of the annual appropriations bills, instead choosing to roll billions of dollars in funding into an Omnibus appropriations bill hours before Congress is supposed to recess for the year. In fact, this year we observed the latest date in 20 years that Congress failed to send a single annual appropriations bill to the President's desk. This Democrat-controlled Congress should be labeled as nothing but irresponsible. Additionally, I am here to point out that this bill violates rule XVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate because it is legislating on an appropriations bill.  Title I of Division C, which appropriates money for the Civil Works program of the Army Corps of Engineers, the following projects have either not yet be authorized or the amounts appropriated for them under this bill exceed the authorized levels:  Louisiana Coastal Protection and Restoration study; coastal Mississippi hurricane and storm damage reduction study; rural health care facility on the Fort Berthold Reservation of the three affiliated tribes; North Dakota environmental infrastructure project.  During consideration of H.R. 1492, the Water Resources Development Act, Public Law 110-114, I elaborated for my colleagues in great detail the history and function of the authorization process and stated that I would oppose any appropriation bill that attempted to fund projects either not previously authorized, or above their authorized level. As I made clear in my statements on September 24 prior to passage of the conference report and again on November 8, prior to the Senate's veto override vote, the authorization process is the foremost mechanism we have to control spending. We are violating it in this bill.  In addition to these increases in spending, the omnibus includes numerous provisions authorizing or modifying other projects and policies of the Corps in nonspending ways. These legislative provisions, too, should be decided within the authorization process, not in an omnibus appropriations bill.  Just over a month ago, we authorized $23 billion in projects for the Corps of Engineers, and Chairwoman Boxer and I have already begun discussions on a new authorization bill for 2008. So, I have to ask why are we violating not only the Standing Rules of the Senate, but creating an opportunity for criticism on our ability to control spending. It makes no sense, it is not necessary and I believe goes to the heart of why the public has such a low opinion of Congress. They don't trust us. Why should they, we cannot seem to follow our own rules.  Before I close, I would like to point out one more area of unnecessary and irresponsible legislating in this omnibus appropriation bill. There are several provisions to address climate change scattered throughout the bill. These provisions include creation of new requirements and a new mitigation incentives fund for the Economic Development Administration, in title I of Division B; a sense of Congress with a call for a mandatory program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, in Division F; and the creation of a mandatory greenhouse gas registry, in title II of Division F, which appropriates money for the Environmental Protection Agency. We are in the middle of a regular order process for the consideration of climate change legislation. To include these provisions now, at the last minute on an omnibus, is a total affront to that process.  The proposed registry language is a completely standardless grant to the EPA, possibly an unlawful delegation of Congress' power to legislate. The language directs EPA to develop a mandatory reporting program of greenhouse gas emissions ``above appropriate thresholds in all sectors of the economy of the United States.'' There are no other standards or directions to the Agency. There are no standards by which a reviewing court can judge EPA's actions.  This registry language should be removed or, at a minimum, allowed to sunset at the end of fiscal year 2008 without implementation or effect.  In another provision, the appropriators express concern about proposed new power plants in Texas. This provision, at the very least, should refer to all fossil fuel generation, not just single out coal-fired generation.  Colleagues, I have no illusions that my attempt here today to bring about discipline on the spending process will succeed, but I cannot allow the bill to go through without registering in the strongest possible terms my objections to what we are doing here today.  I have no doubt that each of the Army Corps projects mentioned above have merit, and I would be happy to work with the sponsors, as would, I am sure, Chairwoman Boxer, during the authorization process, but doing it now is wrong. It violates our rules, it removes discipline from the process.  