President, let me tell you something procedurally that is going to happen here in about an hour at 10 o'clock. There is a list of amendments. First, there are two of them, and then the Salazar amendment will be considered. After that, the Inhofe amendment will be considered.  Now, I want to get something understood procedurally because I think it is very important for everyone, particularly the occupant of the chair at this time, who has the Salazar amendment, to know what is going on.  A year ago, we debated the Inhofe amendment that would make English the national language for the United States of America. We debated it at length, hour after hour. We talked about that every President back to and including Theodore Roosevelt in 1916 made comments that English should be the official and should be the national language of the United States of America. We talked about the 50 countries that have English as a national language, one being in west Africa--Ghana--and one being in east Africa--Kenya--but not the United States of America.  Now, one of the things that happened a year ago is I had my amendment up, which is essentially the same amendment that will be up tonight. I would like to have you listen carefully. It is really a one-sentence amendment. All it says is:       Unless specifically provided by statute, no person has a      right, entitlement, or claim to have the Government of the      United States or any of its officials or representatives act,      communicate, perform or provide services, or provide      materials in any language other than English.  In other words, this is an entitlement.  Now, it has exceptions in there for laws that are on the books, such as laws protecting the sixth amendment, which would be the Court Interpreters Act and other such things. However, itwas aimed--I don't want to act as if I am hiding this because we talked about this a year ago. One of the things has been very controversial: At the very end of the Clinton administration was when he passed Executive Order No. 13166, and 13166 essentially said that if you are a recipient of Federal funds, then your documentation can all be done in whatever language you desire, so it could be Swahili, it could be Spanish, or any other language.  Now, what happened a year ago was they passed my amendment--and my amendment was exactly the same as it is today--and it passed by a vote of 62 to 35. Does that sound right? So, 62 to 35. Then right after that, the Salazar amendment--and I see the Senator from Colorado is preparing to respond--was passed, which gutted my amendment, did away with it.  So those individuals who voted for my amendment and then voted for the Salazar amendment--and there are quite a few Democrats and Republicans who did that--voted to make English the official language and then, in the next vote, 3 minutes later, voted to take it away.  Now, I see that this is happening again tonight because, unfortunately, I have to offer my amendment first. I anticipate it will be adopted because it is very popular. Right now, the polling shows that 91 percent of the people in America want English as an official language, and 76 percent of Hispanics believe English should be an official language.  Now, I am prepared to go on and debate this issue. I should not have to do it since 62 Members of this body already voted in favor of it. What I am going to say now, though, is very significant because if you vote for the Inhofe amendment when it comes up tonight, then vote for the Salazar amendment, you are essentially saying you are gutting the Inhofe amendment and you do not want English to be the official or the national language of the United States of America.  The Salazar amendment is exactly the language in the underlying bill. I have it before me. I would be glad to read it. In fact, I am not sure how this time is going to work out. If we have time equally divided, I am going to run out of time. So I will just state that the language is precisely the same in the underlying bill. The underlying bill actually puts into law executive orders, and this specific executive order of 13166, which gives anyone an entitlement to any language he or she wants, will become law. That is the language which is in there right now.  I am attempting to change that language. If my amendment is adopted, it will change. However, the next vote is going to be on the Salazar amendment. I am just saying to you, as my friends out here, do not vote for both of us because if you vote for both of us, you are voting to make English the official language, and then, in the very next vote, you are taking it away and reinstating the original language in the bill.  So I hope no one is going to think it is going to go unnoticed if anyone votes for my amendment and then votes to kill the amendment they just supported. That is what is going to happen tonight. I look forward to the vote.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kennedy). The Senator's time has expired.  The Senator from Colorado.  