President, there will be other Members who want to come down to speak. When that happens, if staff will remind me, I will interrupt my remarks in order to give them time.  But I want to approach this legislation a little bit differently. I could be standing here and saying some of the same things my good friend from Missouri said in terms of things that are in this authorization bill that are critical to my State of Oklahoma, but I think my State of Oklahoma already knows that. I already talked to them about it.  We have things in this bill, and they are not all projects that will be built, but these are projects that the Corps of Engineers has carefully gone through, prioritized, and determined should be done.  Let me give you an example. We have work on the most devastating Superfund site in America called Tar Creek in northern Oklahoma. That is something that is going to be addressed in this legislation. We are more than 50 percent through resolving that problem, but more needs to be done--things such as a lake called Arcadia Lake that is close to the central part of the State. The city of Edmond has been in not a lawsuit but a legal difference with the Corps of Engineers now for many years, and they were almost forced to pay several million dollars for water they never did receive. So a lot of this bill clarifies problems that are out there, and it is necessary.  I think the Senator from Missouri made it very clear, the last time we had a bill was the year 2000--7 years ago--and actually that bill, 7 years ago, was only a 1-year bill. A lot of people think it was a 2-year bill. It was a 1-year bill. We are supposed to have these every year or 2 years, but we have not had one.  Last year I can remember standing here on the floor, and I think we actually got it passed, but then we ran out of time before adjournment took place.  It is very difficult for me to do this because I love our President, but I think he has been ill advised in this case because, as has been pointed out by the Senator from Missouri, this bill does not spend a dime. For people to walk around--and I am doing quite a bit of time on talk radio to make sure the public is aware of this--this is an authorization bill.  In a minute, I am going to explain the history of authorization versus appropriations. I hope there are some people who are listening, particularly conservative people. The reason I say that--we are all rated around here for being conservative or liberal. I happen to be rated by the American Conservative Union, and several other organizations, not No. 2, I say to my friend from Colorado, not No. 3, but No. 1--the most conservative Member of the Senate. Yet I am standing here asking this Senate to override the President's veto of the authorization bill called WRDA.  Now I see my friend, the junior Senator from Louisiana, is wanting to have some time. I will be glad to yield to him, and then I am going to come back and kind of go over some history at that time.  How much time would the Senator like? Ten minutes?  I yield the Senator 10 minutes.  