President, it is my understanding that the test language, the IG said, apparently has been corrected. I only remind my friend from North Dakota and my friend from Missouri that when I had the English language amendment up, we used the same definition I believe they are using right now in order to make sure there is adequate knowledge of English language by Mexican truckers. I will read what it said: Applicants have up to three chances to read and write one sentence correctly in English. That is the test, which doesn't give me a very high comfort level.  The amendment I am offering, No. 2796, would prohibit the FAA from using any money in fiscal year 2008 to implement their proposed new ATC training system. It is called the ATCOTS. The FAA has sped up the schedule for transition without giving sufficient attention to the transition from the old to the new. By prohibiting the FAA from using fiscal year 2008 funds to implement this new training system, there will be additional time to plan for the transition, if we decide the transition at that point is something we want to do.  Finally, there has been no explanation on why the existing system does not work. This additional time can be used to examine the current system and determine where it needs to be changed, if it needs to be changed.  This is how the current system works. This is how the FAA wants to change it. Currently, candidates must enroll in an FAA-approved education program and pass a preemployment test which measures his or her ability to perform the duties of a controller. Let's keep in mind, we are talking about controllers who have our lives in their hands. It happens that I am in my 51st year of aviation. Just as recently as 2 days ago, I was flying, and I have a great deal of respect for these people. To me, the training must absolutely be perfect. The candidates currently must enroll in an FAA-approved education program and pass a preemployment test which measures their ability to perform the duties of a controller. Then the FAA has designated 15 institutions around the country for preemployment testing. The candidates must also have 3 years of full-time work experience and have completed a full 4 years of college. These have to be people who have a college education, have to have 3 years of on-the-job training. Then they have to, of course, have gone through this preemployment test. Then if the candidate successfully meets those three tests, they are eligible for employment as an air traffic controller.  Successful candidates attend the FAA Academy in Oklahoma City for 12 weeks to learn fundamentals of the airway system, the FAA regs, controller equipment, and aircraft performance characteristics. Upon graduating from the academy, the candidates are assigned to an air traffic control facility as ``developmental controllers'' where they receive training on specific controller positions. Generally, it takes 2 to 4 years, depending on the facility and the availability of facility staff or contractors, to provide the on-the-job training.  Currently, there are two separate contractors that provide training for potential controllers: one contractor at the academy and one contractor for on-the-job training at the facility. What the FAA wants to do is to combine these two contracts into one, thereby speeding up the training, they believe, and getting more controllers to train faster.  Because controllers hired--and most of us have been around long enough to remember this--after the PATCO strike are now eligible for retirement, the FAA estimates they need to hire and train approximately 15,000 new air traffic controllers over the next 10 years. They believe the air traffic control optimum training solution, which is called ATCOTS, will accomplish this because it will, No. 1, leverage current industry best practices to develop innovative training services delivery solutions; No. 2, achieve efficiencies by reducing time and the cost it takes to certify professional controllers; No. 3, institute continuous improvement within the training program; and No. 4, establish a performance-based contract management system. That is what the FAA hopes to achieve, but I have yet to understand how.  Recently, the FAA announced that they plan to issue a request for proposals for this new single controller training contract in January of 2008, with an expected award in June of 2008. That is less than a year from this month. This is despite assurances to the Oklahoma delegation that there would be a multiyear transition to ATCOTS. In other words, it is going to take several years to make the transition, if it is desirable. Now it appears ATCOTS could be fully implemented within 1 year, although there is no clear transition plan. The winning bid is supposed to provide the transition plan.  Furthermore, there is no clear assurance that the millions in taxpayer dollars already invested in the FAA training academy in Oklahoma City will continue to be used. Per the documents I have seen, if the winning bidder should choose to conduct the initial classroom instruction elsewhere, they have that option. I question why we would abandon the academy and our Federal investment there.  Finally, I do not believe there has been sufficient examination of the cost benefits of this new training program. Rather, there has been a rush to fix a system that no one has been able to explain, at least to me, how or if it is broken.  My amendment merely slows down the process so Congress can have more time to examine what are the shortfalls of the current training system and how the proposed ATCOTS system will improve the training. This is like so many things we rush into. We lay out the predicate that we are going to spend all this time and be deliberate in making sure we are not getting into something that is not, in fact, a lot better than the old system, when we have yet to see anything to at least convince me or any plausible argument that there is a problem with the existing system.  While I could have introduced an amendment to stop this, I didn't want to do that because I thought if it is more efficient, then it might be something we may want to consider. But I can assure my colleagues that nothing has been done so far that would convince me that it is a better system. I don't think we should be using 2008funds. My amendment would give us another year to determine whether this is the wise thing to do. I believe it is a reasonable approach.  I yield the floor.  