That is fine. I do not think I will use all of this time right now. But in the event I get close to it, if the Chair would let me know when I have 3 minutes left, I would appreciate that.  I don't know where to start. I really don't. I don't have all my stuff I normally would have in talking about this subject right now because I did not know this was going to come up.  Certainly, everyone has a right to bring up amendments. This amendment is totally out of place for this bill. There is no justification for having it.  Let me make one comment about it. If the idea is--and apparently it is--this amendment is going to instruct the Corps of Engineers to come out with a report as to how anthropogenic gases would be affected by each project that is constructed around the country, let me suggest we have a $14 billion bill we are going to be voting on at about 5:30, 6 o'clock tonight. It is one that we desperately need. We have been debating this issue.  But I can assure you, if for some reason the Kerry amendment was adopted, it would kill the bill. There is no question about it. But it is not going to be adopted. It is a good forum to stand out here and talk about how everyone should be hysterical and should be worried.  It is interesting to me that the same people today who are saying the world is coming to an end, we are all going to die, just back in the middle 1970s were saying another ice age is coming and we are all going to die. Which way do you want it?  On this one, he is asserting, I guess, that somehow the climate is changing. Let me suggest, in 2006 the World Meteorological Organization issued statements refuting claims about a consensus that global warming is and will cause more frequent and intense storms, saying no such consensus exists. Even Al Gore has now backed away from claiming that global warming will cause more frequent storms.  I have a chart in the Chamber, a plot of the hurricanes going back to 1851. As you can see, this is constant. This has been going on for a long period of time. Now, if a surge of anthropogenic gases--this CO2, methane, or whatever it is--were causing a warming period, then you would think right during the period around 1945 we would have a warming period because in the middle 1940s, after the Second World War, we had the greatest increase in greenhouse gases, with an increase of about 85 percent during that time.  But what happened? It did not precipitate a warming period. It precipitated a cooling period so bad that by the middle 1970s everyone thought we were going to die from another ice age coming.  Now, as far as this bill is concerned--I will probably repeat this in a little more detail in the final remarks, but I have to say this: We have $14 billion of projects. These are Corps of Engineers projects that are desperately needed. We have not had a Water Resources Development Act reauthorization bill for 7 years. We finally have the opportunity to have it.  Now, if this amendment should be adopted, it would delay all these projects by at least a year because the Corps would have to go back and restudy all these projects. So I think we should keep that in mind in terms of how it affects the bill we have.  Now, the junior Senator from Massachusetts talked about this great coalition called the U.S. Climate Action Group. Well, I can tell you about this great coalition. I do not know how many there are. There are about maybeseven or eight companies, corporations that have joined this saying: Yes, we want to have some kind of a cap and trade on CO2. We want to do something, maybe have a tax on them because we are good citizens. We are concerned about the environment.  Well, we had a hearing about that, only to find out every last one of them that we could research would end up making not just millions but in some cases billions of dollars if something like Kyoto would go through. I will be specific. DuPont would make $500 million a year in credits. DuPont, no wonder they are for it. If I were a member of the board of directors of DuPont, I would also do the same thing they are doing.  These are being paid for reductions in greenhouse gases as a result of things they have already done, so they do not have to do anything more. I am saying the $500 million a year--this came from an internal study, so this is not someone making an accusation--is based on $10 a ton. If it goes up to $20 a ton, then it is going to be $1 billion a year. So DuPont is for that. GE and BP, they are doing the solar panels and the wind tunnels. Well, sure, they would make a lot of money.  We can quantify all this. There is not time to go through all of that.  The other assertion that was made by the distinguished junior Senator from Massachusetts was that the sea level is going to come up. There are so many people who have watched the Gore movie, and a lot of the teachers have gotten into this, and it makes teaching real easy. There is one school in Maryland, and a parent came by to see me after we had our confrontation with Senator Gore about 3 weeks ago and said: Do you realize in my child's elementary class, his teacher makes them watch this movie once a month? They said the scary part is--for little kids who do not know any better, they think it is true, when it is not true. They said the scary part is the sea level rise.  This is what the Senator is saying: The sea level rises. I would suggest the IPCC, that is behind all of this--that is where it all started, like a lot of things in this country; it started with the United Nations--they came out in 2007, this year, and they have downgraded the sea level rise from 39 inches to 23 inches. They have cut it in half. They said further, in a report this year, the release of anthropogenic gases by livestock is greater than our entire transportation segment.  So we watch these things. Jim Hansen--I am going to talk a little about the scientists. I hear this thing, and the reason we are seeing so many people now in a panic is they realize the science has been changing on a regular basis for the last 3 years.  In fact, I have to tell you, when I became chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee in January, 4 years ago, I assumed that manmade gases were causing climate change. That is all you read in the media and all you heard about on radio and TV. I assumed it was right, until they showed us how much this would cost to the average American taxpayer. Then we said: Let's look at the science, only to find out that the science has been reversed.  Scientists always talk about Jim Hansen. I have been on several shows, and there is Jim Hansen. He has been more exposed on this than any other scientist.  I remind you that Jim Hansen was given a grant from the Heinz Foundation of $250,000. I cannot say there is no relationship between that and his opinion. I think there is and I will tell you why. I am going to talk about scientists.  Let's start off in Canada, which was one of the early signers of the Kyoto Treaty. Canada was taking the advice of a famous group called the 60 scientists in Canada. These are the 60 scientists who, at that time, recommended to the then-Prime Minister of Canada that they sign onto and ratify the Kyoto Treaty. Well, since that time, the scientists--that same group of people--have reevaluated the science. I will read some of these things they come up with. The one I know by heart is the most revealing. It says:       Observational evidence does not support today's computer      climate models, so there is little reason to trust model      predictions of the future.  Significant scientific advances have been made since the Kyoto Protocol was created, many of which are taking us away from the concern about increasing greenhouse gases. Listen to this. These are the 60 scientists in Canada who were the ones responsible for advising the Prime Minister 15 years ago to sign the Kyoto Treaty. They say:       If back in the 1990s we knew what we know today about      climate, Kyoto most certainly would not exist, because we      would have concluded it wasn't necessary.  They are now petitioning Prime Minister Harper to change their position on climate change. We have scientist after scientist. This is a good one. I used this the other day. Of the three strongest supporters of the alarmists--I am talking about the environmental alarmists who want to scare people--representing countries in a formidable fashion, one was Claude Allegre, a French Socialist, a geophysicist, a member of both the French and American Academies of Science. He was one who marched in the aisles with Al Gore 10 or 15 years ago, saying global warming is happening and it is caused by human discharges. Now he is saying that it was wrong. He has completely gone over to the other side. He says that the cause of climate change is unknown. He has accused the proponents of manmade catastrophic global warming of being motivated by money. I will talk about that in a minute.  Let's go from France to Israel. Astrophysicist Nir Shaviv was one of those real believers, an alarmist. He thought the world was coming to an end and that we are going to be warming up and that we have to do something about it. But he now points to growing peer-reviewed evidence that--the Senator from Massachusetts said there is no peer review evidence. Yes, there is. Shaviv refers to it here:       Peer reviewed evidence shows that the sun has actually been      driving the temperature change.  That is a shocker. You don't have to be a scientist to know that the Sun can have something to do with climate change. He has now come to the other side and is a skeptic. That was Nir Shaviv from Israel, who was on the other side. They are all shifting.  David Bellamy from the United Kingdom was another environmental campaigner at one time. He recently converted into a skeptic after reviewing the new science. Keep in mind that he is a Brit. He now calls global warming theories ``poppycock.''  These are actually, I would say, a few months old. Let me tell you what is happening recently. This is all in the last few days and weeks, and this is why all these people who want to scare people with global warming are in such a panic. They see that the science is slipping away. Think about this fact: Many people think their ticket to the White House is to scare people with global warming. Talk to anybody running for President. Watch it on the debates tonight. If they can scare you good enough, you may vote for them because they say they are going to do something about this.  Here is a brandnew one. Dr. Chris de Freitas of the University of Auckland, New Zealand, said:       At first, I accepted that increases in human-caused      additions of carbon dioxide and methane in the atmosphere      would trigger changes in water vapor, et cetera, and lead to      dangerous ``global warming''. But with time, and with the      results of research, I have formed the view that although it      makes for a good story, it is unlikely that manmade changes      are drivers of significant climate variation.  He wrote that in August of 2006. He was one who was on the other side of this issue.  Here is another one. Dr. Jan Veizer, professor emeritus of the University of Ottawa, converted from being a believer to a skeptic after conducting scientific studies of climate history. He said:       I simply accepted the global warming theory as given.  He said that in April 2007. He said:       The final conversion [to a skeptic] came when I realized      that the solar/cosmic ray connection gave far more consistent      picture of climate, over many time scales, than it did the      CO2 scenario.  Here is another recent one. This is a paleo climatologist, Ian D. Clark, professor of the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Ottawa, who said:       I used to agree with these dramatic warnings of climate      disaster. However, a few     years ago, I decided to look more closely at the science and      it astonished me. In fact, there is no evidence of humans      being the cause. There is, however, overwhelming evidence of      natural causes, such as changes in the output of the sun.  Here is another new one, Bruno Wiskel, from the University of Alberta. He once was a believer in manmade global warming. He set out to build a ``Kyoto house'' in his own yard in honor of the U.N.-sanctioned Kyoto Protocol. That is how much of a believer he was. This was said about him:       After further examining the science behind Kyoto, Wiskel      reversed his scientific views completely and became such a      strong skeptic that he wrote a book entitled ``The Emperors      New Clay Markets,'' debunking the myth of global warming.  I could go on. I could spend 3 hours talking about scientists who were on the other side of the issue. I don't know where these guys came up with this idea. This is one that gets personal with Senator Gore. Keep in mind the source of this. This is MIT, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the Senator from Massachusetts is making these statements. MIT climatologist Richard Lindzen, in June of 2006, said:       A general characteristic of Mr. Gore's approach is to      assiduously ignore the fact that the earth and its climate      are dynamic. They are always changing, even without any      external forces. To treat all change as something to fear is      bad enough. To do so in order to exploit that fear is much      worse.  We can go on and on and on. I have found one thing to be probably easier to discuss with people than the science. I think at least people know that the science is not established, and there is no question that the trend now is that those scientists who were alarmists are now skeptics.  While you could debate the idea of how accurate the science is on this thing, there are things that you cannot debate. This is from the Wharton School of Economics. When I was chairman of the committee and I was a believer that this was true, this caused me to start looking into it. This is the Wharton Econometrics Forecasting Associates:       Implementing Kyoto would reduce the average annual      household income nearly $2,700, at a time when the cost of      all goods, particularly food and basic necessities, would      rise sharply.  That is bad enough, that it would be $2,700. I don't know, in this particular amendment, what it would be. This amendment is clearly aimed at causing us in this country to somehow get into this mode of having either a tax on carbon or a cap on the trade program. Keep in mind, this is old stuff here, which has been around a while. More recently, we have had studies that were done by others.  Here is the MIT study that was released last month. This study analyzed the economic impact of some of the carbon cap on trade proposals. We have looked at this. The study found that the Boxer-Sanders bill, which is the one to be taken up by Senator Boxer and Senator Sanders, would impose a tax equivalent of $4,560 on every American family of four. The Lieberman-McCain proposal, which is more modest, would cost the same American family more than $3,500 in 2015 and almost $5,000 a year by the year 2050. This is huge.  I can remember, in 1993, the largest tax increase in modern history was proposed and passed by the Clinton-Gore administration. It increased the marginal rates on all Americans by huge amounts. I could describe it, but it was a huge tax increase. It would cost $32 billion a year. Now, while that would cost $32 billion a year, the Kyoto elements that came out of the survey would cost over $300 billion a year. In other words, what I am saying is that the cost of cap on trade systems, or these reductions they are talking about, is far greater than 10 times the largest tax increase of 1993 in modern history. You can argue the science. One thing you cannot argue is the money. It will cost that amount of money.  I am going to go and cover a couple of things that I think are of interest. We will put up the EU chart. When Kyoto was passed, and prior to being ratified by a number of different countries, of the 15 Western European countries, only 13--all signed on, I say to the Chair, and ratified the Kyoto Treaty--all 15 countries of Western Europe. Out of those 15 countries, only 2 actually have met their emission requirements. Everybody can pat themselves on the back and say I am going to pass this thing, but only 2 out of 15 met the requirements. These are the countries, and the United Kingdom and Sweden were the only two out of all those countries that reduced the amount of emissions and tried to reach a target. The rest of them had increases in emissions. There it is right there on the chart.  So let me suggest to you something else that is significant. During the Clinton-Gore administration, when they had the various meetings with people trying to sign onto the Kyoto Treaty, we talked about how much money this was going to cost. Thomas Wigley was the scientist chosen by Al Gore during the Clinton-Gore administration. He was charged with the responsibility. He said if all developed nations--not some but all--signed on to the Kyoto treaty and lived by its emissions requirements ratified by the treaty, how much would it reduce the temperature in 50 years. I finished saying of the 15 western European countries, only 2 have made the targets. It is not going to happen, but if it did happen in never-never land, let's assume all the developed nations, all of us sign on to it and live by the emissions requirements, how much would it reduce the temperature in 50 years? The result at the end of 50 years was seven one-hundredths of 1 degree Celsius. It is not even measurable. So we have had the largest tax increase for 50 years and yet nothing has come from it.  I am going to go over something we did a few weeks ago. A few weeks ago the distinguished chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee--the committee I used to chair--decided she would have a hearing and have Al Gore come in and give his pitch, talk about his accomplishments, and so forth. I felt it wasn't going to go too well, so all I could do was use the opening statement I had. I had 10 minutes for an opening statement. This is what I did.  I said: I am going to state seven positions and, Mr. Gore, I would like to have you, since you are going to have all the time in the world to respond and I won't have nearly as much time, I want you to refute, if you can, any one or two or seven of these seven. He could not do it and did not do it. So we accept as fact those issues which I stated and he didn't refute. Let me go over them quickly.  No. 1, this is somewhere between a $300 billion and $380 billion tax increase on the American people annually. That is there. No one is going to deny that. That has already been verified. He did not refute that point.  No. 2, if all these things happen, it would be like the chart we saw: It would only reduce the temperature by seven one-hundredths of 1 degree Celsius in a period of 50 years, and everybody understands that is true. He didn't refute that.  No. 3, there is no link between hurricane intensity and global warming. I don't think anybody wants to get into that debate. I can and I will, perhaps--I won't get around to it until the second go round--very carefully and succinctly talk about the fact that scientists are now saying the linkage doesn't exist, and even Senator Gore is not talking about that anymore. That is No. 3.  No. 4, the sea level rise scenario is bogus. That movie a lot of kids are required to watch--kids are impressionable. They don't understand. They don't know it is science fiction. They think this is something that is going to happen, and those kids have nightmares. I have parents tell me--similar to the lady from Maryland whose daughter had to watch that movie once a month--we are all going to drown. It is a horrible thing, but they believe that.  Now we know the sea level rise scenario is bogus, and we have the documentation that says it is. He didn't refute that.  No. 5, it is all about money. You could put this in a lot of different categories. Yes, there are huge amounts of money involved. We already talked about the corporations supposedly joining in this coalition to reduce greenhouse gases because they are good citizens, only to find out they are making millions and, in some cases, billions of dollars by doing it. Every time I say this, I say I don't criticize them because if I were chairman of a board of any of those companies, I would do the same thing.  I already said how much money we are talking about. There are huge amounts of money to be made. Al Gore--and this is a small thing--after his little award the other day, his speaker's fee went up to $200,000 a speech. That is money. Obviously, there are a lot of people who would like to get in on that deal.  There is also George Soros, the Michael Moores, and these various foundations such as the Heinz Foundation that put in thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars, contribute to campaigns, buy off scientists. That group is very busy. That is No. 5. That wasn't refuted.  No. 6, the believers are converting. That is what I started off this presentation with, that the believers who are out there, who were strong believers 12 years ago, are now saying the science isn't there. I have given the documentation, I have given the quotes, I have given their names and titles. They are all distinguished scientists from all over, and they are coming the other way. That is why I say panic is setting in because all of a sudden people realize people are catching on.  Then the last point, No. 7. If you look at the movie--I confess, I have not seen it--the last frame of the movie says--I believe this is going to be accurate because I have it pretty well memorized: Are you ready to change the way you live?  The whole idea of the movie was to get people to start not using toilet paper and all this stuff the elitists in Hollywood want everybody else to do except for them. Then we find out Senator Gore's house in Tennessee emits 20 times the greenhouse gases of the average home in America--20 times. I said: You are asking everyone else are you ready to change the way you live. So I asked him to take a pledge, giving him a full year to comply, saying at the end of a year I will have my house emissions down so it will be the same as average America. This is day 51, by the way, and he hasn't signed that pledge.  I say these not in a light vein, because this isn't light. This is serious stuff. The science is there. The money is there. The taxes are there, the cost to the American people. Fortunately, the American people are catching on.  A lot of people have said: All right, Inhofe, so you got into this thing after you were once a believer in the fact that manmade gases were causing climate change, and you changed when you found out what it was going to cost. If the science isn't there and it is going to cost the American people 10 times the largest tax increase in history, then why would people be for it?  I suggest there are a lot of people outside who are very vocal. One statement is from France, from Jacques Chirac. Jacques Chirac said Kyoto is not about climate change. He says:       Kyoto represents the first component of an authentic global      governance.  That is not Inhofe, that is Jacques Chirac.  Another is Margot Wallstrom. She was the environmental minister for the European Union. Margot Wallstrom said:       We are not talking about climate change, we are talking      about--  Listen to this, Margot Wallstrom--       Kyoto is about the economy, about leveling the playing      field for big business worldwide.  There you have it, Madam President. My wife and I have been married for 48 years. We have 20 kids and grandkids. I am doing this today for them. I don't want them to have to pay huge tax increases the rest of their lives for something where most of the science has already been refuted.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  