President, I thank Chairman Boxer for all of her work and efforts. One thing that is kind of interesting about this is, it shows you this bill has the support of everyone, philosophically, across the whole scope. One of the ratings that came out recently rated me as the No. 1--ACU rating--conservative Member of the Senate, and Senator Boxer was No. 97. So she is a proud liberal, I am a proud conservative, and we proudly both support this bill. That is an accurate statement.  Let me say to Senator Boxer and the Democrats who have been so supportive, they have done a good job talking about what we have done over the last 7 years. This is 7 years of work, Mr. President. It is one we have all worked together on. To the right, to my conservative friends, let me say the President cast his veto. I think the veto was ill-advised. When the President comes through with his vetoes of big spending bills that exceed the budget--maybe SCHIP when it comes in--I will support sustaining his veto, or when Labor-HHS comes along that will be over and above the budget, I will be one of the first ones on the floor to support the President in sustaining the veto.  Last night, we had a lot of time. We weren't confined to a short period of time. I had an opportunity to do something I enjoy, and I had some kind comments about it from some of my Democratic friends. I was giving the history, back to 1816, of authorization versus appropriations. It is interesting because right now we are continuing to make that same argument. I think that is the strongest argument in favor of this bill. What is at stake is the authorization process.  I am going to ask my conservative friends to support this override for two reasons. First of all, as was said by many before me--and I have to say it again--it doesn't spend a cent. This is not a spending bill. If your idea is it is out of range, and you cannot support it because it spends too much, that is the wrong way to look at it. We have worked 7 years to put together this bill. Mr. President, there are 751 projects in the bill, and each one has gone through an authorization process, whereby we have received a report from the Corps of Engineers on each one, and it has taken a long time to get this done.  One of the critics said last night: Why should we authorize more? We have not appropriated all that we have authorized in the past. That is my point. We have 751 projects and probably, judging from the past, we will only authorize maybe 70 percent of those, and they would not be authorized at the highest level. So that is why we have the discipline in place to keep excessive spending under control.  Let's just say--and it will not happen because we are going to override the veto--we did not override the veto and we don't have this bill. There is no way of coming back with a different bill. It cannot be done procedurally. We know that. We would be operating to appropriate for what has not been authorized. That absolutely would not work. It takes all of the preparation, criteria, and reports out of the process.  So, anyway, we don't know how many of these will ultimately be funded. I have to tell Senator Boxer I will be down here opposing some of the things we are authorizing today because that is the way the system works. That is where we have to have fiscal discipline. We have rule XVI, which says, if the appropriators come out and appropriate money that exceeds that which we authorize, it will take a 60-vote point of order margin on rule XVI. I will come down and personally lodge that point of order.  So I say this: This bill does offer the maximum fiscal discipline, and I ask my conservative friends to join us in this veto override, and then join me in sustaining the vetoes on spending bills. Again, this is not a spending bill.  Mr. President, I understand the yeas and nays are automatic.  