I appreciate it. In the same month, August, they peer-reviewed scientific literature, all of the literature from 2004 to 2007. In this report--this is 539 papers. These were the same ones used before as an example of what is going on. This is what they are going to review. It has not been released yet. It was done in August:       Less than half of all published scientists endorse the      global warming theory.  Less than half. Then it says:       Of 539 total papers of climate change, only 38--  That is 7 percent ``gave an explicit endorsement'' that man is the major cause of climate change. That is huge. That wasn't here until August of this year.  I only bring these points out to say that anyone who says the science is settled to at least give me their attention for 2 hours. I will be talking about these issues.  Here is what the American people need to know. I don't know what the cost of this would be if we were to pass the Warner-Lieberman bill. I have no way of knowing because I didn't see it until this morning. No one has made an evaluation. If we go back to the old Kyoto reductions, the Wharton Economic Survey said it would cost the average family of four in America $2,700 a year. Then when MIT came out addressing the two bills--the Boxer bill that is not yet introduced--it would cost the energy system, it would increase the cost of energy an amount equal to $4,500 for a family of four, and this bill apparently, or at least the old McCain-Lieberman bill, which this is very similar to but a little bit more aggressive in the later years, it would be $3,500 per family of four.  I remember coming down to this floor, I say to my good friend from Tennessee, back in 1993 during the largest tax increase in the last few years prior to that. It was called the Clinton-Gore tax increase. It was an increase that was equal to about $300 per family of four. Here we are talking about something that will be 10 times the largest tax increase in the last three decades.  This fact cannot be ignored if there is some question in terms of science. They will say there is not, that it is settled. I am going to be quoting facts that will shoot that down, and people should look at it. We have to realize we have a lot of families in America, and we have to consider what kind of a tax increase this will impose on them.  My hope is this--and I say this to the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee who will be joining me in about 3 minutes in a hearing--let's have some hearings on this legislation. Let's bring it out. Let's really spend some time because this is very significant if we are looking at something that is going to cost the average taxpayer something like 10 times the largest tax increase we have experienced in this country. I look forward to it.  