 President, I am pleased that the conferees on the fiscal year 2005 Military Construction Appropriations bill have reached agreement, and I would like to say a few words about the bill.  The conference report includes important funding for the reconstruction efforts in States affected by recent hurricanes and assistance for agricultural producers suffering from drought and other natural disasters.  First, let me address the military construction portion of the agreement. While the President's budget request was $9.55 billion, only 2.5 percent over last year's enacted level, the conference report provides $10 billion for military construction and family housing programs for fiscal year 2005.  These new facilities are crucial to the well being of our troops, especially at a time when our active and Reserve forces are, along with their families, being asked to make enormous sacrifices for our country.  The conference report also provides $11.6 billion in disaster assistance, including $8.8 billion for hurricane-related relief which is designated as emergency spending and $2.8 billion in assistance for agricultural producers suffering through drought and other natural disasters, which is offset by a cap on spending for the Conservation Security Program.  I think we all recognize the importance of this assistance package, but I am disappointed that the majority insisted on treating emergencies in different part of the Nation unequally.  Drought relief for farmers in the Midwest and across the Nation is no less important than hurricane relief in the Southeast and should not have required an offset from the Conservation Security Program.  Offsetting this funding hobbles the effectiveness of one of the most important environmental programs in the Department of Agriculture.  I was also concerned that the package requested by the President leapfrogged Federal Highway Administration assistance for damage done by the hurricanes ahead of the backlog of projects required to repair damage from past disasters.  However, this concern was addressed by an agreement to fully fund the backlogged emergency relief program in the pending omnibus bill.  Chairman Hutchison indicated at the conference that Speaker Hastert and Majority Leader Frist have committed to fully fund the States that need this assistance, and I appreciate their help on this issue.  There are currently $752 million in projects that have not been funded, even though they have already qualified for emergency relief.  California alone has over $240 million in projects that have not been funded. I appreciate Chairman Young's willingness to rectify this situation and look forward to the emergency relief funding program being funded in the omnibus.  The conference agreement also includes Senator Stevens' provision on the Alaska Natural Gas pipeline.  Senator Stevens has worked for the past few years to authorize funding for this pipeline, and I am pleased that we could get this done for the senior Senator from Alaska.  The provision authorizes the construction of a pipeline from Prudhoe Bay, AK, to the lower 48, with a dedicated supply of natural gas to California.  The provision provides Federal loan guarantees to whatever entity builds/ decides to build the pipeline, as Senator Stevens requested.  The demand for natural gas in this country is growing exponentially, particularly in my State of California. Natural gas prices have risen dramatically over the past several years, from $2 per thousand cubic feet in 1998 to over $7 just this week.  We need more natural gas, and I hope that Senator Stevens' provision to bring Alaska natural gas down to the lower 48 states and particularly California will help meet that demand.  Mr. President, while I would have preferred to pass the Military Construction bill without the contentious issues surrounding this disaster assistance package, I support this conference report and hope my colleagues will do the same.  Finally, I want to thank Senator Hutchison for the manner in which she handled this process. I have long admired her integrity and her leadership in reaching this agreement was outstanding.  Mr. President, this is a good bill. It has had some hiccups along the way. One of them, of course, was the House put in the disaster relief package and had the signatures and would have eventually rolled us in conference.However, Senator Hutchison said that we would have another conference, that she would not do this, and she kept her word. That is a very big thing in this body, that if you give your word, keep your word, and she did. I am very grateful for that.  Because of this conference we were able to receive an amendment from the Senator from South Dakota, Senator Johnson, on drought relief. It was defeated, but then we were able to pass the bill without rancor and without a sense that in the dark of night the Democratic side had been done in.  I am very proud to say that I think it is a good bill. I want to give Senator Hutchison credit for that. She kept her word. That is a very big item.  I thank Senator Hutchison, and I appreciate the time.  