 President, today with my colleague, Senator Kyl, I commemorate Domestic Violence Awareness Month and pay tribute to the millions of victims of domestic violence in the United States: both those who daily face fear and pain at the hands of the ones they love, and those who have had the courage to seek help.  Domestic violence causes far more pain than the visible marks of bruises and scars. It is devastating to be abused by someone that you love and think loves you in return. It is estimated that approximately 3 million incidents of domestic violence are reported each year in the United States. Tragically, domestic violence remains a pervasive threat to the fabric of America's families and the well-being of America's future.  Around the world, one out of three women is abused by their domestic partner or another member of their family. This means that each of us probably knows at least one victim of domestic abuse.  It is primarily a crime against women, who account for approximately 85 percent of domestic abuse victims each year. Indeed, nearly one-third of American women report being physically or sexually abused by a husband or boyfriend at some point in their lives, and each year as many as 324,000 women experience domestic violence during their pregnancy. It is truly heartbreaking to hear these victims' stories and to know that so many women and even some men face this pain on a regular basis.  Domestic violence does not only happen to adults. Forty percent of girls age 14 to 17 report knowing someone their age who has been hit or beaten by a boyfriend, and approximately one in five female high school students reports being physically and/or sexually abused by a dating partner. And these are only the cases that are reported.  Additionally, many children are caught in the middle, witnessing abuse or being abused themselves. Domestic violence is witnessed by between 3.3 and 10 million children every year. And, studies show that half of all men who frequently assault their wives also frequently abuse their children. 