 President, I thank the Senator from Iowa for his leadership on this issue, and I join him wholeheartedly.  Funding for public health programs has never been more critical. The President's budget, for the first time in 10 years, includes a decrease in Function 550. This is the portion of the budget that covers cancer research, AIDS treatments and new discoveries, potential health threats, including anthrax or other biological or chemical attacks--all through the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control, the Indian Health Service, and others. If we do not adopt this amendment, all of those programs are threatened with cuts. Let me speak about how this amendment works. It increases the budget for discretionary public health programs for fiscal year 2005 by $6 billion. That is a 12-percent increase over the fiscal year 2004 level.  Now, a 12-percent increase in Function 550 is supported by more than 400health groups. And, this increase is also paid for. It is paid for by a 61-cent increase in the federal tax on tobacco, which will bring in about $8 billion per year. Mr. President, $6 billion of the $8 billion covers the cost of increasing funding for public health, and the remaining $2 billion goes for deficit reduction. It is a prudent step to take at this point in time.  Now, you might say, why? We know tobacco kills. And we know that prevention saves lives. For the first time in my State--California--we have had a drop in lung cancer incidences and death among women because of the tobacco prevention programs that are taking place. So I think an increase in the tobacco tax is an appropriate means to support a 12-percent increase in cancer research.  Let me speak to that for just a moment. We now have seen the mapping of the human genome. This holds tremendous promise for finding cures for diseases like Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, diabetes, and cancer, by attacking their genetic roots.  We have seen advances in genomics, in molecular biology, which have made the development of new, targeted cancer therapies such as Gleevec, for chronic myeloid leukemia; Herceptin, for breast cancer; and, most recently, Avastin, for colon cancer.  We now have drugs that are so advanced that they can target just the bad cancer cells and not harm the good cells. These drugs are amazingly effective and are less toxic for the patient.  I have been vice chair of the National Dialogue on Cancer, now called C-Change, for 4 years, and co-chair of the Senate Cancer Coalition for even longer than that. If there ever is a time to continue the march to solve major health problems before this Nation, this is that time.  This amendment allows that to be done, with a 12-percent increase for public health programs. And it is fully offset. It would be funded from an increase in the tobacco tax, a tax that I think is an appropriate measure--about $2 billion for deficit reduction and $6 billion to fund this amendment.  I urge the Senate's approval of this increase in basic health functions across the board.  Mr. President, I yield my remaining time to the Senator from Illinois.  