 President, I rise in favor of the Jumpstart Our Business Strength, JOBS, Act.  I supported this bill when first passed out of the Senate on May 11 of this year and I will support it again today. In fact, the DeWine-Kennedy amendment on FDA oversight of tobacco improved the bill.  Without this legislation, U.S. companies will face increasing tariffs as a result of a World Trade Organization ruling that determined that significant portions of our Federal Tax Code ran counter to international trade laws.  The DeWine-Kennedy amendment that we adopted will strengthen the bill by restricting advertising and promotions that appeal to children; stopping illegal sales of tobacco products to children; requiring changes in tobacco products, such as the reduction or elimination of harmful chemicals, to make them less harmful or less addictive; prohibiting unsubstantiated health claims about so-called ``reduced risk'' tobacco products that would have the effect of discouraging current tobacco users from quitting or encouraging new users to start; and requiring the disclosure of the contents of tobacco products and tobacco industry research about the health effects of their products.  This amendment is absolutely essential to me should a tobacco buyout be included in the conference report.  But this legislation is still far from perfect and I have growing concerns about what we may see when this bill returns to the Senate following conference. This concern has been heightened by what I see contained in the House bill.  First, the House bill contains the $9.6 billion tobacco buyout proposal that contains no provision for FDA oversight of tobacco products.  Second, the House bill is not offset by revenue raisers and would cost $35 billion through 2014, according to the official Joint Committee on Taxation estimate. Alarmingly, this cost estimate does not provide a true sense of the bill's fiscal impact because the bill employs two budget gimmicks.  The first gimmick involves phasing in tax cuts slowly over the 10-year period covered by the legislation. This ``backloading'' of tax cuts shaves tens of billions of dollars off the 10-year cost of the House package.  The second gimmick involves having tax cuts expire before the end of the 10-year period, even though the intention is, in many cases, for the tax cuts to be extended and to remain in effect on an ongoing basis.  The Joint Tax Committee has estimated that making permanent most of the temporary tax cuts in the House bill would add $190 billion to the cost of the bill through 2014.  In contrast, the Senate bill is fully offset and will effectively provide a 3-percent tax cut for manufacturers; give manufacturers a 50-percent tax credit for the cost of adding jobs; extend the research tax credit through 2005; protect hundreds of thousands of workers from cuts in Federal overtime protections; prevent the Federal Government from spending taxpayer dollars on contracts with companies that use foreign labor when there are domestic alternatives; provide a tax credit for companies which produce energy by using underbrush and other potentially hazardous fuels found in our forests; provide a tax credit for consumers who buy hybrid vehicles; protect the California film industry and the jobs it creates; and provide for FDA oversight of tobacco products.  I will be looking for very specific items to be included in the conference report. The final bill should be fully offset and not increase the deficit; contain strong and effective FDA oversight of tobacco products if the bill contains a tobacco buyout provision; and require that any tobacco buyout provision be funded by tobacco manufacturers, not taxpayers; contain a tax credit for the open-loop biomass industry that works to reduce fire hazards in California; and protect companies, such as the film industry, that did nothing wrong under the old law and yet face the possibility of having their tax benefits cut.  And, to the conferees, I want to stress the importance of these provisions to me. These are not ordinary times and we must protect the integrity of our tax system from those who would twist it at the cost of fiscal responsibility.  The long-term budget outlook remains grim. Although the deficit may recede somewhat over the next few years from its current historically high level, it will swell as the baby boomers retire in large numbers in the coming years and eventually reach unsustainable levels. One of the most prudent steps that we as policymakers can take in preparation for this impending challenge is to reduce the deficit today.  Moreover, corporate tax revenues are at all time low levels as a share of the economy. The Congressional Budget Office projected in March that corporate tax revenues will equal 1.4 percent of GDP in 2004--lower than the average levels seen in each decade since the 1940s.  Furthermore, CBO projects that corporate tax receipts will remain at about 1.8 percent of GDP through the end of the decade. This is lower than the average level of corporate tax receipts in each of these decades except for the 1980s, when corporate receipts plummeted from the effects of tax cuts and economic conditions.  Given the historically low corporate revenues, it does not represent sound policy to use the revenues gained from closing corporate loopholes to fund new targeted corporate tax breaks. The goal should be to restore the corporate revenue base, at least in part, in order to help reduce the deficit, not to diminish the corporate revenue base further.  So while I support the Senate version of the JOBS bill because on balance it provides important protections for California workers and businesses, I do so warily and will reserve final judgment until I see the conference report.  