 President, I thank the Senator from Iowa for his very eloquent presentation. I agree with him 100 percent. I also thank the Senator from Massachusetts for his presentation.  As the senior Senator from California, a lifelong Californian, I will make a few remarks about Chris Reeve.  I remember when I saw Chris Reeve in ``Superman.'' He was 25 years old. He was amazing. We now learn he did some of his own stunts. And then what followed was the ``5th of July,'' and I remember ``Somewhere in Time.'' We saw this tall, handsome actor, seemingly invulnerable.  I remember the film footage when he went over that jump on a horse. We learned that he had severed a vertebra high in his neck which canceled out all speech and rendered him quadriplegic for the rest of his life.  As many know, it is rare that an individual survives more than 2 years with this form of injury. Yet he survived for 9 years. I remember listening to a CNN interview with Paula Zahn over stem cells. He said: When somebody lies still and doesn't move anything for a matter of days, cannot even scratch their nose, let them talk to me about stem cell research.  In fact, this is a catastrophic injury presenting him with a catastrophic problem. So many people suffer from many of these injuries and from catastrophic disease, all of which may well be helped if we go eagerly, enthusiastically, and scientifically into stem cell research. That is the challenge. Parkinson, diabetes, Alzheimer's, spinal cord injuries all can be helped.  Yet Christopher Reeve, who could not move, made amazing progress--not a recovery but progress--and would appear here before hearings and hold press conferences and urge us to move forward with a stem cell bill.  I had the pleasure of introducing the first stem cell bill in this Senate. There are five Members--the Senator from Utah, Mr. Hatch; the Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Kennedy; the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter; the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Harkin--who are cosponsors of the major stem cell bill. We will be back. We will reintroduce it as one of our first bills in January in this new session. I will be asking my colleagues to rename this bill the Christopher Reeve National Stem Cell Act.  I want all of America, through this bill, to know Chris Reeve's last 9 years on Earth were not, in fact, in vain, that we will produce a bill that will, in fact, put America on the scientific horizons of research for catastrophic and disabling diseases and injuries. If we do not, I believe other States will follow with what California is doing.  California has on the ballot a proposition. It is known as proposition 71. It would produce $3 billion in bond funds to allow California to plunge ahead to produce stem cell research. Now, other States will follow if we do not move with a national bill. So I hope we will.  