 President, last year the White House proposed redefining the job descriptions of millions of workers and thus eliminating their right to Federal overtime protection.  After several in this Chamber raised serious concerns over such a change, the administration released final rules that make significant, but insufficient, changes to those draft rules. Left alone, these rules will take affect later this year.  I support the Harkin amendment because it is sensible and protects hardworking employees. The amendment simply prevents the White House from implementing changes in existing overtime laws that reduce the number of jobs protected by those laws.  The stated objective of the administration is to increase worker protection. This being the case, I would think this amendment would be an easy accommodation for the President to make.  However, if the numbers of the Department of Labor are correct, then more the 117,000 individuals could lose overtime protection. If they are wrong, it could be millions.  These rule changes would wipe out overtime pay protections and increase work hours. In California alone, several hundred thousand workers could lose their Federal overtime protection. However, State law will continue to protect most workers from the deleterious effects of this rule change. But some public employees and many in the film industry won't be so lucky.  Although most workers in California will maintain their right to overtime through protections granted by State law, the rule change represents a movement in the wrong direction when it comes to enhancing worker protections.  As we all know, losing overtime pay protections would also result in huge pay cuts for many workers. This is an issue of fairness. Our workers are more productive then ever and yet President Bush feels that it is necessary to penalize those very individuals who have literally built this Nation.  Those hurt most will be disproportionately women and minority. They will be mostly middle and lower income. They will be struggling to make ends meet and they will be worrying about paying the mortgage.  Given the still high unemployment rate and the uncertainty still plaguing our economy, this is not the time to be making it harder for workers; rather, it is a time when we should be helping all workers achieve fairness in the workplace.  It is well known that by requiring companies to respect the 40-hour work week, we encourage businesses to hire additional workers. With more than 8 million people still out of work, we should continue to encourage companies to maximize employment while respecting the workforce they have.  I urge my colleagues to support the Harkin amendment.  