 President, I rise today with my colleague from New Mexico, Senator Domenici, to introduce an amendment to address one of the critical security issues in the post-9/11 world: the existence of weapons-usable nuclear materials at hundreds of vulnerable facilities around the world.  President Bush has singled out terrorist nuclear attacks on the United States as the defining threat our Nation will face in the future.  In making the case against Saddam Hussein, he argued: ``If the Iraqi regime is able to produce, buy, or steal an amount of uranium a little bigger than a softball, it could have a nuclear weapon in less than a year.''  What he did not mention is that with the same amount of uranium, al-Qaida, Hezbollah, Hamas, or any terrorist organization could do the same and smuggle a weapon across U.S. borders.  And the fact that Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan's network put actual bomb designs on the black market only heightens the need to make sure these materials are not available.  Nonetheless, there are hundreds of vulnerable facilities around the world that store from kilograms to tons of plutonium or highly enriched uranium. The State Department has identified 24 of these locations as high priority sites.  In response to this threat, the administration has focused its efforts on removing vulnerable international nuclear materials through four projects: the take-back by Russia of highly enriched uranium fuels from Soviet-supplied reactors; the ongoing effort to convert Soviet-designed research reactors from using highly enriched uranium to using non-bomb-grade fuels; the decades-long effort to convert U.S.-supplied research reactors from highly enriched uranium to low enriched uranium and the on-going effort to take back U.S.-supplied uranium.  These are important steps, but I am deeply concerned that these efforts arenot sufficient and do not adequately address the seriousness of the issue. For example, the current approach will take 10-20 years to complete at the current rate of about 1 facility per year. This time frame ignores the near-term dangers we face.  Under the current approach to the take-back of Soviet-supplied uranium, there have been only two successful removals of highly-enriched uranium in more than two years, at Vinca and at Pitesti. But the Vinca operation also required the additional contribution of $5 million from the Nuclear Threat Initiative to complete, because of the Bush administration's claim of inadequate authority to pursue various actions to facilitate Serbian cooperation.  The U.S.-Russian bilateral agreement on a broader take-back effort has taken years to complete--and even once final Russian government approval is secured, many obstacles remain. Indeed, Russia has never prepared certain types of environmental assessments related to these weapons. To move forward with this agreement, it will require sustained, high-level pressure.  U.S. efforts to convert highly enriched uranium-fueled reactors within Russia are still moving slowly on the technical front, in part because of insufficient funding. And we are only now beginning to take the first steps toward providing incentives directly to facilities to give up their highly enriched uranium.  The scope of the conversion effort in Russia is inadequate. It covers only research reactors, ignoring critical assemblies, pulsed powered reactors, and civilian and military naval fuels. This leaves numerous vulnerable HEU stockpiles scattered across the former Soviet Union.  Under the current U.S. uranium take-back effort, if no new incentives are offered, tons of U.S.-supplied nuclear materials will remain abroad when the program is complete. And scores of U.S.-supplied reactors may continue to use highly enriched uranium indefinitely.  If weapons of mass destruction, WMD, out of the hands of terrorists is the defining threat to our Nation, then removing weapons-usable material from facilities susceptible to terrorist theft should be a top priority for U.S. national security policy.  Yet, currently there is no single, integrated U.S. government program to facilitate the removal of these materials. To address this problem, Senator Domenici and I have offered this amendment to: urge the President to establish a task force within the Department of Energy on nuclear removal; provide a specific mandate for a program to remove nuclear material from vulnerable sites around the world as quickly as possible, whether the material was supplied by the U.S. or the Soviet Union; provide flexible approaches, tailored to each site, to encourage facilities to give up their nuclear material, and; authorize funding to begin these efforts.  Osama bin Laden has declared the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction a ``religious duty.'' After the Taliban was defeated, blueprints for a crude nuclear weapon were found in a deserted al-Qaida headquarters in Afghanistan. It is clear that obtaining a nuclear weapon is a top priority of al-Qaida.  And a report released last year by the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University demonstrated the severity of the threat posed by a nuclear weapon in the hands of terrorists.  The report described a scenario in which a 10-kiloton nuclear bomb is smuggled into Manhattan and detonated, resulting in the deaths of 500,000 people and causing $1 trillion in direct economic damage.  We must do everything in our power to prevent this from ever happening.  This amendment will give our Government the direction and resources necessary to remove nuclear materials from vulnerable sites around the world in an expeditious manner.  We have little time to spare. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  