 President, I join Senator Biden in support of this amendment to pay for the President's request for an additional $25 billion to fund the war in Iraq.  This amendment will temporarily roll back the acceleration of the President's May 2003 tax cuts for those making more than $319,000 per year by raising the income tax rate from 35 percent to 36 percent for 5 years, 2005-2009.  Assuming passage of this supplemental funding request, the Iraq war will have cost the American people more than $175 billion. And without this amendment, every penny of this $25 billion supplemental request will be borrowed, becoming another debt we will leave to our children and grandchildren.  This amendment, however, offers a very reasonable way to pay for this stage of the war on terror.  By rolling back the acceleration of the May 2003 tax cut just enough to fund the $25 billion request before us, we will reduce the already serious debt burden on our Nation.  We are offering this amendment because it is essential that we begin paying for the programs that we propose.  It is important for the public to know that they--along with our soldiers--must also sacrifice during this war on terror.  Except to tell us that we should visit our shopping malls more frequently, the President has shown little leadership in asking citizens to give to this war effort.  This amendment sends a different message--one that says that it is important that those who have the capacity to pay for this war effort must step forward.  It is time for sacrifice. Deficits, interest costs and the debt are growing again.  Net interest payments on Federal debt are set to increase sharply from approximately $170 billion in 2003 to more than $300 billion by 2012.  And we are facing these daunting fiscal realities as we try to meet a host of new challenges: the war on terror, the war in Iraq, the threat of North Korea, and, of course, securing our homeland.  The Congressional Budget Office predicts that the Federal deficit for fiscal year 2004 will top $470 billion--the largest deficit in our history.  A portion of every dollar we spend from this day until the end of September 2004, will be borrowed money--money our children and grandchildren will have to repay.  After this year's deficit, it is estimated that we will accumulate almost $1.5 trillion in debt during the next 5 years and a total of $2 trillion during the next decade  To help us understand the fiscal track we are on, one must understand that this year's deficit is larger than the amount the President requested for defense in his Fiscal Year 2005 budget request, 447 billion, and larger than the combined non-defense discretionary budget for this year, 459 billion.  Further, the budget projections we are now using do not include the cost of military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. So add another $25 billion to $80 billion to the deficit.  Nor do they include long-term costs associated with correcting a growing problem with the Alternative Minimum Tax, AMT. This will cost $660 billion over the next 10 years.  The current budget picture also hides the full impact of extending the President's tax cuts to just the next 5 years. Beyond this 5-year window, the costs escalate dramatically. The total 10-year cost of those cost: $1.6 trillion.  And the budget uses $1.1 trillion of revenue from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds over the next 5 years.  Overall, our Federal debt is expected to rise from $6.8 trillion today to $15.1 trillion in 2014.  Why do Deficits Matter? They matter, as the Brookings Institution points out, because they slow economic growth. By 2014, the average family's income will be an estimated $1,800 lower because of the slower income growth that results when government competes with the private sector for a limited pool of savings or borrows more from abroad.  They increase household borrowing costs by driving up interest rates: A family with a $250,000, 30-year-mortgage, for example, will pay an additional $2,500 in interest for a one-percent hike in interest rates.  They increase indebtedness to foreign creditors. Japan holds $526 billion of our debt. China holds $144 billion. The United Kingdom holds $112 billion. Caribbean Banking Centers hold $62 billion.  They require that a growing proportion of revenues be devoted to paying interest on the national debt: By 2014, this increased borrowing will cost the average household $3,000 in added interest on debt alone.  They impose enormous burdens on future generations. Today's young people will have to pay more because our generation has increased the debt so tremendously. And there will be added pressure to cut spending on health care, education, and other critical services.  Additionally, deficits will prevent us from addressing looming crises in both Social Security and Medicare when the baby boomers retire.  In 2003, we spent $1.2 trillion on these programs and other entitlements--54 percent of the Federal budget. This includes Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps, unemployment compensation.  By 2009, we will be spending $1.6 trillion for these entitlements--57 percent of the Federal budget.  By 2014, we will be spending $2.1 trillion--59 percent of the budget.  These programs are in serious danger if we continue down this path of deficit spending.  In January of last year during his State of the Union Address, the President said the following:       This country has many challenges. We will not deny, we will      not ignore, we will not pass along our problems to other      Congresses, to other Presidents, and to other generations. We      will confront them with focus and clarity and courage.  Well, this is one challenge we are passing on to other Congresses and to other generations.  Today we have a chance to meet this challenge and demonstrate fiscal responsibility by temporarily rolling back a small portion of the accelerated tax cut for the wealthiest Americans.  Everyone who is affected by this amendment makes more than $319,000 a year in taxable income, which typically means that they are making more than $430,000 a year in gross income.  This amendment does not revoke the 2001 or 2003 reductions in the top income tax rate, nor would it affect any other element of the 2001 or 2003 tax packages. It would merely temporarily raise the marginal income tax rate on the richest in our society.  By scaling back a small portion of the accelerated cut in the May 2003 tax package, we will be taking a first step toward putting our fiscal house in order and asking citizens to sacrifice for the war on terror.  Passing this amendment is the responsible thing to do. I urge your support.  