 President, I will try and be brief. I thank the Senator from Louisiana for his leadership on this, particularly since this is the last year that he will be in the Senate. I have had the great privilege of working with him now for 12 years on the centrist coalition and in other endeavors. He has always strived to bring parties together and to work across the aisle. Frankly, it is something that I admire and I want him to know that.  The underlying bill, as I understand it, allows companies to bring foreign-earned profits back at a greatly reduced rate. The Senator from Louisiana spelled that out. That is a rate of 5.25 percent. Remember, the minimum income tax bracket for individuals in this country is 10 percent. So it is at a rate half of what the poorest Americans pay in Federal income taxes.  Under this amendment, companies could bring foreign-earned profits back to the U.S. at this reduced rate provided these repatriated profits promote job growth and benefit employees.  Our amendment is specific. It allows for spending on R, acquiring plants and equipment, deducting increases in wages or the cost of creating a new job--capped at the Social Security wage limit of $87,900--and fully funding employee retirement plans.  Why is it necessary to be so specific? It is necessary because J.P. Morgan, which has conducted a survey of companies that would repatriate money, determined that most corporations will reuse the repatriated profits for buying back debt, for increasing levels of liquid assets, or even retiring equity. This is what a study of the very companies that are involved have shown. None of these items necessarily produces new jobs.  One of the things the Senate, as well as Americans, should understand is that there are a large number of American companies that take advantage of loopholes in U.S. tax law and pay no taxes. I recently took a look at a GAO study entitled ``Comparison of the Reported Tax Liabilities of Foreign and United States Controlled Corporations.'' It covers the period from 1996 to 2000. Let me give you an idea of what they find: 61 percent of U.S.-controlled corporations pay no taxes; 71 percent of foreign-owned corporations operating in the United States reported no tax liability from 1996 to 2000.  This is stunning. I had no idea. So I began to look a little bit at the history. Let me tell you a little bit about what it was like in 1945. In 1945, income taxes from corporations accounted for 35 percent of Federal receipts. In 1970, these income taxes accounted for only 17 percent of Federal revenue. So between 1945 and 1970 there was a dramatic decline. Today, corporate income taxes account for only 7.8 percent of Federal revenues.  We are giving companies that have sequestered profits abroad the ability to bring those profits back at one-half the tax rate the poorest American pays, and we have a specific study that shows that for the most part, these corporations will not use these moneys for areas that produce jobs.  What Senator Breaux and I have tried to do is to narrow the language that describes what companies may spend repatriated profits on. We have narrowed the language to specific spending categories--categories which produce jobs. I don't think that is too much to ask.  How much will be repatriated? There are various estimates. J.P. Morgan estimates $300 billion be repatriated. The U.S. Treasury estimates it will be between $200 and $300 billion. The Homeland Investment Act Coalition, a coalition of major corporations, estimates $500 billion will come back to the United States.  Without this amendment, it is likely that corporations will take advantage of the reduced corporation tax rate and use the repatriated profits to shore up their finances. The items I have read from the J.P. Morgan study indicate just that. I will summarize the section of this J.P. Morgan study.  These were 28 firms in the study. They indicated that 46 percent of them would pay down outstanding debt withthe money, 39 percent would finance capital spending, 39 percent would fund R venture capital or acquisition, 18 percent would buy back stock, 11 percent would use cash for working capital, 11 percent might pay dividends if double taxation ends, and 4 percent would fund underfunded pension funds.  I have been told many of these companies would like to use the money for mergers and acquisitions, which very clearly could result in a reduction in jobs. I would not like to see this Senate have egg on its face by giving some of the largest and most profitable corporations in America the ability to repatriate funds at one-half the tax rate the poorest Americans pay and have those funds used for mergers and acquisitions which would result in employees being fired for so-called efficiency reasons. I think without this language that narrows the use of this money, that is exactly what could happen.  So I thank the Senator from Louisiana for his leadership. I want to indicate my strong support for this amendment. I hope Members will vote for this amendment.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time to the Senator from Louisiana.  