 President, I will say a few words in conclusion to my remarks.  I believe the Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl, will be coming back to the floor to make a small technical modification to the amendment since questions have been developed and they can be easily taken care of. I believe he will do that. Otherwise, I think everyone who is going to speak on this has spoken.  I would like to end by saying how grateful I am for this day. This is an important day for many of us who care about victims' rights--I think every Member of this Senate--because for the first time we have a strong and comprehensive measure to be able to achieve a compendium of victims' rights. That compendium will give victims access to the criminal justice system so they may retain their dignity; so they have an opportunity to know when there is a trial and be present at the trial; to make statements if there is a public proceeding with respect to a plea bargain; to be there to make a statement; to receive restitution, if offered by a judge; to know when their attacker is released from jail or prison--not too much, but certain basic, elemental rights for anyone who has either been the victim of or has been dramatically affected by a crime.  I am very proud of the work on this. I have worked with Senator Kyl for a long time, and now with Senators Hatch and Leahy as well.  I thank everybody who has been involved.  I particularly would like to thank my staff, Steven Cash and Dave Hantman, who over the years I think have grown more determined to get this job done.  I am hopeful we will have a unanimous vote in this body, that the bill will be accepted by the House, and we will be able to say to victims all across this country there is a Federal statute with a remedy and a method of enforcement that will guarantee the very basic rights in Federal crimes; and also the funding to be able to go out and secure some of those same rights under State law.  I thank everybody. I yield the remainder of my time.  