 President, I rise to urge my colleagues to oppose the nomination of William Myers to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and to vote no on the motion to close debate. I came to my decision after a careful review of Mr. Myers' professional record. That review has convinced me that he is not the proper person to serve on this highly influential Federal court of appeals, which oversees all Federal litigation in my home State of California.  I met with William Myers and I found him to be an extremely polite and personable man. But I have serious reservations about whether he has the professional qualifications to serve on the Ninth Circuit. I also have serious doubts about his ability to rule on cases, particularly environmental and land-use cases, in an impartial, even-handed way.  A position on the appellate court should be reserved for our Nation's best legal minds and most accomplished attorneys. But, the American Bar Association gave Mr. Myers a partial ``not qualified'' rating. A key factor was his lack of legal experience.  This nominee has little litigation experience in either State or Federal court. By his own account, he has taken only a dozen cases to verdict--and six of those occurred before 1985 when he was a newly minted lawyer. He has never served as a counsel in criminal litigation. Even as Solicitor of the Department of Interior, Myers had no role in writing legal briefs.  Mr. Myers has spent a large part of his legal career as a lobbyist for cattleand grazing interests. Attorneys are obligated to zealously represent their clients and there is nothing wrong with this representation. But, I am troubled by a number of extreme comments that he made as an advocate.  For example, in a 1996 article, Myers equated Federal management of rangelands with the ``tyrannical actions of King George'' against the American colonists. According to Myers, these tyrannical practices included:       over-regulation and efforts to limit [ranchers'] access to      federal rangelands, revoke their property rights, and      generally eliminate their ability to make a living from the      land.  Source: ``Western Ranchers Fed Up with the Feds,'' Forum for Applied Research and Public Policy, winter 1996.  Equating Federal rangeland policy with the tyrannical policies that sparked the American revolution is strong language. But when asked by Senator Leahy to back up his claim, Myers could not come up with any examples.  Similarly, after the California Desert Protection Act was passed, he described the law as ``an example of legislative hubris.'' The source is a book chapter: ``Farmers, Ranchers, and Environmental Law,'' 1995, at page 209. As the author of the California Desert Protection Act, I was quite struck by this statement. Myers himself has acknowledged his ``poor choice'' of words, but this is one more piece of evidence that Mr. Myers can be intemperate and extreme.  The California Desert Protection Act created the Joshua Tree National Park, the Death Valley National Park, and the Mojave National Preserve. These are among our Nation's environmental jewels.  In total, the act set aside 7.7 million acres of pristine California wilderness, 5.5 million acres as a national park preserve, and provided habitat for over 760 different wildlife species. It has provided recreation and tourism for over 2.5 million people, provided more than $237 million in sales, more than $21 million in tax revenue, and more than 6,000 new jobs. This is what Myers called ``legislative hubris.''  Similarly, in a 1994 article, entitled ``Having Your Day in Court,'' Myers railed against ``activist'' judges. He wrote of environmental groups:       They have aggressively pursued their goals before friendly      judges who have been willing to take activist positions and      essentially legislate from the bench.  Source: National Cattlemen Magazine, November/December 1994, at page 34.  To illustrate his argument, he wrote:       No better example can be found than that of wetlands      regulation. The word ``wetlands'' cannot be found in the      Clean Water Act. Only through expansive interpretation from      activist courts has it come to be such a drain on the      productivity of American agriculture.  When I and other Senators pointed out that, 10 years prior to his article, the Supreme Court had unanimously upheld the application of the Clean Water Act to protect wetlands, Myers backtracked and acknowledged Supreme Court precedent. He further acknowledged that he could not recall any specific cases that would justify the argument he made in his article.  Similarly, Myers, in another article, wrote that environmental groups are ``mountain biking to the courthouse as never before, bent on stopping human activity wherever it may promote health, safety, and welfare.'' Source: ICA Line Rider, February, 1998. When queried about these statements, Myers again backtracked. And he has argued that he was merely the zealous lobbyist taking tough positions on behalf of his client.  There is one area of Myers' career where he can't attribute his words and actions solely to his role as a legal advocate. It is Myers' troubling body of work as Solicitor of the Department of Interior in the Bush administration. His record in this position provided for me the ``tipping point'' against his nomination.  As Solicitor of Interior, Myers' client was the American public. He had a duty to carry out his work in an impartial fashion just as he would if confirmed to be a Ninth Circuit judge. Nevertheless, on multiple occasions as Solicitor, Myers engaged in actions that raised questions about his impartiality and professional qualifications.  One of Myers two formal opinions as Solicitor involved the proposed Glamis Gold Mine in California.  During the Clinton administration, then-Solicitor Leshy wrote an opinion that led to the denial of an industry proposal which would have carved an 880-foot deep, mile-wide, open-pit gold mine out of 1,600 acres of ancestral tribal land in Imperial County, CA.  The Leshy opinion came out of an exhaustive review process spanning 5 years, three environmental documents, as well as several formal Government-to-Government consultations with the affected tribe, the Quechan Tribe. Within months of becoming Solicitor, Myers reversed the Leshy opinion.  In coming to his decision, Myers met personally with industry representatives, but not with the affected tribe. This one-sided dealing cannot be justified or explained away--particularly because Myers was mandated by law to engage in Government-to-Government consultation with the tribes and to protect sacred Native American religious sites.  Given that Myers would not even meet with the tribes to hear their point of view, it was not surprising that when Myers subsequently issued an opinion in favor of the industry, the District judge determined that Myers ``misconstrued the clear mandate'' of the applicable environmental law.  In his only other major opinion as Solicitor, Myers reversed a Clinton administration regulation on grazing permits challenged by his former clients, the Public Lands Counsel.  The issue involved whether environmental groups such as the Grand Canyon Trust could buy grazing permits from willing sellers in order to retire them. Myers, contrary to his strong support for property rights and free-market principles in other areas of Government regulation, found such a practice illegal.  Further, as the Los Angeles Times has reported, Solicitor Myers recommended that California State Representatives Herger and Doolittle introduce a private relief bill giving $1 million worth of public land in Marysville, CA, to a private firm. Source: ``Interior Attorney Pushed Land Deal,'' Los Angeles Times, March 8, 2004, at B1.  The land, called locally the Yuba Goldfields, consists of 9,670 acres of gravel mounds and ponds created by hydraulic mining during the 19th century. According to the Bureau of Land Management, the land contains sand and rock that could be worth hundreds of millions of dollars for construction projects.  It turns out the companies seeking legislative relief did not have a valid claim to the land and had never even paid taxes on the property. And since 1993, the property had been carried on the county's tax records as public lands.  I am concerned that Myers committed the Department to support a bill without first doing the basic research needed to evaluate the issue, like consulting with local Bureau of Land Management officials.  I would like to comment briefly on one other area. Mr. Myers' nomination is to the Ninth Circuit. Some might argue that circuit could use some shaking up. But criticisms along those lines of the Ninth Circuit are not justified and do not do justice to the Ninth Circuit's judges.  This is not the time or the place for a long discussion of the Ninth Circuit generally. But I do want to cite just a few statistics to show that the Ninth Circuit's decisions are well within the mainstream of other circuit courts.  From 1994 to 2002, nationwide, the Supreme Court granted certiorari in only .23 percent of all Federal appellate cases. The Ninth Circuit had numbers that were a bit higher for that time period; the Supreme Court granted certiorari in .37 percent of all Ninth Circuit cases for those years. But while higher than average, this was entirely within the mainstream of other circuit courts. The range among circuits for that time period ranged from .13 percent of all Eleventh Circuit cases, to .5 percent for all DC Circuit cases. The Ninth Circuit is clearly in the mainstream of how its cases are treated by the Supreme Court.  Based on Myers' record, over 170 national groups have decided to oppose his nomination, including organizations that usually don't get involved in nominations. The National Congress of American Indians, NCAI, a coalition ofmore than 250 tribal governments, is opposing the nomination and they previously have not weighed in on any Bush-nominated judges. The National Wildlife Federation, which has never in its 68-year history opposed a judicial nominee, opposes Myers.  In closing, I would offer the observations of Joseph Sax, a nationally renowned professor of environmental and natural resources law at the Boalt Hall, U.C. Berkeley, who is familiar with Myers' work.  Sax writes:       I do strongly believe that we are entitled to have persons      of professional distinction appointed to important posts such      as that of the U.S. Court of Appeals. Neither based on his      experience as a practicing lawyer, nor while serving as      Solicitor at Department of Interior has Myers distinguished      himself, nor has he made any significant contributions to the      law in his writings. . . . We can do much better.  Given Myers unremarkable record and the serious questions about his capability to judge cases impartially, I do not believe we should confirm him to the Ninth Circuit. So I will vote nay.  