1 million--a $100,000 increase; in class IX, giving nonsmokers a range of $800,000 to $1.1 million a $100,000 increase; and for mesothelioma, the last category, a $1.1 million average award on a sliding scale.  These numbers have been run by Goldman Sachs. They total $123.6 billion, as opposed to the $114.4 estimated for the Hatch-Frist proposal.  Because I have not been party directly to any of the discussion, regretfully, the only way I can get my views through, it appears, is through the floor of the Senate. I believe this is much more fair to nonsmokers and I believe the methodology of giving the trust administrator the ability that, if nonsmoker cases rise above a certain percent in the next year, at the end of the previous year the administrator be given the power to put all of those cases into the tort system which will not only act as a deterrent, but will also provide the ability to fund this.  One other point I want to make before I yield the floor has to do with the CBO letter. The CBO letter, in addition to the additional $5 billion that removing my startup amendment would cost the fund, also points out the bill on the floor is different from the bill we passed out of committee because in thebill we passed out of committee, administrative costs would be appropriated from the general funds of the Treasury. That difference increases costs to the fund $1 billion over its lifetime.  So those are the reasons why CBO determined that the Hatch-Frist bill will cost $17 billion more than the Committee-passed bill.  By way of conclusion, I would very much hope this bill will go back to the Judiciary Committee. I very much hope all members of the Judiciary Committee would have input into this bill. Or a bill should be negotiated between the two leaders, so it is bipartisan. There is no way I see a bill being written in private passing this body. Too many of us have put in too much time to try to get a fair solution to let that happen.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allard). The Senator from Utah.  