 As a Senator from California, I am privileged to represent thousands of Japanese-Americans who I know will be proud and pleased to learn about Japan's critical role in Iraq.  Beyond the impressive figures on force deployment, which the Senator from Idaho has so clearly outlined, it should be noted that Japan's financial commitment to Iraq, and to working closely with the United States in Iraq, is equally significant. At last year's Madrid International Donors Conference on Reconstruction of Iraq, Japan announced a financial assistance package totaling up to $5 billion. The package includes both $1.5 billion in grants and $3.5 billion in loans. In addition, Japan will host the Third Meeting of the Donors' Committee of the International Reconstruction Fund for Iraq this month.  Japan has also made a very significant effort to provide cultural assistance for Iraq. One of the documents submitted by Senator Craig provides the details on this undertaking. I was especially struck by Japan's reference to its own experience of reconstruction after World War II and the need to ensure that the unifying forces, like those of a shared culture and athletic tradition, are nurtured to help the Iraqi people reestablish their own identity.  It is also important to remember that Japan's commitment to Iraq was severely tested during a hostage crisis this year. Fortunately, that crisis was resolved favorably. Here's what Prime Minister Koizumi said on April 22 on that subject:       This hostage taking has not undermined Japan's firm resolve      to engage in humanitarian and reconstruction assistance in      Iraq. It is precisely because the situation in Iraq makes the      activities of ordinary individuals impossible that the Self-     Defense Forces have been dispatched to engage in humanitarian      and reconstruction assistance in Iraq.  Mr. President, these facts underscore the very important point made by the Senator from Idaho. The United States is fortunate to have Japan as a close ally. I yield to the Senator from Hawaii.  