 President, essentially, this is a one-line amendment. It takes page 5 of the bill and strikes the date 2005 and inserts 2007.  Essentially, this amendment makes both grandfather clauses in the bill 4-years in duration. This would mean no new taxes for the industry that is concerned, and the cities and counties would not lose the revenue they currently receive, for at least 4 years.  I want to say again--I said this yesterday--not one single California company that supports this bill has contacted me, but I have heard from representatives of 478 cities in the State saying: Please, don't do this. It may well be because in California, local jurisdictions have very limited revenue sources. It is either the property tax or a small amount of sales tax or if they have a hotel tax, but there are not many tax vehicles. So utility user taxes, as well as telephone taxes, have for many cities been a critical part of their budget, for some up to 15 percent. That is just a fact. California may be an anomaly. Maybe I know this because I have been a mayor for 9 years and a county supervisor for 9 years.  This would affect telecommunications services, taxes that have been in place since the old moratorium was enacted, particularly local exchange.  For the city of Los Angeles, whose chief administrative officer, William Fujioka, has said his city could lose $40 million a year if local exchange service is not protected. So this grandfather clause to the largest city in my State is worth $40 million a year of taxes that have been levied, of revenues that are counted upon to balance the budget.  Senator Inouye joins me in cosponsoring this amendment, as do Senator Carper, Senator Alexander, Senator Voinovich, and Senator Hollings.  It seems to me that it is not unreasonable to say to hard-pressed cities and counties that you have 4 years to find other revenue sources or make the necessary cuts. This does not have to be done immediately. None of the companies who benefit from this bill are suffering. As a matter of fact, most of them are doing very well. It is the cities that have the hard time funding police officers, funding firefighters, and it is not easy. Nearly every city in the State of California has a deficit and is losing revenues. I cannot just stand here on the floor of the Senate and let this happen because I have news for everybody: Where people want their services is on the local level.  Some say: Oh, no, this will not happen. But when you ask the technical analysts and the attorneys of these communities whether it will happen, they say yes.  I very much appreciate the change that was made in the Voice Over Internet Protocol language of the bill. This goes a long way. I very much appreciate the 4-year grandfather clause given for Internet access. That goes a further distance.  There is this 2-year grandfather for those who use DSL or these local exchanges--and I do not understand why one is 4 years and the other is 2 years. I do not understand why these companies cannot wait 4 years before they are going to end up socking it to the cities. It may be that in some States this is not the case. I know it is the case in my State.  Again, I am very pleased to be joined by Senators Inouye, Alexander, Carper, Voinovich, and Hollings as cosponsors of this amendment. It seems to me to make sense. It seems a compromise which for the proponents should be relatively easy to make. I think it will make a big difference to the cities of California.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  