 President, I rise today to support the amendment offered by my colleagues Senators DeWine and Kennedy. The amendment they have offered today is the product of many years of hard work and leadership.  The amendment combines legislation to empower the Food and Drug Administration, FDA, to regulate tobacco products with Senator McConnell's tobacco buyout bill.  I believe this is the right approach. Last week, seven of my colleagues and I wrote to Senators Frist and Daschle to express our view that no tobacco buyout plan should move ahead if it does not include meaningful and effective FDA oversight of tobacco.  The 5-year, $9.6 billion tobacco buyout provision in the House FSC/ETI bill is not only worse for tobacco growers than the McConnell bill, but it does nothing to protect public health and to reduce tobacco's tremendous toll in health, lives and money.  The DeWine-Kennedy amendment gives the FDA the authority to: Restrict advertising and promotions that appeal to children; stop illegal sales of tobacco products to children; require changes in tobacco products, such as the reduction or elimination of harmful chemicals, to make them less harmful or less addictive; prohibit unsubstantiated health claims about so-called ``reduced risk'' tobacco products that would have the effect of discouraging current tobacco users from quitting or encouraging new users to start; and require the disclosure of the contents of tobacco products and tobacco industry research about the health effects of their products.  This amendment is supported by the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association, the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, and the American Lung Association.  Tobacco use is the leading preventable cause of death in the United States. Every year in America, tobacco use kills more than 400,000 people and costs our Nation more than $75 billion in health care bills. Today approximately 4,000 children under age 18 will try smoking for the first time and 2,000 children will become regular smokers. Smoking is the cause of one-third of all cancers.  Unless we act to pass FDA regulation of tobacco, this number will only get worse.  During my time in the Senate, I have become very involved with cancer. I am the co-chair of the Senate cancer caucus and the vice-chair of C-Change, formerly the National Dialogue on Cancer, which is chaired by former President and Barbara Bush.  The cancer community is united in the belief that the single most important preventive measure is to place tobacco products under the regulatory control of the Food and Drug Administration. I stand behind the cancer community and express the same belief.  I firmly believe that cancer cannot be conquered without addressing smoking and the use of tobacco products.  Smoking results in death or disability for over half of tobacco users, according to the Centers for Disease Control, CDC.  Over the past two decades, we have learned that tobacco companies have manipulated the level of nicotine in cigarettes to increase the number of people to their product.  There are more than 40 chemicals in tobacco smoke that cause cancer in humans and animals, according to the CDC. Tobacco smoke has toxic components, as well as tar, carbon monoxide and other dangerous additives.  It is long past time to reduce the addictive nature of cigarettes and curtail the marketing of these products to young people. I believe that empowering the FDA to regulate tobacco will help do that.  The U.S. Surgeon General and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have unequivocally demonstrated that, for example, antismoking campaigns can reduce smoking, a major cause of cancer.  California is a good example. My State started an aggressive tobacco control program in 1989 and throughout the 1990s. As a result of California's aggressive approach, is the first State in the Union to see a decline in lung cancer among women, as a result of the State's active prevention efforts.  This amendment will provide meaningful regulation by the Food and Drug Administration of the content and marketing of tobacco products, especially the addicting and carcinogenic components.  I am pleased to note that even the Philip Morris companies has acknowledged the need for FDA to regulate tobacco.  It is long past time to reduce the addictive nature of cigarettes and curtail the marketing of these products to young people. This amendment gives FDA the power to regulate tobacco products' content, design, sale, and marketing.  I am a strong supporter of this amendment. However, I will not support any final proposal that weakens the DeWine-Kennedy amendment or contains a tobacco buyout provision that is fully funded by general revenues.  