 President, today I join Senators Lautenberg and Feingold in cosponsoring an amendment to the Department of Defense authorization bill.  This amendment will close loopholes that have allowed some American companies to skirt U.S. law by working with and operating in countries that have been identified by the President as supporters of terrorism.  Although Federal law prohibits U.S. companies from conducting business with nations that sponsor terrorism, a few firms have exploited a loophole in the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and are doing business through foreign subsidiaries, thereby providing terrorist states with revenue and other potentially important benefits.  Under the amendment we are introducing today, foreign subsidiaries are barred from engaging in commercial transactions with terrorist-sponsoring states under the same standards and under the same circumstances as their parent companies.  The definition of corporate entity would include not only U.S. companies and all foreign branches, but also foreign subsidiaries.  Subsidiaries of certain companies have been using foreign subsidiaries to conduct business in countries such as Iran.  Many of these foreign subsidiaries are often formed and incorporated overseas for the specific purpose of bypassing U.S. sanctions laws.  This amendment does not change which countries are subject to U.S. sanctions or interfere with the President's ability to invoke the International Emergency Economic Powers Act; and it does not change the sanctions under the act in anyway.  It simply clarifies who is subject to the sanctions when and if they are invoked by the President.  Currently Iran, North Korea, Cuba, and Libya have been targeted by the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, all countries that we can agree deserve to be on the list.  Despite the tens of billions of dollars that we are spending on the defense of our homeland, we still have a law on our books that allows U.S. companies to assist the very nations that support terrorist activities aimed at us. This is unconscionable.  I want to applaud the efforts of New York City Comptroller, the New York Police Department, and the New York Fire Department to bring this problem to the Nation's attention.  