 President, I will vote in support of this conference report today because many of the private pension systems in this nation are on the verge of collapse.  Many companies are staring at an April 15 pension payment date. Without this legislation many companies will not be able to make their payments because of the effect of both the recent economic recession and the requirement that they use a payment calculation that is based on the discontinued 30-year Treasury bond.  I deeply regret the action taken by the conference committee to remove much of the assistance targeted toward multi-employer plans. I will support steps to correct this grievous action.  It is critical, however, that we pass this legislation today because 44 million pensioners are at risk of losing their hard-earned benefits.  While I wish the bill would do more, I believe it is important for several reasons:  One, this bill corrects several problems facing our private pension plans. These plans use the 30-year Treasury bond to determine the interest rate they may assume when making their periodic pension payments.  Because the 30-year Treasury bond is no longer in use by the federal government we must replace this mechanism and this bill does that.  Companies that have fallen behind in their pension payments are required under current law to make catch-up payments, or what we call deficit reduction contribution payments. A company must make these payments in addition to its regularly scheduled pension payments.  These additional payments raise the possibility that many companies will be driven into bankruptcy when it is discovered that they simply do not have the cash available to make these payments. This bill gives companies 2 years of relief from these payments.  This 2-year relief period provides these companies with an opportunity to get back on solid financial ground before beginning these payments again and it goes a long way in preventing the closure of pension plans by helping companies avoid bankruptcy.  Two, this bill targets much needed relief to the airline, steel, and iron industries by allowing them to receive the deficit reduction relief automatically unless they were subject to these catch-up payments in 2000.  These industries, more than most, have been reeling from the lingering effects of September 11, 2001 and the ensuing economic downturn. I have received more than 280 phone calls from United Airline pilots telling me that if this bill does not pass, United Airlines may have to terminate their pension plan as they work through bankruptcy. Management and labor at United Airlines are in total agreement on this issue and I have 35,000 United Airline pension participants in my home State of California.  It is clear that this bill provides more relief to single-employer pension plans than those maintained by a multiple number of employers--the so-called multi-employer pension plans. I would like to see us address this issue in the near future and I will work with Senator Kennedy to make sure this happens. But, today we have the opportunity to do something good for the 35 million pension plan participants who are participating in mostly single-employer plans.  This legislation is not perfect, but it represents a commonsense approach to help solve the problem facing the majority of pension plans. I supported the Senate version of this bill because it included better assistance for multi-employer plans and I continue to think that the conference committee should have reported a bill that provided these multi-employer plans broader coverage.  While the conference committee did not provide us a bill containing all that I had hoped for, it did report to us a bill that will provide real support to real companies and labor groups.  We must do what we can before these faltering pension plans are driven under by the impending April pension payments.  I cannot support a move to defeat the whole bill because it doesn't address every need.  Thirty-five million pensioners will be assisted by this bill. Companies like C Sugar located in Northern California will be helped and more than 35,000 United Airlines pension plan participants who live in California will be helped.  The men and women who have invested their careers in a company should not lose the pensions they are due. But, if we do not pass this conference report, many will and this should not be allowed to happen.  While this legislation is not perfect, it represents movement in the right direction and I support it with the understanding that we need to address the larger issue facing multi-employer plans.  