 President, I rise this evening in support of Senator Leahy's second-degree amendment which seeks to compel, by law, the Executive Branch to provide certain important documents to Congress.  I wish to focus on one particular issue that has been raised by those who oppose this effort--that provision of these documents will endanger our national security by informing our enemies of the details of our interrogation tactics.  I believe this objection is misplaced and the danger of compromising national security can be easily and simply eliminated.  I am a member of the Select Committee on Intelligence, and as my colleagues know, that committee regularly receives information of the highest classification involving our Intelligence community. Similarly, the Armed Services Committee receives information about the most sensitive of our military secrets. The Judiciary Committee receives information about extremely sensitive law enforcement matters. In short, the Congress and its committees are regularly provided the most sensitive of our Nation's secrets.  In the present case I accept that some of the documents we have sought from the Department of Justice and Department of Defense about the law, policy and procedures governing interrogations may be properly classified. In other words, I quote from the governing executive order, Executive Order 12958, which describes ``top secret'' as being information ``the unauthorized disclosure of which reasonably could be expected to cause exceptionally grave damage to the national security.''  But the question of classification is unrelated to the question of whether the Congress should have access to information which is needed. We have procedures, administered by the Office of Senate Security, which ensures that such information is handled properly, safely, and securely. simply put, providing information to the Congress is not the same as making it public, or providing it to terrorists.  As some of my colleagues know, I asked the Attorney General directly whether any of the material which he was refusing to provide to the Congress was classified. He did not answer my question, but if the answer is yes, then the Congress has the ability to receive such information.  It is important to focus on the issue at hand, which is what information should, and must, be provided to Congress so it can perform its constitutional role to legislate and conduct oversight. The issue is not what information to provide to the terrorists.  