  Mr. McCAIN. I thank the Senator from California. I appreciate her patience and hope she is able to speak, as I know she has strong beliefs on this issue.  Over 5 years ago, Congress took appropriate action to pass the Internet Tax Freedom Act which encouraged the growth and adoption of the Internet by exempting Internet access from State and local taxation and by protecting e-commerce transactions from multiple or discriminatory taxes. As my colleagues know, since then the Internet has grown from a tool used by a relatively small percentage of our population to a broadly utilized communications, information, entertainment, and commercial medium as well as an important vehicle for political participation.  To keep promoting the growth of the Internet, many of my colleagues have made efforts to extend the Internet tax moratorium. Regrettably these efforts have stalled. Six months ago, we left unfinished business before the Senate. At the time, many of us were prepared to vote to extend the Internet tax moratorium. Unfortunately, a vote never took place because of disagreement over what components of Internet access should be free from taxation and how long the moratorium should last. As a result, the moratorium expired and State and local governments are now free to impose new taxes on the Internet.  Today, we return to the consideration of S. 150, the Internet Tax Nondiscrimination Act, which would permanently extend the moratorium on the taxation of Internet access. After 10 months of negotiations, there is still no clear consensus in the Senate over what types of Internet access services should be tax free, nor is there any clear consensus over how long the moratorium should last. One thing is clear, though: There is broad agreement that the Internet tax moratorium should be reinstated. It is also clear that the Members who have been involved in this long negotiation process have listened closely to the concerns of State and local governments.  For example, to address issues raised by opponents of S. 150, Senators Allen, Wyden, Sununu, Ensign, Warner, Smith, Leahy, Grassley, Baucus, Hatch, Boxer, Chambliss, Lincoln and I--a strongly bipartisan effort--offered a substitute amendment that would have narrowed the scope of the moratorium and clarified its effects on State and local revenues. This time around, we will go a significant step further by offering a compromise amendment written to address the core concerns expressed by State and local governments over the extension of the Internet tax moratorium.  Before I get into the details of the amendment, let me be crystal clear about one thing: This compromise will not make everyone 100 percent happy. There are several aspects that will accommodate State and local governments, but the legislation also contains components that are favored by industry and ultimately benefit consumers. So there continue to be disagreements.  The Members who sit on the edges of this debate bell curve will continue to oppose anything that falls short of their desired outcome. However, any practical person who reads the amendment objectively will have to agree. What we are offering constitutes a reasonable middle ground in the debate between those who want to make the Internet tax moratorium permanent and broad and those who want to make the moratorium brief and narrow.  Throughout the negotiation process, State and local groups asked for a temporary extension to the Internet tax moratorium. Specifically, they have asked for a 2-year extension of the moratorium. The substitute amendment would extend the moratorium for 4 years from November 1, 2003. This alone is an extraordinary concession, especially considering the fact that the House of Representatives, in a strongly bipartisan effort, passed a permanent extension of the moratorium last year, and there remains significant support in the Senate for such a measure.  President Bush has expressed his strong support for a permanent extension of the moratorium. Nevertheless, I hope my colleagues who favor a permanent moratorium will support this proposal in an effort to reach an acceptable compromise between industry and consumers and State and local governments.  Another concern we have heard from State and local governments is that extending the Internet tax moratorium would somehow impact traditional telephone services. That certainly was never the intent of the original legislation, as has been made clear by the Commerce Committee's report accompanying the bill.  The report reads:       The modified definition [of Internet access] would not      affect the taxability of voice telephony over the public      switched telephone network (so-called ``plain old telephone      service'' or ``POTS'').  The matter is further clarified in this amendment. Simply put, this legislation would not impact in any way, shape, or form the revenue generated by State and local governments from traditional phone services. Again, a concern of State and local governments was accommodated to the full satisfaction of State and local authorities.  State and local governments have also expressed worry that this bill would hamper their ability to tax voice services and other services that run over the Internet.  For example, the National Governors Association has stated that one of its main concerns is that this legislation will prohibit states and localities from taxing telephone services as they migrate to the Internet. The Senatorsfrom Tennessee and Ohio today have also emphasized that this is one of their three core concerns in this debate. In an attempt to respond to the concern about the migration of telephone services to the Internet, Senators Allen and Alexander agreed in principle to carve voice over Internet Protocol, VOIP, telephon services out of the scope of the Internet tax moratorium. Unfortunately, their negotiations over the precise definition of VOIP telephone services were not successful.  The amendment that I offer bridges the gap in this matter by setting forth a broad definition of services--including voice services--that are provided over the Internet that would not be considered Internet access and would therefore not be subject to the Internet tax moratorium. My compromise would further narrow the definition of Internet access, while ensuring that services incidental to Internet access--such as e-mail and instant messaging--would remain tax-free. Once again, this provision fully addresses the concerns of state and local governments.  Mr. President, the list of compromises goes on and on. For example, my amendment would clarify that the Internet tax moratorium does not apply to nontransactional taxes such as taxes on net income, net worth, or property value.  My amendment would clarify that otherwise taxable services would not become tax-free solely because they are offered as a package with Internet access.  The amendment would grandfather for three years from November 1, 2003, the States that were taxing Internet access in October 1998.  My amendment would grandfather for two years from November 1, 2003, the States that began to tax--according to many, improperly--Internet access after October 1998.  The amendment would ensure that universal service would not be affected by the moratorium.  And finally, my amendment would ensure that 911 and E-911 services would not be affected by the moratorium.  Each of the compromise provisions is included in direct response to State and local government concerns about S. 150. And so my amendment will ensure that the $20 billion in telecommunications taxes that is collected annually by State and local governments will largely remain protected. Any statement to the contrary would be patently false.  Mr. President, my amendment goes a long way to meeting the concerns of the States and localities. However, before those on the other side of this debate start to protest, I would remind them that what I am proposing is truly a compromise between the interests of State and local governments on the one side and industry and consumers on the other. This legislation therefore doesn't--and, as a compromise, can't--adopt the State and local governments' position wholesale.  For that reason, the legislation would make Internet access 100 percent tax-free for all States in its fourth year.  Some question whether it's wise for Congress to make Internet access tax free, but this body has a long history of giving tax incentives and other economic support to industries and commercial activities that we believe help our society. The Internet is clearly a technology that also merits strongly the support of Government, as it is a source of and vehicle for significant economic benefits to our country.  Contrary to statements that have been made on the floor, yes, the railroads were assisted; yes, highways are assisted; yes, our airlines continue to be subsidized; and yes, we need to assist this new incredible technology that is changing America and the world.  In the case of the Internet tax moratorium, however, we are not talking about subsidies. We are merely talking about a national policy of taking a hands-off approach to the continued growth of the Internet. The Internet is now accessed at home by 75 percent of the population--an estimated 204 million people in the U.S.--up from 64 percent in 2002, and 26 percent in 1998 when Congress rightly decided to implement the ban on taxes on Internet access. That's an impressive 3 times what the Internet use rate was just over 5 years ago. And though the Internet tax moratorium has obviously had its intended effect of contributing to the growth of the Internet, our job is not yet done.  Today, the Internet offers the promise of broadband access services, which provide higher bandwidth connections that permit faster data transmissions and thus facilitate and enhance services such as streaming audio and video. Nevertheless, many of the households with Internet access have only basic dial-up access, and have not migrated to broadband services. In fact, the Pew Internet Project estimates that only 24 percent of American households have broadband access, while most homes still connect through dial-up modem connections. In fact, the United States is falling behind many other developed countries such as Japan, South Korea, and Canada in our deployment of broadband services--and many experts even call the broadband services that we have ``broadband on training wheels'' because they do not provide the speeds provided by the broadband networks of other nations.  Clearly, there remains a strong need to ensure that taxes on Internet access will not pose a hurdle to the continued adoption of basic dial-up access or to the migration from basic Internet access to broadband Internet access. Keeping the Internet tax-free translates into lower costs for consumers, and lower costs give our citizens freer access to important online services like telemedicine and e-learning.  