 President, I am going to be very brief. For many of us who knew Tom Daschle and know Tom Daschle, we never thought this day would come. We never thought Tom would really be defeated in an election. I thought a lot about that. Why? I mean, this man is such a good man. He is such a good friend. He is a good leader. I do not know anyone who cares more about their State and who has worked harder.  He talked about the State's energy sufficiency, and it was Tom Daschle's sheer will of support to develop an ethanol industry for the State. I know because I tangled with him year after year because from a California perspective this was not such a good idea; from a South Dakota perspective, it was. For Tom, his State always came first.  I thought he was unbeatable. He is for the little people. I remember being in the State. I remember hearing him talk about the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation and the state of the people in Pine Ridge and how deeply he felt. When he feels very deeply, his voice gets that quaver and it drops low.  This is a very hard day for many of us. As I went down the aisle to embrace Tom, two people said this really is a tough business. And, in fact, it is a tough business.  I also want to say that Tom Daschle was a great leader for our caucus. Many of us on many days watched him convince, cajole, push, and bring us together when we had to be together. We watched him on the Senate floor in the middle of the night, early in the morning, late in the day, always gracious, always patient, always articulate. We never had to worry about Tom Daschle's integrity or his credibility.  I still wonder, how could he be beat? This is such a good man, such a good leader, such a good State representative. For me and my husband he was a personal friend. When Dick was in Washington, early in the morning he would run with Tom and they would talk about all kinds of things. The run was always a good one and my husband would come home and always say what a great guy Tom Daschle is.  I think for all of us we wish him all the best. For me, I do not believe this man has reached his potential yet. I think he still has enormous gifts to give to this Nation, to his State, and I believe he will, perhaps in a different way. Perhaps we will see him come back in a different form. For Tom Daschle, these 10 years were very special years and for us we were so privileged because we had an opportunity to be led by a good man, by a great friend, and by a great leader.  