 President, I am pleased to join my chairman, Senator Hutchison, in recommending the 2005 Military Construction appropriations bill to the Senate. I thank her because it has been quite wonderful for me to work with her over the years. We have exchanged positions, ranking and chairman, on this subcommittee. I think we have always worked in a collegial and very productive way. Her leadership has been outstanding and I, for one, am very grateful. I also thank Senator Stevens and Senator Byrd for their leadership and assistance in guiding this bill through committee and to the floor.  America's men and women in uniform need all the support we can give them, so expeditious consideration of defense bills, such as this one, sends an important signal of support to our troops. I know both Senator Hutchison and I want to send that signal.  The President's budget request for MilCon was $9.55 billion. That was only 2.5 percent over last year's enacted level. But with the support of Chairman Stevens and Senator Inouye, the committee was able to add another $450 million to meet the urgent construction needs of our active and reserve military bases.  As Senator Hutchison indicated, one issue that dominated discussion in the 2005 Military Construction program is the question of how to rescue the military family housing privatization initiative from running out of budget authority. I agree very much with my chairman. By accelerating the pace at which new family housing can be provided, the program has had a tremendous impact on the quality of life for thousands of military families. The question is, what do we do now? This year, the subcommittee was faced with that dilemma because we will shortly be out of money. So as the chairman said, we hope the authorizing committee--the Budget Committee as well as the Armed Services Committee--can find a solution to this problem by the time this bill is in conference.  Again this year, the subcommittee was faced with a still evolving proposal for realigning our overseas military force structure. I want to take a couple of minutes to discuss it because I think it is important. Last year, the Defense Department unveiled a preliminary plan for a major restructuring of forces in Europe and Korea, a plan that has now evolved into a wide-ranging global rebasing plan. The President publicly announced the plan last month, noting that 60,000 to 70,000 troops currently stationed overseas would return home over the next decade. Unfortunately, the administration offered few other details about the plan, and it appears some key basing decisions remain unresolved. This year's budget request included more than $700 million for overseas military construction.  The planning and rebuilding of military facilities is a complicated process, constrained by long lead times, and thelack of a fully developed basing plan by the Department of Defense has hampered the subcommittee's ability to make prudent and informed decisions about overseas military construction.  For this reason, several proposed overseas construction projects were deleted from the Senate bill pending a clearer understanding of how they might be affected by the global basing plan.  It is clear the Department is continuing to fine-tune and adjust its global realignment plan. Although the President has announced plans to realign and significantly reduce the number of U.S. troops stationed overseas, the committee has received no requests from the Defense Department that would support moving forces back to the United States; nor has the Defense Department provided Congress with any cost estimate or timetable for its global restructuring plan. It is said that ``the devil is in the details'' and we do need those details. Only when the Defense Department provides Congress with a comprehensive, well-reasoned plan will the committee have a sufficient understanding of the associated military construction requirements to proceed with confidence.  Until the Defense Department completes its overseas basing review and presents a plan to Congress, projects supporting activities that may be subject to further change should remain on hold. I think we are both in agreement on that.  The Overseas Basing Commission that Senator Hutchison led, and I supported, was established last year. That, we hope, will provide some valuable insights for Congress regarding this process. We have given this matter great consideration, and I commend Senator Hutchison for laying out the position of the subcommittee so clearly and completely in the report accompanying our bill. I very much agree with that.  I thank Chairman Hutchison and the members of the Appropriations staff, Dennis Ward and Sean Knowles, for their hard work on this bill. I also thank my Appropriations staff, Christina Evans and B. G. Wright, sitting to my left, and my personal staff, Michael Schiffer and Chris Thompson, who does our appropriations, for their contributions.  The work of the Military Construction Subcommittee enhances our Nation's efforts to build quality facilities for our military men and women, and I urge my colleagues to approve this bill.  Mr. President, I want the chairman to know that at the appropriate time, I would like to enter into a colloquy between Senator Nelson and myself, to which the chairman has agreed.  