 President, I rise today to express my support for the amendment offered by Senator Lugar and myself to restore the International Affairs function 150 account to the President's requested funding level and add additional resources to the fight against global HIV/AIDS.  Now is not the time to take a step backwards in our commitment to ensuring that the international affairs budget remains a vital tool of American foreign policy in the fight against terror and global poverty.  Our amendment adds $1.4 billion in funding for the international affairs budget to exceed the President's request of $31.5 billion for fiscal year 2005by $300 million. Last year, the Senate accepted a Lugar-Feinstein amendment that restored $1.15 billion to the fiscal year 2004 international budget.  As I stated last year, I strongly believe the United States should devote additional resources to the international affairs budget above this amendment. Nevertheless, in this difficult fiscal environment, I fully understand that this amendment is the best opportunity to maintain the momentum of increasing the international affairs budget and demonstrating the importance of our foreign aid programs.  I also understand that the offset used in this amendment--the function 920 account--is not ideal, but the Lugar/Feinstein amendment is the best vehicle we have at this time to restore the President's request, provide additional assistance to the fight against global HIV/AIDS and help the United States sustain a leadership role in bringing hope to the developing world and fighting global terror.  The statistics about our international affairs budget are well known to some of my colleagues but they are worth repeating to underscore the importance of acting now to provide additional funds. The United States spends approximately one percent of our budget on foreign aid, barely one-tenth of one percent of GDP.  According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the United States in recent years ranks next to last among 21 industrialized donor countries in per capita foreign assistance.  We can do better and I am pleased that over the past few years the administration, Congress, and the American people have come together to push for greater commitments to our international affairs budget.  In the simplest terms, foreign aid programs provide assistance to those in need. They help countries combat diseases such as HIV/AIDS, build schools to fight illiteracy, train doctors to provide care for mothers and their newborn children, and help indigenous peoples prevent environmental degradation.  In addition, foreign aid programs protect our embassies and foreign service personnel, built export markets for our goods and services, and spread America's message of freedom and democracy around the world.  In the post September 11 world, however, the international affairs budget has taken on an increased significance. It has become increasingly clear that we cannot rely on our military might alone to protect our citizens and advance the U.S. foreign policy agenda. As Richard Sokolsky and Joseph McMillan of the National Defense University have written:       The events of September 11th have a direct impact on      American national security . . . A robust and focused foreign      assistance program is one of the weapons we must have to      prevail.  Our troops have performed magnificently in overthrowing Saddam Hussein in Iraq and the Taliban in Afghanistan while combating al-Qaeda around the globe. Nevertheless, the costs in terms of lives and resources have been substantial and we can expect additional costs for many years to come.  Increasing the foreign aid budget allows us to attack the conditions that foster terror and autocratic governments--poverty, illness, disease, illiteracy--at a far lower cost and with less bloodshed than military interventions in the future. We should not wait until a nation hits rock bottom to build schools, open hospitals, and provide food to those in the developing world who so desperately need it.  As Secretary of State Colin Powell has stated:       We have to make sure that, as we fight terrorism using      military means and legal means and law enforcement and      intelligence means and going after the financial      infrastructure of terrorist organizations, we also have to      put hope back in the hearts of people.  By acting sooner rather than later, we not only have a better opportunity to promote stability, economic prosperity, and vibrant democratic institutions, but we also protect our own national interests and the lives of all Americans.  Sometimes our values and intentions are misconstrued and misrepresented around the world. I am increasingly concerned about the negative perceptions of the United States and Americans that abound in the Middle East and other parts of the developing world.  We are a generous people and foreign aid represents the best of our values and demonstrates our commitment to seeing other peoples rise from the ashes of poverty. When we succeed in this endeavor, we change hearts and minds and protect our own. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment.  