 President, I rise in support of the Grassley-Feinstein amendment, which calls upon the President to make the decimation of the Afghanistan heroin trade one of his highest national security priorities, asked the Defense Department to devote more time, energy and resources to anti-drug efforts in Afghanistan, and asks for a study into whether profits from the illegal drug trade continue to fund terrorists and others who upset the stability of that nation.  Afghanistan has long been the world's major supplier of heroin, providing the global market as much as 80% of all the heroin consumed each year.  This is a grave problem--not just because heroin is a bad thing in and of itself, but because profits from the heroin trade in Afghanistan have historically been funneled, in large part, to terrorists bent on doing America harm or those that aid and protect those terrorists.  Indeed, it has been estimated that millions of dollars--even hundreds of millions of dollars--in drug profits have been funneled to al-Qaida and other terrorist organizations throughout the world. Those organizations, in turn, can use the money to run terrorist training camps; to buy guns, bombs and other supplies; to recruit; and to fund terrorist operations throughout the world.  Needless to say, this is a major problem. If we continue to allow terrorist organizations to rake in hundreds of millions of untraceable dollars, the war on terror is going to go quite poorly for us indeed.  This is not the first time I have raised these concerns. Last May, for instance, I expressed concern that this administration had made a decision to allow warlords and others in Afghanistan to continue to grow poppy and to produce opium, in the hopes of maintaining relationships and alliances with those who were trafficking in drugs. In other words, the administration was essentially turning a blind eye to drug production, in order to work more closely with those who were profiting from it.  This was not acceptable then, and it remains unacceptable now. The very reason we went to Afghanistan--to remove al-Qaida's means of support--will be lost if we continue to allow these drug lords to fund al-Qaida and those that hide them, protect them, fund them and help them in other ways.  More than two years after we went into Afghanistan, we don't have bin Laden. We have not stopped the terrorist attacks. We do not control the countryside in Afghanistan. And now we are standing by while the drug trade flourishes beyond levels experienced even before 9/11.  I know this is not an easy problem to solve. Farmers in Afghanistan, like in many other nation's involved in illegal drug production, often find that growing poppy is far more profitable than the country's other staples--cereals, wheat, barley, rice, and so on.  So combined with Afghanistan's foreboding terrain and chaotic political and security situation, it is not a simple matter to eliminate drug production.  Many farmers survive either solely on poppy production or by growing a mix of legal, and illegal crops.  There is hope--poppy production represents only about 8% of Afghanistan's crop production (in volume). So many farmers do grow alternate crops, and they make a living doing it.  But we need to make better efforts to provide farmers good alternatives; to deter production; and, most importantly, to eradicate the crops on the ground.  Eradicating poppy is not easy--particularly in a nation where the central government has so little control over its distant--and even not-so-distant--provinces.  Only with military assistance can anti-drug operatives go into an area and take out the poppy fields. Some of these warlords have virtual armies at their disposal--helicopters, rocket launchers, you name it. This is not your local marijuana field in someone's backyard. This, truly, is akin to war.  The war in Iraq has certainly hindered the Defense Department's ability to assist in these operations--there is only so much manpower and equipment to go around. This is one reason why so many questioned the advisability of going into Iraq before the job in Afghanistan was finished.  But tough as it may be to solve, this issue is simply too important to ignore, and we cannot wait any longer.  Recent estimates put Afghanistan's poppy production this year at more than 5,000 metric tons--more than 50 percent higher than last year.  Even if the most aggressive current efforts at eradication succeed in every respect, only 25 percent of the crop this year will be destroyed.  This means that no matter what, more heroin will be produced this yearthan last. The value of that heroin could easily exceed three billion dollars. Farmers only get about a penny on the dollar. Where is the rest of the money going? Best estimates are that much of it goes to terrorists or their protectors.  This simply cannot continue if we hope to win the war on terror. This amendment calls upon the Defense Department to better assist in protecting drug eradication efforts and to work to disrupt and destroy those who aid terrorist activity through the drug trade.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield the floor.  