  Mr. President, I wish to respond to some of the concerns and complaints of the distinguished Senator from Ohio about our substitute amendment. Let me take on his allegation that this substitute does not provide a punishment for harming a child. In fact, it does. It clearly states that the interruption of the normal course of the pregnancy relates to injury to the fetus. So there is a penalty for harm.  Secondly, he stated my amendment would not provide any penalty for ending a pregnancy; that it was a legal fiction in that sense.  I think this is clearly a misunderstanding of the plain text of our amendment. We explicitly create a separate offense for interrupting or ending a pregnancy, and we explicitly state the penalty for that offense is the same as if the crime had resulted in the injury or death of a mother. That is explicit.  So the intent is clear. I think quibbling about whether the language is perfect, the amendment does exactly what the underlying bill does. I could have cleared that up with a modification, but the Senator would not let me send a modification to the desk, which in terms of just sheer congeniality is rather surprising because that could have been made crystal clear to everyone.  So I firmly believe our amendment does exactly the same thing as the DeWine amendment, but it does not do something his amendment does, and that is create life at the point of conception. His use of the words ``child in utero'' as opposed to the California statute's use of the words ``or fetus'' make a huge difference in the law legally. Once again, I think that is clear.  The bottom line is we believe the intent and the crafting of this bill is very clear. We do not create a child in utero. We try to avoid getting to the point where life is defined.  We say that if the pregnancy is intentionally terminated and specific damages are done to the fetus, it is punished either through manslaughter in a second charge or murder in a second charge. I think the language is very clear. I think it is nitpicking to say it is not.  I can change it, but I am not allowed to change it. We have the modification, but we are not allowed to send the modification to the desk. I believe Members can vote on this amendment and know clearly they are assessing the same penalties for the same crimes as the underlying bill does. The only difference is we do not decide in our bill when life begins.  Let me read a couple of editorials and statements that have come out in recent days. There is one editorial this morning in the Los Angeles Times. I would like just quickly to read one paragraph:       The Senate is likely to vote today on a bill intended      largely to score points in the endless, wearying abortion      debate. The proposed Unborn Victims of Violence Act defines a      child in utero as a member of the species homo sapiens, at      any stage of development, who is carried in the womb. In      other words, the child exists at the moment of conception.      The House passed similar legislation last month. As with      nearly every aspect of the abortion debate, Americans are      deeply divided over when human life begins. However courts in      most States generally accord more rights to a fetus      considered viable outside the womb. DeWine's bill, S. 1019,      offers a sweeping declaration that ignores prevailing      scientific views and the national legal consensus. True, his      bill specifically bars prosecution for abortion, but its      effect, as DeWine intends, would be to give one side a new      legal bullet in the broader abortion wars.  That is clear. I will go on. The Los Angeles Times is not the only editorial page that believes that. I indicated earlier this is true of an editorial in the Philadelphia Inquirer:       It is so easy to see how a federal unborn victims law,      coupled with unborn victims' laws in 29 States, will form the      basis of a new legal challenge to Roe v. Wade, a landmark      case that gives women the right to terminate certain      pregnancies. If a fetus who dies during a crime is a murder      victim, why, then, isn't abortion murder?  From the Buffalo News:       Passage by House Republicans of a bill that treats an      attack on a pregnant woman as separate crimes against her and      her unborn child is at heart an attempt to erode abortion      rights. It's a disingenuous and misguided bill and the Senate      should make sure it goes no further.  That is the Buffalo News.  The New York Times, April 25. This is 2001.       Packaged as a crime fighting measure unrelated to abortion,      the bill is actually aimed at fulfilling a long-time goal of      the right-to-life movement. The goal is to enshrine in law      the concept of fetal rights equal to but separate and      distinct from the rights of pregnant women.  Another editorial of the New York Times:       The bill would add to the Federal Criminal Code a separate      new offense to punish individuals who injure or cause      death to a child who is in utero.  The Washington Post, October 2, 1999,       What makes this bill a bad idea is the very aspect of it      that makes it attractive to its supporters, that it treats      the fetus as a person separate from the mother though that      same mother has a constitutional right to terminate her      pregnancy. This is useful rhetorically for the pro-life      world, but it is analytically incoherent.  The Blethen, ME, newspaper:       First considered in 1999, the bill purports to create new      Federal crimes for the intentional harm or death of a fetus      or unborn child. But, no matter how much supporters deny it,      the bill's real intent is to undermine women's reproductive      choices. If the bill is passed and signed into law, it would      weaken     the prudent and pragmatic decision handed down in Roe v.      Wade.  In my remarks, I have tried to show that this is a concerted effort. It need not be so. You can attach the same penalties for the same crimes, as our substitute does, without getting into the debate of where life begins. This bill chooses to get into the debate of where life begins and it defines life beginning at conception. It does so in a Federal criminal statute. It is one step in the building blocks of statutes that will constitute the ability to demolish Roe v. Wade.  I think every Member of this body who is pro-choice should vote against the underlying bill and for this amendment because in this amendment, without creating the separate person at conception, we establish the penalties for interruption or termination of a pregnancy. Those penalties are the same--same for murder, same for manslaughter, same for attempted murder, same for attempted manslaughter.  Again, I point out that in California what the State did 34 years ago was essentially amend the murder statute. By amending the definition in the Penal Code section 187, they provided a new definition of murder which said:       Murder is the unlawful killing of a human being, or a fetus      with malice aforethought.  That is the bill under which the Laci Peterson case will be brought to court. It is a different idea because it clearly says that it is a fetus.  Additionally, there is information from those who wish to continue this pursuit to make a fetus a human life, to make an embryo a human life, that this is a concerted strategy aimed at weakening Roe v. Wade.  What we have tried to do is mimic the House bill with respect to the penalties but connect it to the termination of a pregnancy and thereby avoid the distinction of exactly when life begins for the purposes of statute law, in this case criminal statute law, and therefore avoid the problem.  I have indicated, from legal scholars, where they believe this will undermine prosecutions in this situation because they will encourage peremptory challenges of individuals who may have strong beliefs in choice and, therefore, not one likely to recognize that an embryo, or a day pregnancy, or a week pregnancy, or a month pregnancy is, in fact, a living being subject to criminal sanctions if their rights are violated.  It is a complicated issue. But it is a significant issue. It is an important issue.  The more I look at it and see the strategy of the anti-choice movement, the more I see that if you can establish a beachhead of rights in Federal criminal law here, and another statute there, and in a third statute somewhere else, you then begin the march to the Supreme Court in an attack on Roe. Roe sets up a trimester system giving the woman total rights in the first trimester, and then the State the right in the second and third trimester to intervene in certain cases, which has been the case in many State laws that have been passed. You now give the Supreme Court the ability to begin to say: ``It is in law that the embryo has certain rights'' and, therefore, forms the bulwark of the attack on Roe.  You also do something else insidious. I think you very much intervene in stem cell research. Stem cell research, and a good deal of the most auspicious of that research, deals with embryonic stem cells. If you have a law that says an embryo or a zygote is, in fact, a human life, then it is murder if you use that embryo for stem cell research, just as it becomes murder if that embryo is harmed or rejected in the course of an attack on a woman. We avoid all of that.  We simply say termination of a pregnancy, and termination of a pregnancy in the course of a criminal attack creates a second charge, and that second charge carries with it the same penalty as the original charge against the woman herself would carry.  That is the clear intent.  I regret that the Senator would not allow me to modify my amendment. I can never in 12 years remember any Senator being refused the right to modify an amendment, but perhaps we are playing by new rules these days. I know what goes around comes around in this body. I regret that.  But I believe on its face our substitute amendment is clear, it is definitive, it will stand the test of time, and it will prevent what we hope to prevent, which is the first major law which decides when life begins.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Murkowski). The Senator from Ohio.  Mr. DeWINE. Madam President, once again, I want to bring this debate back to its essence. I am afraid so much of the debate from the other side has been about motives--by quoting, with all due respect, the L.A. Times about peripheral issues.  Our intent, if you want to go by intent, is very simple. Our intent is to bring about justice for the victims of crime. Our intent is to bring about justice for the mother and for the child--for the unborn child as well as the mother. It is to conform with what the vast majority of the American people believe; that is, when a pregnant woman is assaulted and she either loses that child or that child is injured, there are, in fact, two victims. It is as simple as that.  On the abortion issue, let us be done with this once and for all. This bill has nothing to do with abortion. The language could not be simpler.  Let me read to the Members of the Senate and invite anybody to read it.       Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit the      prosecution of any person with conduct relating to abortion      for which consent of the pregnant woman or a person      authorized by law to act on her behalf has been obtained or      for which such consent is implied by law.       Two, of any person for medical treatment of the pregnant      woman or her unborn child, or of any woman with respect to      her unborn child.  It is very clear. My colleague argues that this language is going to somehow roll back abortion rights. That is a debate for another day. It is not a debate for today. That language in this bill is very clear.  If this language was a threat to abortion rights, then the language in 29 other States would have been a threat. We have 29 States that recognize fetal homicide law. The language in 16 of those States is virtually identical to the language in this bill.  If the language in this bill was a problem for abortion rights, then it would have been a problem with these other States.  Also, there are some States that have had this language on the books for 30 years, and it has not been a problem for abortion rights.  That is just a bogus issue. Let us stop talking about it, and let us talk about what the issues are.  Let me get back to the two points that I made before. I want everyone to understand the Feinstein amendment. One is not in debate, and one my colleague and I do debate. One I think is not in debate at all; that is, the Feinstein amendment does not recognize a second victim. It goes against good common sense.  Ask someone back in your home State, if a pregnant woman is assaulted and she loses her child, how many victims are there? There are two. If you ask the average person in your State--whether your State is Ohio, California, wherever it is--the average person on the street is going to say: Senator, there are two victims.  That is all we are saying with this bill. We are trying to close a loophole so that if a pregnant woman who is hiking in a national park or is out walking in a national park or a pregnant woman on an Air Force Base--we are not making these stories up. This happens. Pregnant women are attacked all the time. I saw it as a county prosecutor. You ask any county prosecutor--yes, any police officer, anybody who is a victims rights advocate--how often pregnant women are attacked, a pregnant woman who is in a national park, a pregnant woman who is on Federal property and is attacked. What we are simply saying is that it is wrong if a national park or Federal property is in a State that does not have a similar law to this. It is wrong for that Federal prosecutor searching in vain the Federal statutes to find a law for which he can charge that person with the death of a fetus, a child--whatever word you want to use. It is wrong. That happens today. We are closing that loophole.  When this law passes, that won't happen anymore. A Federal prosecutor will be able to say, when law enforcement people come in and they have that case where a woman has been violently attacked, she has been injured but thechild has been killed, they will be able to charge for death of that child. That is the right thing to do. They will be able to file two charges, recognize two victims, and recognize that reality. That is what this does.  Let me state the second thing about the Feinstein amendment. Look at the amendment.  We have to go to the penalty section. This is the Feinstein amendment.       Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, the      punishment for that separate offense is the same as the      punishment provided for that conduct under Federal law had      that injury or death occurred to the pregnant woman.  Remember, this is a criminal law. I go back to my days as a prosecutor: You have to construe a law strictly. When it is a criminal law, you construe it in favor of the defendant. You give every benefit of the doubt to the defendant. If this is vague, there is a problem for the prosecutor. We have a problem with this one. A serious problem.  We have a letter from the Justice Department that says there is no penalty under the Feinstein amendment. Let's look at this carefully and see why: ``Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, the punishment for that separate offense is the same as that punishment provided for that conduct under Federal law had that injury or death occurred to the pregnant woman.''  What injury or death? The problem under the Feinstein amendment is it does not recognize the baby or fetus. Who are we talking about? Read this section above. It talks about ``termination of a pregnancy or the interruption of the normal course of pregnancy.'' It does not recognize two assaults, two injuries, two people. There is nothing for it to reference to. With all due respect, it is not drafted right. If we pass the Feinstein amendment, with all due respect, not only are you not recognizing a separate victim--which we all agree on--but, worse than that, there is no penalty for killing the unborn; there is no penalty for injury.  I have already pointed out, and we looked at the language, why there is no penalty at all for injury. That is clear when we look at this: ``causes the termination of a pregnancy or the interruption of the normal course of pregnancy, including termination of the pregnancy other than by live birth,'' et cetera.  Clearly, that is no reference to the injury. What word here has to do with injury? Nothing. Clearly, this has nothing to do with injury. Any child who is injured, not killed, would not be covered. And in the paragraph below, there is no penalty at all.  If we get by that, which we cannot, but even if you get by all of that, you have the problem of the lesser included offense. We cannot get by that. But take one more problem, assuming you could get by that. There is another reason the Feinstein amendment fails to create a separate punishable offense to terminating pregnancy. All it does is recognize attacks on an unborn child under the label of ``interruption or termination of pregnancy,'' then tacks that label on as an element to any one of the 68 Federal crimes specified. The result is a new series of offenses identical to the previous 68, except for the addition of that one element.  For example, now a criminal could face a Federal charge of assault with the result of termination of pregnancy as well as the original charge of assault. This is important. But because he could be charged with both does not mean he could be convicted and punished for both. Instead, he would be protected by a legal principle known to lawyers as lesser included offenses. That principle protects a defendant from being convicted in and punished for a whole series of crimes that are all a subset of a lesser crime.  We know, for example, the crime of manslaughter and murder. We know one defendant cannot be convicted of both charges for the death of only one victim. If someone is guilty of murder, then he or she must have been guilty of all the components of murder, including the components that made him guilty of manslaughter, but that person, of course, is not convicted of both. You cannot be convicted of both manslaughter and murder. If a man is convicted of a felony for stealing $10,000, he is not also found guilty of the misdemeanor of having stolen $500.  Of course, we can convict one criminal of the murder and manslaughter of two separate people because the laws of these crimes differ on one critical point: They have different victims. That is the difference between our bill and Senator Feinstein's amendment. Ours does not have that problem because we recognize two victims. Her amendment does not. Therefore, it is fatally flawed under this principle. Therein lies another problem.  The bottom line is the Feinstein amendment is fatally flawed. It has no penalty section, as well as not recognizing there is a separate and distinct victim.  The Justice Department analyzed and came to the same conclusion. Again, it is a vague amendment. They come at it a little differently, but here is what they say in a letter of March 24:       Additionally, by omitting any reference to the unborn child      but retaining language contained in H.R. 1997 as introduced,      the substitute appears to create an ambiguity that likely      leaves an offense, could one be found, without a      corresponding penalty. The substitute provides that      punishment for an offense prescribed by the legislation is      the same as the punishment provided under Federal law had the      ``injury or deaths occurred,'' to the pregnant woman.       In H.R. 1997, the object of the ``injury or death'' was the      unborn child. However, in the substitute the injury or death      provision has no object because the only victim under the      substitute is the woman herself. Because there are currently      no penalties in federal law for the offenses of ``termination      of a pregnancy,'' or ``the interruption of the normal course      of pregnancy,'' there would be no penalty even assuming that      a successful prosecution could be brought.  They have analyzed it a little differently than I did, but they come to the identical conclusion for the same reason. Again, it goes back to this sentence in their letter, ``However, in the substitute, the injury or death provision has no object because the only victim under the substitute is the woman herself.''  That is the problem. That is what we have.  Members who come to the Senate and vote on this Feinstein amendment, which is the key vote, need to understand three things: One, abortion has nothing to do with this debate. We have covered that in the language of the bill. But more important is the precedent in the States has already been set. States have bills like this. They have not interrupted people's rights under the Supreme Court in regard to Roe v. Wade and all the other court decisions. It has not interrupted rights having to do with abortion. It has nothing to do with abortion. That is No. 1.  No. 2, the Feinstein amendment fails to recognize what everybody in this country knows: When a woman is attacked, there are two victims.  And No. 3, the thing to remember is the Feinstein amendment carries no penalty. So we will be saying if the Feinstein amendment is passed, we are turning our backs on these victims. We are turning our backs on the unborn, these kids who are, in fact, injured or killed.  I yield the floor.  