President, I thank the majority leader for scheduling this confirmation vote today. Mae D'Agostino has the distinction of being the first newly considered judicial nominee this year. Every judicial confirmation thus far this year was of a nominee who had been unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee last year. Each of those nominations could, and in my view should, have been considered and confirmed last year before the Senate adjourned in December. Ms. D'Agostino appeared at a hearing in February, and her nomination to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Northern District of New York was reported unanimously earlier this month. Now she is being considered by the Senate. This is an example of what we can do. It should not take weeks and months for the Senate to consider nominees reported by the Judiciary Committee, particularly those who are consensus nominees.  Ms. D'Agostino is a native of Albany, New York, and has spent her career in private practice in the Albany area. In addition to her legal practice, Ms. D'Agostino has taught at Albany Law School and the Junior College of Albany. Once confirmed, Ms. D'Agostino will be the only woman currently serving, and only the second woman ever to serve, on the Northern District of New York Federal bench. I thank Senator Schumer and Senator Gillibrand for working with the President on this nomination. They have worked hard throughout the process. In addition to Ms. D'Agostino, there remain nine other judicial nominees awaiting final Senate consideration after having beenreviewed by the Judiciary Committee. Two of those nominations have twice been considered by the Judiciary Committee and twice reported with strong bipartisan support, first last year and again in February. They are Susan Carney of Connecticut to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and Michael Simon to fill a vacancy on the district court in Oregon. Another has been reported favorably four times Judge Edward Chen of the Northern District of California. So in addition to the D'Agostino nomination to fill a judicial emergency vacancy in New York, there are nominees ready to be confirmed to fill two judicial emergency vacancies in California, another judicial emergency vacancy in New York, a judicial emergency vacancy on the Second Circuit, vacancies on the Federal and DC Circuit, a vacancy in Oregon, and two vacancies in Virginia. I expect the Judiciary Committee will consider and report additional judicial nominations this week, adding to the number of judicial nominees ready for final Senate action.  Recently the Judicial Conference of the United States reaffirmed its recommendation that two additional judgeships be added to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit given its workload. That is in addition to the two existing vacancies. Regrettably, the unnecessary delays in considering Susan Carney's nomination to fill one of those vacancies has left that court and the people it serves without much-needed resources. It has also given right-wing pressure groups the chance to launch unfounded attacks on Ms. Carney full of false accusations and innuendo. This is a nominee who had the support of a majority of the Republicans on the committee, and who should have been considered and confirmed last year. The Senate should take up her nomination, debate it and vote on it rather than allowing her record to be smeared. That would be the fair thing to do and the right thing to do. I hope we will do so soon.  Federal judicial vacancies around the country still number too many, and they have persisted for too long. Nearly one out of every nine Federal judgeships remains vacant. This puts at serious risk the ability of all Americans to have a fair hearing in court. The real price being paid for these unnecessary delays in filling vacancies is that the judges that remain are overburdened and the American people who depend on them are being denied hearings and justice in a timely fashion.  Regrettably, rather than reduce vacancies dramatically as we did during the Bush administration, the Senate has reversed course in the first 26 months of the Obama administration, with the slow pace of confirmations keeping judicial vacancies at crisis levels. Over the 8 years of the Bush administration, from 2001 to 2009, we reduced judicial vacancies from 110 to a low of 34. That has now been reversed, with vacancies first topping 90 in August 2009 and staying above that level since. The vacancy rate we reduced from 10 percent at the end of President Clinton's term to less than 4 percent in 2008 has now risen back to over 10 percent.  In contrast to the sharp reduction in vacancies we made during President Bush's first 2 years, when the Democratically controlled Senate confirmed 100 of his judicial nominations, only 60 of President Obama's judicial nominations were allowed to be considered and confirmed during his first 2 years. Whereas the Democratic majority in the Senate reduced vacancies from 110 to 60 in President Bush's first 2 years, today judicial vacancies still number 96. By now, judicial vacancies should have been cut in half, but they have not been. We have not even kept up with the rate of attrition, putting at risk the ability of Americans to have a fair hearing in court.  The Senate must do better. The Nation cannot afford further delays by the Senate in taking action on the nominations pending before it. Judicial vacancies on courts throughout the country hinder the Federal judiciary's ability to fulfill its constitutional role. They create a backlog of cases that prevent people from having their day in court. This is unacceptable. That is why Chief Justice Roberts, Attorney General Holder, White House Counsel Bob Bauer and many others--including the President of the United States--have spoken out and urged the Senate to act.  We can consider and confirm this President's nominations to the Federal bench in a timely manner as the nomination before us today demonstrates. President Obama has worked with the New York home State Senators to identify this nominee, just as he has worked with Senators from both sides of the aisle to identify superbly qualified nominees in districts with vacancies. All the nominations on the Executive Calendar have the support of their home State Senators, Republicans and Democrats. All have a strong commitment to the rule of law and a demonstrated faithfulness to the Constitution.  During President Bush's first term, we proceeded to confirm 205 of his judicial nominations. We confirmed 100 of those during the 17 months I was chairman during President Bush's first 2 years in office and by this date in President Bush's third year had confirmed 112. So far in President Obama's third year in office, the Senate has only been allowed to consider 74 of his Federal circuit and district court nominees. We remain well short of the benchmark we set during the Bush administration. When we approach it we can reduce vacancies from the historically high levels at which they have remained throughout these first 3 years of the Obama administration to the historically low level we reached toward the end of the Bush administration.  I have thanked the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee, Senator Grassley, for his cooperation this year. I see him taking credit for what he called ``our rapid pace.'' I am encouraged by his commitment to ``continue to move consensus nominees through the confirmation process.'' I am glad to see him echo my call to turn the page and end the days of tit for tat on judicial nominations. That is what I did from the first days of the Bush administration in spite of how President Clinton's nominees had been treated.  The committee's ranking Republican often points to the vacancies for which there are not nominees. Of course, some of that is attributable to a lack of cooperation with the White House by some home State Senators. Nonetheless, I agree with the Senator from Iowa that we can do little about confirming nominations we do not have before us. What we can do is proceed expeditiously with the qualified nominations the President has sent to the Senate.  I hope that it is a sign of progress that we are today proceeding to confirm a judicial nominee considered this year and reported earlier this month and hope that we can continue to work to restore regular order in considering judicial nominations. However, I would observe that it is nearly April and every judge confirmed so far this year could and should have been confirmed last year. Every one of them was unanimously reported last year and would have been confirmed had Republicans not objected and created a new rule of obstruction after midterm elections. We have long had the ``Thurmond rule'' to describe how Senator Thurmond shut down the confirmation process in advance of the 1980 Presidential election. Last year's shutdown was something new. I cannot remember a time when so many consensus nominees were left without Senate action at the midterm point of a Presidency. That new level of obstruction has contributed to our being so far behind and judicial vacancies having been perpetuated at so high a level for too long. I hope we can join together to make real progress.  I congratulate Mae D'Agostino and her family on her confirmation today.  