President, I am pleased that the Senate has unanimously adopted my Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act. This measure appropriately narrows the overbroad exemptions to FOIA contained in the bill and will help ensure that the American public has access to important information about potential threats to their health and safety at or near Department of Defense facilities.  I thank Senator Levin and Senator McCain for working with me on this issue and including this language, with our agreed-to modifications, in the managers' package for this bill. I also thank the many open government groups from across the political spectrum that support this amendment, including OpentheGovernment.org, the Liberty Coalition, the Sunlight Foundation and the American Library Association.  For more than 45 years, the Freedom of Information Act has been a cornerstone of open government and a hallmark of our democracy, ensuring that the American people have access to their Government's records. The addition of this measure to the National Defense Authorization Act will help ensure that FOIA remains a viable tool for access to Department of Defense information that impacts the health and safety of the American public.  I am particularly pleased that the language adopted by the Senate includes a public interest balancing test that requires the Secretary of Defense to consider whether the Government's interests in withholding critical infrastructure information are outweighed by other public interests. This improvement to the bill will help ensure that truly sensitive information is protected, while allowing the public to obtain important information about potential health and safety concerns.  This language adopted by the Senate strikes an appropriate balance between safeguarding the ability of the Department of Defense to perform its vital mission and the public's right to know. I am pleased that this measure has been included in this important legislation with the unanimous support of the Senate.  