I have talked on the floor many times about what happened in Vermont with Hurricane Irene.  I was born in Vermont. I have never seen anything like this. It reminds me of the story my grandparents told me of a flood in the early 20th century. We have seen roads, bridges, businesses, homes, farms all over the State wiped out, with repair estimates topping nearly $900 million.  My wife and I have gone all over the State. I have gone with the Governor, adjutant general, and others, seeing things that literally brought me to tears in our beautiful State. Getting hit like that, it is very clear, as I have talked to the people working, that everybody has pitched in. Whether they are from the town that got hit or the next town over that might not have been hit, everybody has pitched in.  It is clear in our little State of 660,000 people we are stretched to the limit. If we don't have adequate Federal disaster recovery aid, Vermont will not have the resources needed to rebuild the lifelines destroyed--the homes, roads, and businesses represented in the daily lives of so many Vermonters and their communities.  Several Federal disaster programs are woefully underfunded. The highway administration emergency relief fund has less than $140 million in reserves. It has a backlog of more than $2 billion to repair projects from previous disasters, including $700 million from Vermont. HUD had no funding available to provide Community Development Block Grant funding to help our State rebuild. So I pushed hard for the $1.9 billion in emergency highway funding and for the vital State waivers that allow States to access the crucial repair work they need without overly restrictive cost sharing. I talked to the Governor, Senator Sanders, Congressman Welch, other State and municipal officials about Vermont's rebuilding needs.  The Governor was down here last week. We sat in my office to talk about the rebuilding needs. These waivers are always at the top of the priority list or our State is going to be devastated.  There are also in this bill provisions that will permanently shift trucks from overburdened State secondary roads, some of which are now dirt roads because of the flooding. They wind through many downtowns across our State's interstate highways. This will especially help Vermont businesses and communities that are struggling most from the large number of State and local roads heavily damaged by Irene. I was glad to work with Senator Collins to include the Vermont provision and any similar provision for Maine. Again, bipartisan cooperation has succeeded.  We included $400 million in emergency CDBG funding. It is a critical downpayment to address housing needs of those hurt by Irene and the flooding this past spring. We have to do this right away. It will be snowing in Vermont in a matter of weeks. Today is a beautiful day. I have been there long enough to know, if you don't like the weather, wait a minute, it will change. We have to get people back in their homes. Vermonters are working hard to make the necessary funding, but we need this. We need this help.  As a Vermonter said to me: Senator, it appears we can spend unlimited amounts of money to rebuild roads and bridges in Iraq and Afghanistan, and they just blow them up. Can't we find even a small portion of that money to rebuild roads and bridges and homes in America by Americans for Americans? And Americans will protect them.  I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania, and I yield to him.  