 As currently written, the language in this bill would authorize the military to indefinitely detain individuals--including U.S. citizens--without charge or trial. I am fundamentally opposed to indefinite detention, and certainly when the detainee is a U.S. citizen held without charge. It contradicts the most basic principles of law that I subscribed to when I was a prosecutor, and it severely weakens our credibility when we criticize other governments for engaging in similar conduct.  I fought against the Bush administration policies that left us in the situation we face now, with indefinite detention being the de facto administration policy, and I strongly opposed President Obama's Executive order on detention when it was announced last March because it contemplated, if not outright endorsed, indefinite detention.  I am also deeply troubled by the mandatory military detention requirements included in this bill, which I believe dangerously undermine our national security. In the fight against al-Qaida and other terrorist threats, we should be giving our intelligence, military, and law enforcement professionals all the tools they need--not limiting those tools. But limiting them is exactly what this bill does. Secretary Panetta has stated unequivocally that ``[t]his provision restrains the Executive Branch's options to utilize, in a swift and flexible fashion, all the counterterrorism tools that are now legally available.'' Requiring terrorism suspects to be held only in military custody, and limiting the available options in the field, is unwise and unnecessary.  The language in the detention subtitle of this bill is the product of a process that has lacked transparency from the start. These measures directly affect law enforcement, detention, and terrorism matters that have traditionally been subject to the jurisdiction of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, but neither committee was consulted about these provisions in July when the bill was first marked up, or earlier this month when it was modified.  The administration proposed revisions to significantly improve the detention provisions. However, rather than negotiate with the administration in good faith, the Armed Services Committee drafted a new version of the language behind closed doors and claimed that it had solved all of the issues raised by the administration. It is obvious from the letters we have received that this is not the case.  I can see no reason why these provisions were rushed through the Committee without the input of the Defense Department and Federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies that will be directly affected if this language is enacted.  We must allow a thorough review to determine the legal and practical consequences that these changes will haveon future counterterrorism and national security operations to ensure they are not hindered. That is what the Udall amendment does. I urge all Senators to support this amendment.  