I have been talking about this nomination since last year. Amy Jackson is one of four nominees to the vacancies that have plagued the District Court for the District of Columbia, this Nation's Capital, for some time. This is another of the nominations that could--and in my view should--have been considered and confirmed last year. Instead, it was one of two nominations to that court unnecessarily returned to the President without final Senate action, despite the nominee's qualifications and the needs of the American people to have judges available to hear cases in the Federal courts. The President has had to renominate Ms. Jackson, the Senate Judiciary Committee has had to reconsider her and now, finally, the Senate is being allowed to consider her.  I have spoken about the vacancies in the District of Columbia on numerous occasions, including during the last 2 weeks. I have noted the criticism from Chief Judge Lamberth of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. Chief Judge Lamberth wrote to Senate leaders last November urging action by the Senate to fill the vacancies that exist on the District Court for the District of Columbia. We could and should have acted before adjourning last year in response to his request. All four nominations were reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee last year. They were needlessly delayed.  When the Senate was allowed to consider and confirm Judge Boasberg on Monday, I, again, raised the question of the refusal on the other side of the aisle to proceed to consider the Jackson nomination. Ms. Jackson's nomination was reported without opposition by the Judiciary Committee last year and, again, earlier this year. Ms. Jackson is a former assistant U.S. attorney with outstanding credentials and experience who the Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary of the American Bar Association gave its highest peer review rating of ``well qualified.'' Representative Norton has called her one of the top practitioners in one of the District's top law firms and given her a strong endorsement. I expect this will be another of the nominations that has been needlessly delayed and then confirmed unanimously or nearly so.  In addition to the Jackson nomination, there remain 10 additional judicial nominees awaiting final Senate consideration after having been reviewed by the Judiciary Committee. Also reported from the Judiciary Committee and before the Senate are nominees to fill two judicial emergency vacancies in New York, a judicial emergency vacancy on the Second Circuit, two judicial emergency vacancies in California and vacancies on the Federal and D.C. Circuit, in Oregon, and two vacancies in Virginia.  Federal judicial vacancies around the country still number too many and they have persisted for too long. That is why Chief Justice Roberts, Attorney General Holder, White House Counsel Bob Bauer and many others--including the President of the United States--have spoken out and urged the Senate to act.  Nearly one out of every nine Federal judgeships remains vacant. This puts at serious risk the ability of all Americans to have a fair hearing in court. The real price being paid for these unnecessary delays is that the judges that remain are overburdened and the American people who depend on them are being denied hearings and justice in a timely fashion.  When Chief Judge Lamberth wrote to Senator Reid and Senator McConnell last November, he noted that Senate action to fill the vacancies in DC was needed so that ``the citizens of the District of Columbia and the Federal Government and other litigants'' who rely on the Court could receive ``the high quality of justice they deserve.'' The Chief Judge wrote about the ``severe impact'' these judicial vacancies were having and observed that the ``challenging caseload'' of the Court ``includes many involving national security issues, as well as other issues of national significance.'' I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the Chief Judge's letter be printed in the Record at the end of my statement.  