President, I want to talk for a few moments about the positive impact next year's Transportation-HUD appropriations bill is going to have on my home State of Vermont, particularly as we continue rebuilding from Hurricane Irene's destructive forces back in August.  I want to praise subcommittee chair Patty Murray and ranking member Susan Collins. Their hard work and dedication ensures the final bill, filed last night, provides both appropriate funding for disaster relief accounts and also moves heavy truck traffic out of historic downtowns both in Vermont and in Maine.  As you and the others know, ever since Hurricane Irene, I have spoken over and over again on the floor of the Senate but also in meeting after meeting of the Appropriations Committee and probably in hundreds of hours in discussions with both Republican and Democratic Senators, especially on the Appropriations Committee, about the needs to Vermont.  Irene was devastating to our small State of Vermont. Both my wife and I were born in Vermont, and never in our lifetime have we seen anything like what we saw--record rains, and flash floods simply washed away homes, farms, businesses, roads, and bridges all over the State, including some that had been there for 100 years. Of all the body blows we suffered when Irene raked our State from border to border, repairing the damage to our roads and our bridges and our rail lines is one of our most urgent priorities, especially in a State in which we have already had substantial snowfalls.  The huge expense of mending our transportation network is well beyond the ability of a small State such as ours. When we tallied up the destruction, it became quickly very clear that Vermont is going to need more Federal help than the money that is now in the pipeline. In fact, we are not alone in that. The same can be said of other States ravaged by Irene.  With many Federal aid disaster programs underfunded, I am especially pleased that this bill contains $1,662 million to replenish the Federal highway disaster relief fund. That is going to help Vermont and the other States that were so badly damaged rebuild vital roadways and bridges. Of course, these connections are crucial to distributing aid, rebuilding our economy, and serving as a lifeline to small communities, and, working with Governor Shumlin, Senator Sanders, Congressman Welch, and community leaders across Vermont, it became clear right away that, given the mammoth destruction of the storm, certain waivers are going to be needed to allow States to have these emergency funds without unnecessary burdens or delays. We have made adjustments to these caps in the past after major natural disasters such as Hurricanes Katrina and Andrew and tornadoes in the South.  I traveled around the State the day after Irene. It was hard to believe it was such a beautiful day. The Sun was shining. It looked like the nicest summer day you could imagine, except that as the Governor and I and General Dubie, the head of our National Guard, went by helicopter, we would go along and we would see a beautiful road, houses, farms, a river running along one side, everything peaceful, and we would go about a mile, and all of a sudden the river was on the wrong side of the road and hundreds of yards of road had disappeared, there were gaping holes 50-, 100-, 150-feet deep and businesses, houses, barns in the river, destroyed. These are places that have not changed for 100 years but did in this. I remember saying to the Governor: We will get the aid.  I was already getting e-mails from some of my colleagues--both Republicans and Democrats--here in the Senate saying that Vermont had always supported their States when they had disasters, and they would support us. But the Governor and I and everybody else realized that we had to have waivers in the final bill to do the things we needed. They are essential to ensuring that Vermont can promptly begin work on emergency and permanent repairs sooner rather than later. It is the middle of November, and they no longer make asphalt after about the middle of November. Severe winter weather is right around the corner. So it will make it nearly impossible to rebuild before March or April.  When I proposed the waivers in this bill, I can't tell you how much I appreciated the fact that Senators Murray and Collins supported that, as did Republicans and Democrats alike, on the appropriations bill. It may seem like a small thing, but to our little State, it is the difference between economic disaster and being able to rebuild, and I can't thank Senators enough for supporting me on these waivers.  The bill also includes another high priority for Vermont: moving heavy trucks off the State's secondary roads and onto our interstate highways. Overweight truck traffic in our villages and downtown poses a threat to the State's infrastructure, but it is also an unnecessary safety risk to both motorists and pedestrians.  The Leahy-Collins provision in this bill will end the steady parade of overweight trucks in Vermont and Maine from rumbling through our historic downtowns and small, narrow roads that come within a few feet of schools, houses, businesses, and town greens. It will help Vermont businesses and communities struggling even more right now because of the large number of State and local roads already heavily damaged during the recent flooding.  When we first met in the Appropriations Committee and I first raised the needs of Vermont, I have to admit that I got emotional in that appropriations meeting, as I did here on the floor. It is because I saw my fellow Vermonters, some, people I have known literally all my life, who drew from their deep reservoirs of resiliency and resolve in the wake of Hurricane Irene; people helping people they don't even know but saying, ``That is the way we do it in Vermont''; people moving even before FEMA or anybody else came to help with the disaster, moving to make sure that people who might need to get to a hospital, even if we had to carve a road through woods for them, it would be done. This is the Vermont way.  But I was moved to tears going through the State and seeing things that I remembered as a child that had always been there and I assumed would be there all my life destroyed in a matter of hours.  These storms are going to enter the history books alongside the horrific floods of 1927 in our State--something I remember my grandparents and parents talking about. I remember my grandparents and parents saying: We hope we never see something like this again. They didn't, but their son did, and I can't tell you how much it hurt.  But I cannot tell you how much it means to me that, again, Senators joined with me in saying: We will find the money Vermont needs. Back in 1927, the National Government helped our State recover, as it should, because, after all, we are the United States of America. The American people come together in times such as these, just as Vermonters have always been among the helping hands extended to other States at their time in need. So the progress this bill makes in helping Vermont and other States meet their urgent needs is a testament to the determination of many in this body. Again, Republicans and Democrats have been willing to set aside ideological differences and partisan tensions to accomplish the work the American people expect from their government.  When I first proposed this increase in disaster aid not only for Vermont but for every other State, when I first proposed these waivers, I hoped they would happen. None of us knew whether they would. I am pleased now to see a bill where they have. It came about because Senators from all over the country of both political parties worked together. You know, I wish we had more of that in Washington these days. I would like to think that maybe this is a wonderful step forward and we are all going to benefit from it.  Mr. President, I know we are shortly to vote on the judicial nominations. I would ask the Chair how much time remains before that vote.  