President, I have spoken many times here on the floor, as has the distinguished Presiding Officer, about the disaster and tragedy Vermont faced from Hurricane Irene.  We all learned with profound sadness that MSG Shawn Stocker of the Vermont Air National Guard suffered a fatal heart attack while working on a road reconstruction project in Cavendish, VT. Sergeant Stocker was the first sergeant of the Vermont Air Guard's Civil Engineering Squadron. We in Vermont mourn this tragic loss, and our thoughts and prayers are with Sergeant Stocker's wife Kristine and their children. When I spoke with Kristine today, I told her that I would talk about her husband on the floor, and his sacrifice for his community, and for our country.  It struck me that what happened on the morning of Sergeant Stocker's passing says much about him, and about the Vermont National Guard. When Sergeant Stocker passed, his troops gathered to consider how best to honor his memory that day. Ultimately, They decided to keep on working, to continue helping their neighbors in Cavendish. ``It is what Shawn would have wanted us to do,'' they said.  We have talked often of the loss and suffering in Vermont in the aftermath of Hurricane Irene. But we must recognize the skillful and tireless work of the Vermont National Guard, which has been so critical to rebuilding our state. They have answered the call to duty to help their neighbors in need. Sergeant Stocker and his fellow Guard members put their country first, do whatever the mission requires, and we will never forget that.  From the very beginning of the disaster up until today, the Vermont National Guard has been deployed to help Vermonters in need. I spoke to Secretary Panetta last night in Washington, and I told him what a great job the Vermont National Guard is doing.  Let me show my colleagues a photograph. This photo is of a Vermont airdrop of supplies to a Vermont town. That town was totally cut off. The only way we could get in the supplies was to bring them in by helicopter. In the days following Irene, the Vermont National Guard immediately went into action to make sure the storm victims cut off by Irene's destruction received emergency supplies. Helicopters airdropped food and water, and we reached out to other State Guards.  I talked with the Senators from Maine. They told me how happy their Guards were to be able to come down and help out. It demonstrates the versatility of the National Guard.  In addition to meeting our immediate needs, the Vermont Guard has taken on major projects such as debris removal and road construction. As in so many other States, when Vermont has a need, our National Guard is there for us. Often they are the first to arrive and the last to leave. Guard units who have come to Vermont to help include ones from New York, Ohio, Maine, West Virginia, Virginia, South Carolina, and Illinois. All of these Guard units have said: We are here. Call us. Tell us what you need. That is one of the things we love about the National Guard. When one State needs help, every State steps up.  One thing Vermont did need in the immediate aftermath of Irene was helicopters. The distinguished Presiding Officer and I helicoptered around the State. It was regrettable that our State needed more airlift. Why did we? Because many of our Black Hawk helicopters were still in Iraq following the most recent deployment. They are the most modern in the fleet, but they are in Iraq. In this season of war, it takes a moment to remember the troops and equipment sent overseas are not going to be available to help out at home if we need them in an emergency.  Like that deployment of equipment, every dollar we spend on the conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan is one less dollar we have to invest in recovery and rebuilding in America.  Let me show another photograph to my colleagues. Look at that NationalGuard working to put in these roads. They are stretched thin, as are the National Guards all over this country because so many of them serve overseas in Iraq and Afghanistan. These are talented engineers, talented men and women, people who know what to do and have the equipment. They can do things nobody else can do, certainly not in our little State.  This is a time to choose investment at home first. I hear people tell me we can't pay for disasters in America unless we take money out of education or medical research or other things Americans need, but we can sign a blank check to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. I am saying, let's worry about America. Americans need help. We are asking for a tiny percentage of what we are spending on a credit card for Iraq and Afghanistan.  America needs us. The citizens in our States are suffering because of a natural disaster. The men and women of the Guard who have come to their aid deserve nothing less.  For the last decade we have waged two wars on the Nation's credit card. We totally ignored paying for it during that time, even though we have raised taxes to pay for every other war in this Nation's history. We did, however, pause to throw ourselves a party in the form of tax breaks tilted toward the very wealthiest among us. The policy was wrong, and it hurt America.  Now, after all these years of funding wars and rebuilding other countries overseas, the leadership of the House of Representatives, in their continuing budget resolution that was defeated yesterday, brazenly told the American people we can no longer afford to come to the aid of Americans in need. Instead we are going to offset the costs of rebuilding America by cutting a program that Americans badly need.  This is ``Alice in Wonderland.'' Are they asking the wealthy to pay their fair share? No. Are they asking the oil and gas companies making record profits quarter after quarter to sacrifice their tax giveaways? No. Are they asking a sacrifice from those companies who get tax breaks for shipping American jobs overseas? No.  That is wrong. We cannot ask these suffering people to sacrifice and refuse to ask those who have the most to contribute their fair share.  We can't cut programs that are going to create new jobs, that provide a basic safety net for struggling families and seniors, while giving every break possible to the very wealthiest among us. It is unconscionable. It is not the American way.  I have been privileged to be in the Senate representing our great State of Vermont for 37 years. We have always dealt with disaster bills together. We have worked across the aisle in the spirit of bipartisanship. Vermonters have not asked why we help out with an earthquake in California. We do it. Vermonters don't ask why we help out in Louisiana or Texas or Virginia. We do it.  We are the United States of America. We work together. We can not afford to toss aside that tradition.  The decision of some to inject politics and political point scoring into disaster relief is a new low for Congress, a Congress that is already scoring records for unfavorability. Leader Reid is right to call for a continuing resolution that includes an emergency disaster relief package that will get aid to all 50 States suffering from the effects of these unprecedented natural disasters.  We try to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan and nobody questions that. Instead, let's rebuild America.  I encourage my colleagues here and in the House of Representatives to do the right thing for people who need our help and move forward with Leader Reid's bill. Our fellow Americans need our support. Let's start spending some time worrying about America.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum, with the time to be equally divided.  