President, I wish to take a moment to describe to the American people and actually Members of both bodies of Congress what is going to happen to our troops and their families if the collapse of the budget negotiations forces the government to shut down. We look at charts and graphs and numbers, but let's talk about the reality.  While I am sure many understand that most government services will halt, it is also important to understand that some government operations will not shut down. In particular, our men and women on Active Duty and in the National Guard and Reserves will continue to serve, but they will do so without pay. At a time when we ask them to fight two wars, to help stay the slaughter in Libya, and to keep peace around the world, another burden is going to be added to their shoulders: They are going to be asked to do it without a paycheck.  Some of those in our Armed Forces--many of them--do not have savings to fall back on in hard times. Many family members are overseas fighting for America while their families are living back here. They are living paycheck to paycheck to pay for their groceries, to pay the car payments or the bills for a sick child or rent or a mortgage, while the other member of the family, the one who earns the paycheck, is over facing the possibility of dying on the field of battle. And now we tell them: Oh, stay right out there and fight. By golly, we are proud of you for fighting. Sorry we can't pay you. Because Members of Congress and the White House can't come together and deal, we can't pay you.  You and your family may not be able to buy groceries, or your child may not get the medical care needed, but, boy, are we proud of you; if you get killed, we will give you a medal.  Come on. Like so many Americans, some of those who serve in the military live paycheck to paycheck. They depend on their pay each month to put food on the table and keep a roof over their families' heads. Certainly, mortgage lenders are not known for accepting excuses when the monthly payments come due. But excuses are all that some Members of Congress can offer for why they will not come to the table and make sure our men and women in uniform get the pay they have earned.  This is not bumper sticker sloganeering government. This is what happens. It is so easy for people to stand up and sanctimoniously state that we are doing this for the good of the country. You are doing it and you are harming the families of our men and women in harm's way.  It is especially disturbing that the hard times that now are in prospect for our troops have been completely avoidable. The possibility of a government shutdown is very real because a relative few are willing to play politics and brinkmanship at a time when the public wants basic, unadorned statesmen. They want Republicans and Democrats to act as though they also have a stake in the course of our government. The American people want Congress to do its job, and that is certainly not too much to ask. Those who are insisting on their way or no way should pause to reflect on what their intransigence means to our troops and their families and, in fact, to every American.  The decision to put politics ahead of the American people is reckless and imposes real hardship on real people. It is crueler still knowing that some of our troops, already facing fears of death or injury and sleepless nights in forward operating bases, must now add paying the electric bill and feeding their families to their list of daily worries.  I have been with some of those troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. They have enough on their minds. They have enough they face every single hour of every single day--especially every single night. They should not have the added worry of whether their families will be able to pay their bills.  Naturally, as cochair of the National Guard caucus, I worry especially for the Vermont National Guard troops who are currently forward deployed to locations throughout the world. Many of them come from our small towns and cities in Vermont and they face these very fears.  In shutting down the government, an ideologically motivated faction in Congress is willing to breach our most fundamental pact with these men and women. We have always said, ``protect our Nation overseas, and we will protect your loved ones at home.'' Who can justify violating that pact with the men and women in uniform?  Some in Congress are already seeking cover, claiming they have put forward plans to fund the Pentagon and our troops. But, of course, even these transparent political ploys would not pay many of our intelligence personnel, our brave and dedicated forward deployed consular staff and officers and others--many of whom work side by side with our troops. Not to mention the vast number of individuals working in communities across the Nation to support our overseas operations. Every one of these dedicated public servants and every one of our troops deserves to be paid for a day's work. Our troops, their families, and those supporting them have enough to worry about without needlessly being pushed to the brink of a costly government shutdown.  I hope that, as we sit here in our plush offices, with our staff and everything we ever want, being well paid as Members of Congress, we let the reality sink in. The distinguished PresidingOfficer has spoken about this many times. The reality is that men and women--the families throughout our country--are being severely hurt. Let's not forget that.  Mr. President, we are seeing some in the other body, reacting to the ire of a minority of vocal, anti-government extremists who make no secret of their desire to shut down the government even while complaining that the government is not doing enough for them, proposing reckless cuts in programs that are vital to job creation and to national security.  Many in the other party are masters at blaming others for a budget deficit and debt they created during the last administration--self-proclaimed fiscal conservatives who, in a few short years, racked up a trillion dollar deficit by borrowing the money for two wars, something that was never done before in the history of this country. Their idea was to cut taxes for millionaires, cut taxes for companies that ship jobs overseas, cut corporate taxes, and borrow the money to pay for the wars while causing the debt to skyrocket. They burned through the Clinton era surpluses and embarked on a massive borrowing binge--and they think they can lecture us on fiscal conservatism.  Any mention of the consequences of what is being proposed is carefully avoided, but the American people should know the facts.  There are many examples. The catastrophic earthquake and tsunami and the nuclear crisis in Japan, as well as the popular uprisings and violence in North Africa and the Middle East, demonstrate once again the essential role that our Embassies and consulates and our foreign assistance programs play in protecting the safety and security of American citizens and our allies.  Our Republican friends have been urging drastic cuts to our international operations and programs, even though they, in total, comprise a mere 1 percent of the Federal budget--1 percent--and have no appreciable impact on the deficit.  Yet when a natural or manmade disaster occurs overseas and Americans are affected or an American is arrested and locked in a foreign jail, those same critics of these programs immediately expect the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development to leap into action.  In Egypt alone, at least 75,000 Americans were living, working and studying when that country erupted in civic unrest and airports and train stations were jammed with throngs of frantic people trying to leave the country. Thousands of Americans turned to the U.S. Embassy in Cairo. Our consular officers worked around the clock to help them, including a group of Vermont students, one of whom had lost his passport.  Just last week, another Vermont student was released after 2 weeks in a Syrian jail, thanks to the persistent diplomacy of U.S. Ambassador Robert Ford and other U.S. Embassy officials, as well as the Syrian Ambassador to the United States, Imad Moustapha, who helped convince his government that a mistake had been made. My office worked closely with them, as is customary when a constituent is in trouble in a foreign land.  As every Member of Congress knows, there are countless examples such as these, involving Americans from every State, which are not reported in the press.  As the international affairs budget faces deep cuts in fiscal year 2011 and in the future, it is important to be reminded of the invaluable assistance provided by the State Department and USAID to American citizens abroad, their families in the United States, and others impacted by foreign crises.  It is also important to be reminded that Members of Congress and the American people cannot have it both ways. You cannot on the one hand support drastic budget cuts, and at the same time expect the agencies that are losing personnel and resources to be able to respond as needed to help Americans when disaster strikes.  Today the crushing demands on the State Department for American citizen services are unprecedented. In the past month alone, the Department has issued travel warnings and alerts related to political unrest or natural disasters in six countries. Americans rely on their State Department for current, accurate travel information.  Since the earthquake and tsunami, U.S. consular officers in Japan and Washington have worked ceaselessly to assist Americans in Japan, and the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo deployed teams to the Tohoku region to locate American citizens and help them find transportation away from the devastated areas. USAID sent search and rescue teams and emergency response experts to Japan.  They were doing the same thing a little over 1 year ago in Haiti, after the catastrophic earthquake there.  As much of the world's attention has shifted to Libya, the State Department continues to closely monitor the situation in Japan, including the impact of the damage to the nuclear powerplant, and to provide updated detailed travel warnings and information for Americans considering travel to Japan.  Throughout North Africa and the Middle East, to prevent chaos and suffering at borders and surrounding areas, the State Department and the USAID have provided food, water, and other humanitarian aid to refugees and internally displaced persons.  It is regrettable that despite these realities, so many in Congress support reckless cuts in operations for the State Department and USAID. It makes no sense to wait until these agencies can no longer function effectively before we recognize that we cannot ignore events beyond our borders, and that the services Americans expect from their government cost money. In fact, the cost of everything--fuel, transport, rent, communications, and security--is going up, while budgets are being cut.  An unfortunate trend is taking hold here. Demand cuts in spending and in the taxes to pay for it, while expecting that it will not affect the government services you take for granted.  The world is a dangerous place and unanticipated disasters of every kind are occurring with remarkable frequency. American citizens are spread far and wide around the globe, and they rely on the State Department and USAID to protect their livelihoods and their security every day. For that, the people who serve in these agencies deserve our thanks and our support.  