 I want to thank the majority leader for pressing at that time for Senate votes on all 27 of the judicial nominations then on the Executive Calendar. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership would consent to vote on only 10 of those long-stalled nominations. So even after today's vote, we are back where we started with 27 judicial nominations on the calendar awaiting final action by the Senate.  Like the nominations we considered last week and earlier this week, all three of the district court nominations the Senate considers today were reported favorably by the committee months ago with strong bipartisan support. They have all been fully considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee. They have all been through a thorough vetting process. They were all ready for a final Senate vote well before the August recess, but we are only considering them now, halfway through October.  As I said when the Senate returned from the September recess with votes on six long-pending nominations, I hope that these votes are an end to the unnecessary stalling by Senate Republicans on nominations. I hope that the Senate will build on these votes and make real progress in addressing the crisis in judicial vacancies that has gone on for far too long, to the detriment of our courts and the American people. Votes on four to six judicial nominees a week cannot be the exception if we are going to bring down a judicial vacancy rate that remains above 10 percent, with 92 vacancies on Federal courts across the country. Votes on four to six nominations would be required throughout the year to make a real difference. I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will join together with us to end their insistence on harmful delay for delay's sake.  We need a return to regular order where the timely consideration of consensus, qualified nominees is not the exception but the rule. With Republican agreement, we could vote today on all 30 of the nominations reported by the Committee. Of the 27 judicial nominations that will remain on the Executive Calendar tomorrow, 24 of them were reported with unanimous support of every single Democrat and every single Republican serving on the Judiciary Committee. All of them have the support of their home State Senators, including 13 who have the support of Republican home State Senators.  I have served in the Senate for years, with both Republican leadership and Democratic leadership, Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents. Especially for district courts, when nominees were voted out of the committee with a bipartisan majority or voted out unanimously, they were voice-voted within a matter of weeks. That has changed: under President Obama, Republicans are delaying judges who were voted on unanimously by every Republican and Democrat in the Judiciary Committee. I do not think that is right.  The path followed by the Senate in considering the nomination of Judge Jennifer Guerin Zipps is the path that should be followed with all consensus nominations. Judge Zipps was nominated to fill the emergency judicial vacancy created by the tragic death of Judge Roll in the Tucson, Arizona shootings. I was pleased that, with cooperation from Republican Senators, the time from when the Judiciary Committee reported Judge Zipps' nomination to full Senate consideration was less than 1 month, even including a recess period. It should not take a tragedy to spur us to action to fill a judicial emergency vacancy. Indeed, the time it took the Senate to consider Judge Zipps' nomination was in line with the average time it took for the Senate to consider President Bush's unanimously reported judicial nominations--28 days. It is regrettable that her nomination has become the exception for President Obama's consensus nominations. Those nominations which have been reported with the unanimous support of every Republican and Democrat on the Judiciary Committee have waited an average of 76 days on the Executive Calendar before consideration by the Senate.  Senator Grassley and I have worked together to ensure that the Judiciary Committee makes progress on nominations. Earlier today, the committee reported another five judicial nominations, four of which have Republican home state Senators in strong support. Two of those nominations will fill judicial emergency vacancies in Florida and Utah. There is no need for the Senate to wait weeks and months before voting on these nominations. There is no need for the Senate Republican leadership to continue the unnecessary delays in our consideration of judicial nominations that have contributed to the longest period of historically high vacancy rates in the last 35 years. The number of judicial vacancies rose above 90 in August 2009, and it has stayed near or above that level ever since. We must bring an end to these needless delays in the Senate so that we can ease the burden on our Federal courts so that they can better serve the American people.  More than half of all Americans--almost 170 million--live in districts or circuits that have a judicial vacancy that could be filled today if Senate Republicans just agreed to vote on those nominations that were reported favorably by Republicans and Democrats on the Judiciary Committee. As many as 25 States are served by Federal courts with vacancies that would be filled by these nominations. Millions of Americans across the country are harmed by delays in overburdened courts. When most people go to court they do not consider themselves Republicans or Democrats; they just know they have a reason to go to court. But they now find many vacant judgeships. They cannot get their cases heard, and justice delayed is, as we know, justice denied.  As I have said, we have 27 judicial nominations remaining on the calendar--24 of them voted for unanimously. I ask the Republican leadership to explain to the American people why they will not consent to vote on the qualified consensus candidates nominated to fill these extended judicial vacancies.  The delays which have led to the damaging backlog in judicial nominations is compounded by the unprecedented attempt by some on the other side of the aisle to create what I consider misplaced controversies about the records of what should be consensus district court nominees. This approach has threatened to undermine the long-standing deference given to home State Senators who know the nominees and the needs of their states best. I am glad we are finally going to vote today on the nominations of Alison Nathan to the Southern District of New York and Susan Hickey to the Western District of Arkansas, but I hope Senators will not raise the kind of selective and unfair questions about the qualifications of these two fine nominees which were never raised about President Bush's judicial nominees.  Alison Nathan is currently Special Counsel to the Solicitor General of New York, having earned the Louis J. Lefkowitz Memorial Achievement Award for her work there last year. Ms. Nathan previously had a successful career in private practice at a national law firm, as a professor at two New York law schools, and as an Associate White House Counsel. She clerked for Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens and Judge Betty Fletcher of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.  Ms. Nathan's nomination has the strong support of both her home State Senators. Senator Schumer rightfully praised her intellect and her accomplishments when he introduced her to the Judiciary Committee. Half of the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee joined all of the Democrats in voting to report her nomination favorably. However, some in committee raised concerns about Ms. Nathan's qualifications, citing her rating by a minority of the ABA's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary as ``not qualified.'' I note that a majority of the ABA Standing Committee rated her ``qualified'' to serve. I also note that Ms. Nathan's ABA rating is equal to or better than the rating received by 33 percent of President Bush's confirmed judicial nominees, who weresupported by nearly every Republican Senator. Her rating is better than the four of President Bush's nominees who were confirmed despite a ``not qualified'' rating by the majority of the ABA's Standing Committee, including two nominees to the Eastern District of Kentucky, David L. Bunning and Gregory F. Van Tatenhove, who were supported by the Republican leader. The Senate deferred to the recommendations of the home State Senators in considering President Bush's nominations and confirmed nominees from Alabama, Utah, Arizona and Oklahoma, among other States, who had received a partial rating of ``not qualified.''  There is no question that the Senate should confirm Ms. Nathan. As her resume shows, she is an accomplished nominee with significant experience in private practice, academia and government service. Twenty-seven former Supreme Court clerks have written to the Judiciary Committee in support of her qualifications, including clerks who worked for the conservative Justices. They write:       Although we hold a wide range of political and      jurisprudential views, all of us believe Ns. Nathan has the      ability, character, and temperament to be an excellent      Federal district court judge. We recommend her for this      position without hesitation and without reservation.  I support Ms. Nathan's nomination without reservation, and hope that Senators from both sides of the aisle will join me in supporting this worthy nominee.  The Senate will also vote today to confirm the nomination of Judge Susan Hickey to the Western District of Arkansas. Judge Hickey has the bipartisan support of her home State Senators, Democratic Senator Mark Pryor and Republican Senator John Boozman, both of whom have praised her background and qualifications in introducing her to the Committee. A majority of Republicans joined every Democratic Senator on the Judiciary Committee in voting to report her nomination. Yet because she spent a significant part of her career as a law clerk and took a hiatus from law practice while on family leave, some have questioned whether she is qualified to serve on the Federal bench. In my view, and the view of her home State Senators--one Democratic and one Republican--those concerns are misplaced.  Currently a State court judge serving in the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit in Arkansas, Judge Hickey was previously a career law clerk for the Honorable Judge Barnes, whom she is nominated to replace. During her confirmation hearing, Judge Hickey testified about the experience she gained as a career law clerk to Judge Barnes, saying that she ``[took] part in all matters that were before the court from the time that the case was filed till the final disposition.'' She testified about the cases she has managed as a State Court Judge, and her experience litigating bench trials and jury trials. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Judge Hickey ``qualified'' to serve on the Federal bench. I hope that she will be confirmed with bipartisan support.  The Senate today will also finally consider the nomination of Katherine Forrest to fill another vacancy on the Southern District of New York. Currently a Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, she previously spent over 20 years as a litigator in private practice at the law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore in New York City, where she was named one of America's Top 50 litigators under the age of 45. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Ms. Forrest ``well qualified'' to serve, its highest possible rating. The Judiciary Committee favorably reported Ms. Forrest's nomination without dissent three months ago.  In the weeks ahead, I hope that we continue to consider more of the 27 judicial nominees, nearly all of whom are the kind of consensus nominees we could consider within days. We have an enormous amount of ground to recover. At this point in George W. Bush's presidency, the Senate had confirmed 162 of his nominees for the Federal circuit and district courts, including 100 during the 17 months that I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee during his first term. By this date in President Clinton's first term, the Senate had confirmed 163 of his nominations to circuit and district courts. In stark contrast, after today's vote, the Senate will have confirmed only 108 of President Obama's nominees to Federal circuit and district courts. As a result, vacancies are twice as high as they were at this point in President Bush's first term when the Senate was expeditiously voting on consensus judicial nominations. In the next year, we need to confirm nearly 100 more of President Obama's circuit and district court nominations to bring the vacancies down to match the 205 confirmed during President Bush's first term.  We can and must do better to address the serious judicial vacancies crisis on Federal courts around the country that has persisted for over 2 years. We can and must do better for the nearly 170 million Americans being made to suffer by these unnecessary delays.  Again, I apologize for my voice, I thank the ranking member for his help, and I yield the floor.  