President, I commend the Senate for unanimously passing the Faster FOIA Act of 2011. This important bill will establish a bipartisan commission to examine the root causes of agency delays in processing Freedom of Information Act--FOIA--requests, and to recommend to the Congress and the President steps to help eliminate FOIA backlogs.  Senator Cornyn and I first introduced this bill in 2005, because we were concerned about the growing problem of excessive FOIA delays within our Federal agencies. During the intervening years, the problem of excessive FOIA delays did not go away. That is why in 2010, we reintroduced this bill and the Senate unanimously passed it last year. After the Judiciary Committee's hearing in March on FOIA, we reintroduced this bill yet again--with the hope that the Congress will finally enact this good government legislation. Today, the Senate is doing its part to achieve that goal.  While the Obama administration has made significant progress in improving the FOIA process, large backlogs remain a major roadblock to public access to information. A recent report released by the National Security Archive found that only about half of the Federal agencies surveyed have taken concrete steps to update their FOIA policies in light of these reforms. These delays are simply unacceptable. The bipartisan FOIA commission established by this bill will help to reverse this trend.  The commission created by the Faster FOIA Act will make key recommendations to Congress and the President for reducing impediments to the efficient processing of FOIA requests. The commission will also study why Federal agencies are more and more relying on FOIA exemptions to withhold information from the public. In addition, the commission will examine whether the current system for charging fees and granting fee waivers under FOIA should be modified. The commission will also be made up of government and non-governmental representatives with a broad range of experience related to handling FOIA requests.  I have said many times over the years that open government is neither a Democratic issue, nor a Republican issue--it is truly an American value and virtue that we all must uphold. I thank Senator Cornyn for his work on this bill and for his leadership on this issue. I also thank Senator Whitehouse who has cosponsored this bill.  In addition, I thank the Judiciary Committee's ranking member, Senator Grassley, for working with me on this bill and his help in securing its passage in the Senate. I commend and thank the many open government and FOIA advocacy groups that have supported this bill, including OpenTheGovernment.org, the Project on Government Oversight and the Sunshine in Government Initiative.  I hope that the House of Representatives will promptly pass this good government legislation, so that the Commission on Freedom of Information Act Processing Delays can begin its work.  