I support this legislation and I commend its sponsors, Senator Isakson and Senator Boxer, and their counterpart in the House of Representatives, Congressman Poe, for the efforts they have made to get it passed.  Kate Puzey was a young, vivacious Peace Corps volunteer in Benin when she was murdered. Not only was she the victim of a terrible crime, the Peace Corps mishandled her case, in fact it contributed to her death by failing to protect her identity after she sent an email expressing concerns about the actions of a family member of a Peace Corps employee. It was inexcusable, and it tarnished the Peace Corps' reputation.  This legislation is also a tribute to Kate Puzey's family, who never wavered in their determination to honor and remember Kate by doing everything possible to protect the safety of other Peace Corps volunteers. And I commend the former volunteers, who were victims of sexual assault when they served, who have joined with her family in this effort.  I support this bill and have been a strong proponent of reform at the Peace Corps to improve training, transparency, accountability, and the effective use of resources. In fact, the report accompanying the Senate version of the fiscal year 2012 Department of State and foreign operations bill, S. 1601, which was reported by the Appropriations Committee earlier this week, discusses several steps the Peace Corps should take in this regard. But as chairman of the State and Foreign Operations Subcommittee that is responsible for the Peace Corps' budget at a time when, like other Federal agencies, it is facing cuts, I want to take this opportunity to ask my friend from Georgia if he would clarify the intent behind a few of the bill's provisions.  Am I right in understanding that the Peace Corps has established an Office of Victim Advocacy and that the requirement in section 8A(e)(3) of a 24-hour sexual assault hotline can be met by ensuring that all volunteers have contact information for the Office of Victim Advocacy? I assume this provision is not intended to impose an onerous or impractical burden on the agency, but rather is intended to ensure that volunteers who are victims of sexual assault have reliable contact information for a Peace Corps employee who is appropriately trained to receive a report of sexual assault and provide the necessary information and support to the volunteer.  