President, today, the Senate considers the nomination of Michael Francis Urbanski to fill a judicial vacancy on the District Court for the Western District of Virginia. I thank the majority leader for scheduling the vote today on this nomination, as well as the vote yesterday on another nomination to fill a vacancy in Virginia. With vacancies at 90 in Federal courts throughout the country, I hope that we can continue to work together in the remaining weeks of this work period to ensure that the Federal judiciary has the resources it needs to fulfill its constitutional role.  Our action to take up and vote on these nominations from Virginia, and to come to a time agreement to debate and vote on the long-delayed nomination of Ed Chen to the Northern District of California earlier this week, show that the delays that have slowed our progress on nominations are unnecessary.  Judge Urbanski has been a magistrate judge for 7 years on the court to which has now been nominated. Previously, he was in private practice in Roanoke, VA, and Washington, DC, and was a law clerk to the Western District of Virginia Judge James C. Turk. Judge Urbanski's nomination has the support of both of his home State Senators, Senator Webb and Senator Warner. His nomination was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee over a month ago. I expect that it will be unanimously confirmed today.  In addition to Judge Urbanski, there remain another 10 judicial nominations on the Executive Calendar that have been ready for final Senate action for weeks and, in some cases, many months. Today we reported another five of President Obama's judicial nominations favorably. They are now, also, ready to be considered by the Senate. All of these nominees have a strong commitment to the rule of law and a demonstrated faithfulness to the Constitution. They should have an up-or-down vote after being considered by the Judiciary Committee, and without additional weeks and months of needless delay.  Our ability to make this kind of progress regarding nominations has been hampered by the creation of what I consider to be misplaced controversies about many nominees' records. Recently, Republican Senators have tried to twist nominees' litigation experience against them. Their partisan attacks are not consistent. Republicans oppose some nominees by saying that they do not have sufficient litigation experience. When a nominee has extensive experience and is a successful trial lawyer, they reverse themselves and complain that the nominee has too much experience and will be biased by it.  It is difficult to satisfy people whose standards change in order to explain their opposition. Republicans seem to react this way to President Obama, his actions and his nominees. Republicans were for a deficit commission until President Obama was for it; then they voted against it. They were for action in Libya until President Obama took action; then they were against it.  They opposed Judge McConnell of Rhode Island supposedly because he was an excellent trial lawyer. They opposed Judge Chen of California despite his 10 years as a fair and impartial Federal judge magistrate, because he was a staff attorney litigating to protect civil rights. Both of these nominees have assured us that they understand the difference between being an advocate for a client and serving as a judge. I have no doubt that they do. Judge Chen demonstrated his impartiality in 10 years of work as a Federal magistrate judge. Republicans chose to ignore his demonstrated qualifications and experience. They likewise ignore the sworn testimony of the nominees at our hearings and their answers to Republicans own questions. When they do that, it makes you wonder what is driving their decisions to oppose these qualified nominees.  These are Republican Senators who demanded that President Bush's nominees be confirmed despite their ideological commitment to conservative activism. In those years, Republicans argued that nominees' careers devotedto serving corporate interests and conservative causes were irrelevant to the Senate's inquiry and that all nominees should be confirmed if they met basic qualifications. In President Bush's first term, the Senate regularly considered nominations, confirming 205 to lifetime appointments. We remain well behind that pace, having been allowed to consider only 83 of President Obama's nominations in nearly 28 months of his term.  Senate Republicans are now adopting a much different standard--and a shifting one at that. It almost seems like whatever might be claimed to justify strenuous opposition and voting no on an Obama nominee is justified by the end--opposing the President. That is wrong. That is wrong because this President has worked hard to consult with Republican home State Senators. Yet they still oppose them, including President Obama's first nomination that of Judge David Hamilton of Indiana. Despite Senator Lugar's support, Republicans filibustered that nomination and delayed it for months. They have filibustered five of President Obama's judicial nominations to date.  It is wrong because their actions have created a judicial vacancies crisis that persists to this day. If the 22 judicial nominees Republicans point to as being confirmed this year, 15 should have been confirmed last year and were needlessly delayed. One even required cloture to end an unprecedented filibuster against a Federal trial court nominee.  With judicial vacancies at crisis levels, affecting the ability of courts to provide justice to Americans around the country, we should be debating and voting on each of the 15 other judicial nominations reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee and pending on the Senate's Executive Calendar. The progress we have started to make these last 2 weeks is a sign that the Senate can do better to ensure that the Federal judiciary has the judges it needs to provide justice to Americans in courts throughout the country.  I congratulate Judge Urbanski and his family on his confirmation today.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  