President, I will not use all my time. I do want to note that by starting the week considering two of President Obama's judicial nominations, the Senate is building on the progress we began to make last week. With judicial vacancies in this country remaining over 100, nearly half of them judicial emergencies, the Senate's action on the two outstanding nominees we will consider is much needed. I thank the majority leader for scheduling the time. I thank the Republican leader for his cooperation.  James Graves of Mississippi is a justice of the Mississippi Supreme Court and has been a judge in Mississippi for 20 years. President Obama has nominated Justice Graves to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Fifth Circuit. When he is confirmed, he will be the first African American from Mississippi to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.  Edward Davila has been a California State trial judge for 10 years. For 20 years before his service on the bench, he was a deputy public defender and worked in private practice. President Obama nominated Judge Davila to fill a judicial emergency vacancy in the Northern District of California.  Both of these nominations were reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee this year. Both also had been reported by the Judiciary Committee unanimously last year. We have reported them out twice unanimously. It is time now to vote on them. They were among the 19 judicial nominees we voted out unanimously and were ready to be confirmed by the Senate last year before we adjourned. When there was objection to proceeding last year, the vacancies persisted, the President had to renominate them andthe Judiciary committee had to reconsider their nominations. We passed them out unanimously from the committee. I expect the Senate will confirm both tonight and will do so unanimously.  Both have the support of their home State Senators. I will begin with Justice Graves. Both Senator Cochran and Senator Wicker have worked with the President and me in connection with the nomination of Justice Graves. Both have been enthusiastic in their support of Justice Graves. The Governor of Mississippi, Governor Barbour, came up to me a few days ago at an event and urged me to move forward with the nomination of Justice Graves. I told him I have been ready to move forward on this nomination since last year. This is an example of a nominee with bipartisan support. Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer have worked with the President and with me in connection with the nomination of Judge Davila.  I hope the votes we had last week and the votes we are having tonight signal the return to regular order that I have been seeking for months. Nominees who have been voted out unanimously by every Republican and every Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee ought to be brought up for a vote on the Senate floor without unnecessary delays. My experience over the last 37 years is that when you have nominations like these, they almost always also go through unanimously in the full Senate. These are two of the eight judicial nominees unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee who are ready for final consideration and final action by the Senate. I hope the other six judicial nominations to fill vacancies in Georgia, California, North Carolina, and the District of Columbia will all be considered before the President's Day recess.  As I indicated before, when these two nominees are confirmed, there will still be 100 Federal judicial vacancies around the country. That is too many, and they have persisted for too long. If you are a litigant and trying to get a case heard, you do not care whether your judge was nominated by a Republican or a Democratic President, you just want to make sure there is a judge there so your case can be heard. All over the country, however, people cannot get their cases heard because of the judicial vacancies.  That is why Chief Justice Roberts, Attorney General Holder, White House Counsel Bob Bauer, and many others, including the President of the United States, have spoken out and urged the Senate to act. That is why the front page story in the Washington Post last Tuesday bore the headline: ``Vacancies on Federal Bench Hit Crises Point.'' As that report stated, vacancies are ``increasing workloads dramatically and delaying trials in some of the Nation's Federal courts.''  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record at the conclusion of my statement a copy of the Washington Post report on the judicial vacancies crises.  