President, I thank the majority leader for pressing forward to secure a vote on another of the 25 judicial nominees ready for Senate consideration. I am disappointed that the Senate Republican leadership would only agree to vote on 1 of the 25 judicial nominees ready and waiting for final Senate action. All 25 of the nominees are qualified and have the support of their home state Senators, Republican and Democratic. Twenty-one of these judicial nominations were unanimously approved by the Judiciary Committee. Senate Democrats are prepared to have votes on all these important nominations. I know of no good reason why the Republican leadership is refusing to proceed on 24 of the 25 nominations stalled before the Senate. At a time when the vacancy rate on Federal courts throughout the country remains near 10 percent, the delay in taking up and confirming these consensus judicial nominees is inexcusable.  I know that Senator Reid is especially pleased that the Senate has the opportunity for a final vote on the nomination of Judge Evan Wallach to fill a vacancy on the Federal Circuit. Judge Wallach is an experienced jurist with a distinguished record who has been serving on the U.S. Court of International Trade. He received the highest possible rating from the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary, unanimously ``well qualified.''  I am delighted that Judge Wallach's nomination has not been delayed as long as others. This nomination was reported by the Judiciary Committee on October 6. There is no good reason why all judicial nominations are not considered within a month of being reported, especially the consensus nominees reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee. It is my hope that this timeline can be an example and set the standard for action on other nominations, as well. When the Senate approved the nomination of Judge Zipps of Arizona less than 1 month after it was reported by the committee, we showed that there is no need for additional delay. These needless delays perpetuate vacancies and deny the American people the judges needed in our courts to provide justice.  What is disappointing is that the Senate Republican leadership has yet to agree to votes on the long-pending nominations of Judge Chris Droney of Connecticut to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Second Circuit, Morgan Christen to fill one of several judicial emergency vacancies on the Ninth Circuit, or Judge Adalberto Jordan to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Eleventh Circuit. The Droney nomination has been stalled for 3\1/2\ months despite there being no opposition. The Christen nomination has been pending a month longer than Judge Wallach's and was also reported unanimously. Judge Jordan's nomination is approaching 1 month on the Senate Executive Calendar despite his being a consensus nominee supported by both his Democratic and Republican home State Senators. Also pending is the nomination of Stephanie Thacker to fill a vacancy on the Fourth Circuit. All of these consensus circuit court nominations should be considered and approved without further delay. In addition, the Senate should give consideration to Caitlin Halligan's nomination. Her nomination to the DC Circuit was approved by the committee in March.  Judge Wallach is only the seventh of President Obama's circuit court nominations the Senate has considered this year, compared to 12 at this point in President Bush's third year. We are not doing nearly as well despite five additional circuit court nominations on the Senate Calendar awaiting a vote. By this point in the third year of President Bush's administration, the Senate had confirmed 29 of his circuit court nominees. By comparison, the Senate has confirmed only 22 of President Obama's circuit court nominees. By this point in the Bush administration, vacancies had been reduced to 42. By comparison, today they stand at 83. By this point in President Bush's first 3 years, the Senate had confirmed 167 of his Federal circuit and district court nominees. So far in the 3 years of the Obama administration, that total is only 115.  During President Bush's first 4 years, the Senate confirmed a total of 205 Federal circuit and district court judges. As of today, we would need another 90 confirmations over the next 12 months to match that total. That means a faster confirmation rate for the next 12 months than in any 12 months of the Obama administration to date. That would require Senate Republicans to abandon their delaying tactics. I hope they will. This is an area where the Senate must come together to address the serious judicial vacancies crisis on Federal courts around the country that has persisted for well over 2 years. We can and must do better for the millions of Americans being made to suffer by these unnecessary Senate delays.  More than half of all Americans--over 162 million--live in districts or circuits that have a judicial vacancy that could be filled today if Senate Republicans just agreed to vote on the nominations now pending on the Senate calendar. As many as 24 States are served by Federal courts with vacancies that would be filled by these nominations. Millions of Americans across the country are harmed by delays in overburdened courts. The Republican leadership should explain why they will not consent to vote on the qualified, consensus candidates nominated to fill these extended judicial vacancies.  Senator Grassley and I have worked together to ensure that each of the 25 nominations on the Senate Calendar was fully considered by the JudiciaryCommittee after a thorough but fair process, including completing our extensive questionnaire and questioning at a hearing. This White House has worked with the home state Senators, Republicans and Democrats, and each of the judicial nominees being delayed from a Senate vote is supported by both home State Senators. The FBI has conducted a thorough background review of each nominee. The ABA's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has conducted a peer review of their professional qualifications. When the nominations are then reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, there is no reason for months and months of further delay before they can start serving the American people.  No resort to percentages of nominees ``processed'' or ``positive action'' by the committee can excuse the lack of real progress by the Senate. In the past, we were able to confirm consensus nominees more promptly, often within days of being reported to the full Senate. They were not forced to languish for months. The American people should not have to wait weeks and months for the Senate to fulfill its constitutional duty and ensure the ability of our Federal courts to provide justice to Americans around the country.  The American people need functioning Federal courts with judges, not vacancies. Though it is within the Senate's power to take significant steps to address this problem, refusal by Senate Republicans to consent to vote on consensus judicial nominations has kept judicial vacancies high for years. The number of judicial vacancies has been near or above 90 for over 2\1/2\ years. A recent report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service found that these delays have resulted in the longest period of historically high vacancy rates on Federal district courts in the last 35 years. These needless delays do nothing to help solve this serious problem and are damaging to the Federal courts and the American people who depend on them.  