President, one of the amendments that have been pending is the Leahy-Graham National Guard empowerment amendment, which is amendment No. 1072. I was just discussing with the distinguished leaders of the Armed Services Committee, Senators Levin and McCain, the possibility of a time to bring that amendment up for a vote. While we are in quorum calls anyway, let me talk a little bit about what the amendment is.  Over the past decade, as we all know, the National Guard has undergone a profound change--actually, a historic change. Once, it was a hollow force, considered only a strategic reserve for nightmare contingencies, but the National Guard has become an operational reserve that deploys in regular rotation with the Active-Duty Force. As a matter of policy and reality, Army and Air National Guard troops from States around the country shoulder their load overseas, but they also carry a disproportionate share of the domestic response in disaster relief missions at home, including responding to terrorist events. Institutional support for the National Guard still lags behind its operational role.  When I have been on battlefields, whether Iraq, Afghanistan, or elsewhere, and I have talked to the commanders there, they do not know the difference between, when looking at soldiers about to deploy, which one is Guard and which one is regular force because they are deploying together and expected to do the same job. But, unfortunately, today's National Guard is a superb 21st-century force trapped inside the 20th-century Pentagon bureaucracy.  Without raising the profile of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in the supreme military advisory body of the Department of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the United States will miss an opportunity to capitalize on positive changes that began in response to post-9/11 operations tempo. So our amendment makes that change, as well as several others that will enhance the Guard's effectiveness.  I may sound parochial, but I think of immediately after 9/11. We had armed F-16s flying guard over New York City around the clock, day after day. They were from the Vermont Air National Guard, and they maintained their readiness 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, protecting us because we did not know what else might come. Well, I think just about every Senator here could talk about similar types of work the Guard from his or her State has done.  Now, in this period of flatlining or even declining Pentagon budgets, the Department of Defense has to increase the role of the National Guard as an element of the overall force mix. Without the Chief of the National Guard Bureau on the Joint Chiefs of Staff, among the other changes made by this amendment, the unique experience of nearly half a million members of the National Guard will continue to be largely unknown, and their voices, their interests, and their concerns have gone mostly unheard. So the change is not only necessary, it is actually a decade overdue.  This amendment is not just out of the blue. It has 70 cosponsors. More than two-thirds of the Senate support it. It is an overwhelmingly bipartisan majority of Senators. It goes across the political spectrum, and it goes across the States of this Nation. It demonstrates that the provisions contained in this amendment, all of which empower the National Guard, should be included in this year's National Defense Authorization Act.  As I have said, I have been overseas. I know the distinguished Presiding Officer has. Most of us here have. We have watched our troops operate, and you cannot tell which troops are in the Guard and which are Active Duty. Certainly when they are out facing the enemy and putting their lives on the line, there is not a sign that says: Shoot at this one because they are Active but not this one because they are in the Guard. They are all facing the same dangers.  They stand and work side by side. We have to reflect our reality inside the Pentagon as well as outside of it on the battlefield.  I urge all of my colleagues, cosponsors and nonsponsors alike, to join me in making sure the Guard finally has a voice commensurate with its operational role.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  