President, in 2008, I was proud to join Senator Durbin in support of the National Guard and Reservists Debt Relief Act, which President Bush signed into law. This last week I have been able to arrange on behalf of the Senate Judiciary Committee for expedited action on the bill's extension, and that the Senate is passing unanimously. I commend Chairman Lamar Smith and the House Judiciary Committee for moving this legislation, and Representative Cohen, the bill's author, for his leadership and attention to the issue. Without this measure, the authority we provided to help our Guard and Reserve families would expire. By taking this action we preserve the assistance this authority provides.  It is a privilege to work on behalf of the men and women who serve in the Vermont National Guard. They have and continue to make all Vermonters proud. I cannot say enough about the men and women who serve in the National Guard and Reserve. They and their families deserve the full support of Congress for the sacrifices they make. Especially now, where multiple conflicts have demanded even more of them, when so many have been called into active service, we need to keep them foremost in our thoughts.  Extending the protections of the National Guard and Reservists Debt Relief Act for another 4 years is the right thing to do. The bill the Senate passes today will exempt qualifying members of the Guard and Reserve from the harsh means test imposed in our bankruptcy laws a few years ago. As a result of Congress's enactment of a 2005 bankruptcy measure, passed at the behest of large banks and credit card companies, Americans who must make the difficult decision to seek the protection of the bankruptcy court now face onerous requirements to demonstrate that they are experiencing sufficient hardship to enter chapter 7 bankruptcy. Under the National Guard and Reservists Debt Relief Extension Act, qualifying members of the Guard and Reserve will be protected against the burden of this requirement for another 4 years.  In my view, no American, particularly in times of such economic hardship, should have this burdensome requirement of the so-called means test imposed upon them. The bankruptcy system was established to protect Americans and give them a fresh start. The 2005 enactment turned the law on its head. I opposed this provision in the Senate in 2005, and continue to have serious misgivings about a policy that presumes that Americans facing extreme financial hardships are abusing the bankruptcy process.  Passage of the National Guard and Reservists Debt Relief Extension Act is a step forward toward correcting our current policy.  I also note that passage of this legislation is another example of the good cooperation that exists between the Senate and House Judiciary Committees operating across the aisle and across the Capitol. Last night, the Senate passed H.R. 394, the Federal Courts Jurisdiction and Venue Clarification Act, a bill sponsored by Chairman Smith to bring clarity to the operation of Federal jurisdictional and venue statutes, thereby helping to reduce wasteful litigation over these issues. This bipartisan bill was cosponsored in the House by Representatives by Howard Coble, ranking member John Conyers, Jr., and Hank Johnson of Georgia. Companion legislation was introduced in the Senate by Senator Klobuchar, who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, and was cosponsored by Senator Sessions, the ranking member on the subcommittee.  These two bills are just the most recent examples of legislation I have worked with Chairman Smith to enact. Of course, we worked together to enact the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to revitalize our patent laws. We worked together on authorizing the extension of the term of FBI Director Mueller, which required a statutory exception, and on reauthorizing the USA PATRIOT Act.  Other examples include H.R. 368, Representative Hank Johnson's bill to clarify removal provisions for matters filed in State courts against Federal agencies and officers; H.R. 398, Representative Lofgren's bill to toll certain time periods for those in active service to our country; S.1637, Senator Klobuchar's bill to clarify how time is calculated under the Federal Rules; and H.R. 2944, Chairman Smith's bill to extend the authority of the U.S. Parole Commission.  In addition to these nine measures, we are continuing to work on a number of additional bills, including: S. 1639, Senator Tester's bill to amend the American Legion charter; and S. 1541, Senator Bennet's bill to revise the Blue Star Mothers' charter.  I look forward to our continued collaborative relationship. Our successful efforts across the aisle and across the Capitol show that the partisan gridlockthat has become all too prevalent these days does not govern everywhere.  