President, as we return from Easter recess, judicial vacancies around the country remain at historically alarming levels, as they have for the last 3 years. With 1 out of every 9 Federal judgeships still vacant, and judicial vacancies around the country remaining at 95, we have serious work to do.  I thank the majority leader for scheduling votes on two more nominations to fill judicial emergency vacancies. Roy Bale Dalton, Jr., has been nominated to fill a judgeship in the Middle District of Florida and Kevin Hunter Sharp has been nominated to fill a judgeship in the Middle District of Tennessee. Each nomination was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee more than a month ago. They both could be confirmed unanimously.  With cooperation from both sides of the aisle, the Senate could consider the additional 13 judicial nominees ready for final Senate action. I had hoped that the Senate would have considered a number of them before taking its Easter recess 2 weeks ago. Among those nominees are another five to fill additional judicial emergency vacancies, three of them reported by the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support, including one which was reported unanimously but remains stalled on the calendar awaiting final action.  We should certainly have proceeded with the judicial nominees for whom there is no opposition and no reason for delay. That would have allowed us to confirm another seven nominees. They have all been thoroughly reviewed by the members of the Judiciary Committee in a hearing and have all been recommended to the Senate unanimously. They are Arenda L. Wright Allen to fill a vacancy in the Eastern District of Virginia; Michael Francis Urbanski, to fill a vacancy in the Western District of Virginia; Clair C. Cecchi to fill a vacancy in New Jersey; Esther Salas to fill another vacancy in New Jersey; Paul Oetken and Paul Engelmayer to fill vacancies in the Southern District of New York; and Ramona Manglona to fill a vacancy in the Mariana Islands. The Virginia nominees have been waiting for final consideration longer than those nominees who are being allowed to be considered today.  Two of the nominees currently awaiting a Senate vote have twice been considered by the Judiciary Committee and have twice been reported withstrong bipartisan support, first last year and again in February. They are Susan Carney of Connecticut to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and Michael Simon to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the District Court in Oregon. Two of the nominations have been reported favorably by the Committee three times--that of Goodwin Liu to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Ninth Circuit and that of Jack McConnell, reported with bipartisan support to fill a vacancy for the District of Rhode Island. Another currently pending nomination has been reported favorably four times, that of Judge Edward Chen to a judicial emergency vacancy on the Northern District of California. All of these nominations have long been ready for a Senate vote. So is the nomination of Caitlin Halligan to fill a judicial vacancy on the DC Circuit.  All 15 of the pending nominees have a strong commitment to the rule of law and a demonstrated faithfulness to the Constitution. All should have an up-or-down vote after being considered by the Judiciary Committee, and without weeks and months of needless delay.  If we join together, we can make real progress by considering all of the judicial nominations now on the Senate's Executive Calendar. If the Senate were to take favorable action on the 15 judicial nominations currently pending and awaiting final Senate consideration, we could reduce vacancies to below 90. In fact, we would be able to reduce them to 80 for the first time since July 2009.  Federal judicial vacancies around the country still number too many, and they have persisted for too long. Whereas the Democratic majority in the Senate reduced vacancies from 110 to 60 in President Bush's first 2 years, judicial vacancies still number 95 more than 26 months into President Obama's term. By now, judicial vacancies should have been cut in half, but we have barely kept up with attrition.  Regrettably, the Senate has not reduced vacancies dramatically as we did during the Bush administration. In fact, the Senate has reversed course during the Obama administration, with the slow pace of confirmations keeping judicial vacancies at crisis levels. Over the 8 years of the Bush administration, from 2001 to 2009, we reduced judicial vacancies from 110 to a low of 34. That has now been reversed, with vacancies staying above 90 since August 2009. The vacancy rate--which we reduced from 10 percent at the end of President Clinton's term to 6 percent by this date in President Bush's third year, and ultimately to less than 4 percent in 2008--has now swelled to nearly 11 percent.  The two nominations we consider today demonstrate that there is no reason the Senate cannot consider and confirm the President's nominations to the Federal bench in a timely manner. Both nominees show President Obama's commitment to working with home State Senators of both parties to identify superbly qualified nominees in districts with vacancies. I thank Senators Nelson, Rubio, Alexander and Corker for working with President Obama on these nominations and congratulate them along with the nominees and their families.  I have thanked the Ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee, Senator Grassley, for his cooperation this year. I am glad to see him echo my call to turn the page and end the days of tit for tat on judicial nominations. That is what I did from the first days of the Bush administration in spite of how President Clinton's nominees had been treated.  My friend from Iowa often speaks about the positive action we are taking on nominations. In order to make these statements meaningful, the Senate needs to consider and confirm the 15 judicial nominations that are awaiting final consideration and action by the Senate. That the Senate Judiciary Committee is doing its work is good, but to send judicial nominations to the Senate is not enough. It means nothing if they are not considered by the Senate. More than a dozen continue to languish without positive action by the Senate. Some have been stalled since last year and one from two years ago. They all are waiting for what I would call ``positive action.''  I ask unanimous consent that a column by Ashley Belleau, the National President of the Federal Bar Association be printed in the Record at the end of my statement, which, in part, says:       The business of America is business, and when business      can't figure out if their patents are good, their contracts      are good, they can't figure out what to do about their tax      situation, things bog down. Businesses need a strong rule of      law and prompt rulings by judges. Vacancies desperately need      to be filled; new judges desperately need to be added. We owe      that to our citizens. We owe that to our Constitution. We owe      that to the rule of law. And we owe it to the cause of      justice.       Prompt and thoughtful justice, not endless delay, is what      the American people expect from their legal system. It is      what we deserve. It is what due process requires. And it is      the most cost-efficient approach to the resolution of      lawsuits in our nation's courts.  