President, yesterday, Americans across the country gathered to remember the thousands of innocent lives that were taken so cruelly and indiscriminately in the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. Although a decade has passed, I vividly remember that tragic day. I was right here in Washington when American Airlines flight 77 struck the Pentagon. It was a defining moment for our country. Congress acted swiftly to create a fund to aid victims of the attacks, and we worked in a bipartisan manner to update our laws to counter these new enemies. In the years since September 11, 2001, the threat that violent extremists pose to America has endured, if not increased. Fortunately, the increased attention to preventing terrorist attacks by both the Bush and Obama administrations has prevented another large scale attack, and foiled numerous plots.  As we remember the victims of the September 11 attacks, and the soldiers and National Guard members who we have lost in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we should also reflect on the lessons we have learned. In the aftermath of this tragedy, it became clear that turf battles between Federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies, and a resulting lack of information sharing between these agencies, contributed to the failures that allowed the hijackers to enter the country and evade authorities. In addition,the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI, possessed deficient and outdated technology. It suffered from a woeful lack of skilled translators in key languages, and did not have sufficient numbers of counterterrorism analysts to swiftly absorb and comprehend intelligence information. Each of these factors contributed to the Government's failure to connect the dots prior to the attacks.  Faced with these issues and a new type of threat, our law enforcement and intelligence agencies were forced to adapt. Over the past decade, I have worked to ensure that our Federal agencies have the tools they need to make our borders more secure, improve our intelligence gathering, track down terrorists, and bring them to justice. Having expedited the hiring of translators and armed with upgraded technology, the FBI can now operate and communicate more efficiently. I have also supported efforts to refine government surveillance authority to allow agencies to gather the information they need to prevent additional attacks.  However, along with these expanded authorities, I have also worked to include essential oversight and accountability measures to ensure that these new powers do not go unchecked. The most intrusive surveillance authorities of the USA PATRIOT Act are subject to sunsets, which require Congress to revisit how the authorities have been used. Combined with inspector general audits and public reporting requirements, the American people and Congress can regularly scrutinize the use of these surveillance tools. The importance of oversight and supervision of Government powers to protect civil liberties was important before September 11, 2001, and even more critical after. While I firmly believe in keeping our Nation safe, relinquishing our freedoms and values will only weaken our ability to fight terrorism.  Ten years after September 11, 2001, the ability of our intelligence community to collect and analyze information has drastically improved. However, despite these improvements, we have vast amounts of information that can become overwhelming and lead to lapses in national security, such as the shootings at Fort Hood and the attempted Christmas Day bombing in 2009. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I remain committed to ensuring that we continue to adapt and respond to evolving threats in order to keep this country safe from another terrorist attack, while upholding the rule of law and protecting critical civil liberties and privacy protections.  Although some of the national security policies and tactics of the past decade have caused divisiveness and controversy, President Obama delivered news on May 1, in which all Americans could take comfort. Justice had finally been served to Osama bin Laden for his atrocities. While the death of Osama bin Laden will never bring all of his victims back, we hope that it may help bring closure to all those who still grieve over their loss. The hard work of our brave American service members, who have sacrificed so much, made this mission a success for the benefit of an entire country.  As we commemorate the sacrifices of so many that took place 10 years ago and in the wars since, we must continue to dedicate ourselves to upholding and strengthening the principles and values that define our democratic Nation. That is what distinguishes us from those who attacked us on September 11, 2001, it is what ultimately enable us to defeat them, and it is what people around the world expect from us.  