President, American ingenuity and innovation have been a cornerstone of the American economy from the time Thomas Jefferson examined the first patent to today. The Founders recognized the importance of promoting innovation. The Constitution explicitly grants Congress thepower to ``promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for limited times to inventors the exclusive rights to their respective discoveries.''  The discoveries made by American inventors and research institutions, commercialized by American companies and protected and promoted by American patent laws, have made our system the envy of the world.  The Senate has before it the America Invents Act. This will keep America in its longstanding position at the pinnacle of innovation. This bill will establish a more efficient and streamlined patent system that will improve patent quality and limit unnecessary and counterproductive litigation costs, while making sure no party's access to court is denied.  I was glad to see the overwhelming bipartisan vote in favor of ending debate and invoking cloture that was cast yesterday. Yesterday was one of the rare instances ever in Vermont where snow impeded us and made it impossible for us to get back. I am delighted to be back here for what I hope will be the successful conclusion and vote on our legislation.  This is, after all, the product of eight hearings over the last three Congresses, hundreds of meetings, and dozens of briefings. I again thank Secretary Locke and PTO Director Kappos for their involvement, their wise counsel and their support.  Last Congress, I introduced the Patent Reform Act of 2009 as a precursor to the America Invents Act today, along with Senator Hatch and others, and our bill was the subject of consideration and amendments over several thoughtful sessions of markups in the Senate Judiciary Committee in March and April of 2009. At that time, Senator Kyl asked that I convene a meeting with the Director of the Patent and Trademark Office to discuss whether there were further changes the office needed in the legislation to improve the office's efficiency. We held those discussions, and we held countless other meetings and briefings with interested parties in an effort to improve the legislation, again on a bipartisan basis. Bruce Cohen in my office, Aaron Cooper, Ed Pagano and others, had meeting after meeting just as predecessors of theirs had. In short, we spent a whole lot of time making sure this was done right and we did it in a bipartisan manner. Bolstering the American economic recovery and strengthening our efforts in global competition should not be matters of partisanship or political advantage.  The process of discussions, debates and deliberation has resulted in legislation that is going to be a much-needed boon to our economy. It is also a model for our legislative process. It shows what you can do when you set aside partisan rhetoric and instead negotiate and collaborate together in good faith.  I know I speak for Senator Kohl, Senator Whitehouse, Senator Klobuchar, Senator Gillibrand, Senator Coons and the other Democratic cosponsors of the bill when I thank the four senior Republican members of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Hatch, Senator Grassley, Senator Kyl and Senator Sessions for working with us. Innovation and economic development are not uniquely Democrat or Republican objectives, so we worked together to find the proper balance for America--for our economy, for our inventors, for our consumers. It is both a process and a result that should make us all proud.  The last time Congress significantly updated the patent system was more than a half century ago. In the intervening decades, our economy has changed dramatically. A patent system developed in our 1952 economy before the Internet, before cell phones, before computers, before photocopiers, even before the IBM Selectric typewriter, needs to be reconsidered in light of 21st century realities, while staying true to the consistent constitutional imperative of encouraging innovation and invention.  Our patent laws that were the envy of the world in the 20th century desperately need to be updated if we are going to compete effectively and win the future. China and the European Union are improving their patent laws. We can't remain complacent. If we are going to win the global competition by out-innovating the rest of the world, we need a patent system that works in the 21st century.  The array of voices heard in this debate represent virtually all sectors of our economy, all interests in the patent system. They have not been uniform, as expected, but they know the legislative process is one of compromise and accommodation where possible, and it has been that way during the 6 years we have been at work on this bill. Three major areas of concern emerge from this discussion. The America Invents Act addresses each one of them.  First, there is significant concern about delays in the patent application process. The Patent and Trademark Office, PTO, currently has a backlog of more than 700,000 unexamined patent applications. There are several reasons for this, not the least of which is the PTO is overwhelmed with patent applications and doesn't have the resources necessary to work through that backlog.  The Director of the PTO often says the next great invention that may drive our economic growth may be waiting on the shelf, waiting to be granted. Some estimate that each issued patent represents three to 10 jobs. We can ill-afford to keep so many job-creating patents backlogged at the PTO. The America Invents Act authorizes the PTO to set its fees and ensures that the PTO will have access to those fees. We want the PTO to work through its backlog and be current. In his white board presentation on the need for patent reform this week, Austan Goolsbee, the chair of the President's Council of Economic Advisers, illustrated this point by noting that when Alexander Graham Bell applied for a patent that led to the telephone, it was granted in a month. The patent in 1974 that led to the cell phone took less than three years. The average time this year for a patent to be processed is almost three years and several thousand take far longer.  I want to commend Austan Goolsbee, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. His white board presentation this week on the importance of patent reform shows we need to help America win global competition and create jobs. The creation of more than 220,000 jobs in the private sector last month, the creation of 1.5 million jobs over the last 12 months, and the unemployment rate finally being reduced to 8.9 percent are all signs that the efforts we have made over the last two years to stave off the worst recession since the Great Depression are paying off and the economic recovery is taking hold. The almost full percent point drop in the unemployment rate over the last three months is the largest decline in unemployment since 1983. Despite interruptions of economic activity in many parts of the country caused by winter weather over the last months and days, despite the extraordinary rise in oil prices, the Dow Jones industrial average has climbed back to over 12,000 from a low point of 6,500. Passage of the America Invents Act should help bolster our economic recovery and keep us on the right path toward business development and job creation.  According to an article in the New York Times just a couple of weeks ago, patent applications last year amounted to 2,000 a day. There are currently 1.2 million patent applications in the pipeline. Among them could be the next medical miracle, the next energy breakthrough, the next leap in computing ability, or the next killer app. We should be doing all we can to help the PTO Director. It makes no sense that it takes 2 years for an inventor to get an initial ruling on his or her patent application and another year or more to receive a patent, this during a time when technology changes sometimes by the hour, to say nothing by the year and the 2 year and 3 year. As the New York Times reporter Edward Wyatt notes: ``The delays and inefficiencies are more than a nuisance for inventors . . . . [P]atent delays cost jobs, slow the economy and threaten the ability of American companies to compete with foreign businesses.''  Second, there is a concern about the quality of patents that have issued. Just as high quality patents are the key to innovation, low quality patents are a drag on the economy because they provide monopoly rents over products or processes that were not inventive.  Patent examiners are facing a difficult task given the explosion in thenumber of applications and the increasing complexity of those applications. When Congress last overhauled the patent system in 1952, the PTO received approximately 60,000 patent applications; in 2009, it received more than 480,000.  The America Invents Act will improve the quality of patents issued by the PTO in several ways. At the outset, our legislation makes the commonsense change that third parties who see a patent application and know that it is not novel and nonobvious, can assist the PTO examiners by providing relevant information and explaining its relevance.  The bill will also create a new post-grant review process for patents that recently issued to improve the quality of patents in the system, as recommended by the National Academy of Sciences, and it will streamline the current ``inter partes'' system so that it will be a more efficient alternative to litigation.  The third concern is that as business competition has gone global, and patent applicants are increasingly filing applications in the United States and other countries for protection of their inventions, our system puts American inventors and businesses at a disadvantage. The filing system in the United States differs from that in other patent-issuing jurisdictions, which have ``first-inventor-to-file'' systems. The difference causes confusion and inefficiencies for American companies and innovators. The inefficiencies exist both in the application process and in determining what counts as ``prior art'' in litigation. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record an editorial from today's New York Times, which calls the transition to first-inventor-to-file ``simpler and cheaper'' and says it ``should benefit the little guy.''  