President, I thank the majority leader for scheduling today's vote on the nomination of ArendaL. Wright Allen to fill a vacancy on the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. This is the fifth judicial nomination the Senate has considered since returning from the Easter recess. I hope this is a sign of progress. Another 11 judicial nominations are pending on the Senate's Executive Calendar, and with judicial vacancies around the country remaining above 90, we still have a long way to go to address the needs of the Federal judiciary.  Arenda Wright Allen's nomination has the strong support of both of her home State Senators, Senator Webb and Senator Warner. When she is confirmed, Ms. Wright Allen will become the first African-American woman to serve as a district court judge in Virginia. Her nomination was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee over a month ago, along with that of another Virginia nominee, Michael Francis Urbanski, who has been nominated to the Western District of Virginia.  In her 25-year legal career, Ms. Wright Allen has served as a Federal defense attorney, a Federal prosecutor, and a military attorney. She is currently a supervisory assistant Federal public defender in the Eastern District of Virginia having previously served as an assistant U.S. attorney and in the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's Corps. It is vital to have men and women serve as judges who have been prosecutors and defense attorneys. This nominee has been both, and I am sure her experience will serve her well when she is confirmed.  Recently, Republican Senators have tried to twist qualified nominees' litigation experience against them. Their partisan attacks are not consistent. Republicans oppose some nominees by saying that they do not have sufficient litigation experience. When a nominee has extensive experience and is a successful trial lawyer, they reverse themselves and complain that the nominee has too much experience and will be biased by it. They opposed Judge McConnell of Rhode Island on this supposed ground. They opposed Judge Chen of California despite his 10 years as a fair and impartial Federal magistrate judge. I hope they will not now oppose Ms. Wright Allen because she served as a Federal public defender. All of these nominees have assured us that they understand the difference between being an advocate for a client and serving as a judge. I have no doubt that they do.  With continued cooperation from both sides of the aisle, the Senate should also consider the other 11 judicial nominees ready for final Senate action. We should certainly proceed with the judicial nominees for whom there is no opposition and no reason for delay. That would allow us to confirm another seven nominees. They have all been thoroughly reviewed by the members of the Judiciary Committee and have all been recommended to the Senate unanimously. They are Judge Urbanski; Clair C. Cecchi to fill a vacancy in New Jersey; Esther Salas to fill another vacancy in New Jersey; Paul Oetken and Paul Engelmayer to fill vacancies in the Southern District of New York; Ramona Manglona to fill a vacancy in the Marianas Islands; and Bernice Donald of Tennessee, to fill a vacancy on the Sixth Circuit.  I also hope that we can soon consider two of the nominees currently awaiting a Senate vote who have twice been considered by the Judiciary Committee and have twice been reported with strong bipartisan support, first last year and again in February. They are Susan Carney of Connecticut to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on Second Circuit and Michael Simon to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the District Court in Oregon. We should also consider the nomination of Goodwin Liu to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Ninth Circuit, a nomination we have reported favorably three times, and the nomination of Caitlin Halligan to fill a judicial vacancy on the DC Circuit, which we reported favorably over 2 months ago.  All these nominees have a strong commitment to the rule of law and a demonstrated faithfulness to the Constitution. They should have an up-or-down vote after being considered by the Judiciary Committee and without additional weeks and months of needless delay.  Federal judicial vacancies around the country still number too many, and they have persisted for too long. Whereas the Democratic majority in the Senate reduced vacancies from 110 to 60 in President Bush's first 2 years, judicial vacancies still number 91 over 27 months into President Obama's term. By now, judicial vacancies should have been cut in half, but we have barely kept up with attrition. If we join together to consider all of the judicial nominations now on the Senate's Executive Calendar, we would be able to reduce vacancies to 80 for the first time since July 2009.  Regrettably, the Senate has not reduced vacancies as dramatically as we did during the Bush administration. In fact, the Senate has reversed course during the Obama administration, with the slow pace of confirmations keeping judicial vacancies at crisis levels. Over the 8 years of the Bush administration, from 2001 to 2009, we reduced judicial vacancies from 110 to a low of 34. That has now been reversed, with vacancies staying above 90 since August 2009. The vacancy rate--which we reduced from 10 percent at the end of President Clinton's term to 6 percent by this date in President Bush's third year and ultimately to less than 4 percent in 2008--is now back to more than 10 percent.  We have a long way to go to do as well as we did during President Bush's first term, when we confirmed 205 of his judicial nominations. We confirmed 100 of those judicial nominations during the 17 months I was chairman during President Bush's first 2 years in office. So far, well into President Obama's third year in office, the Senate has only been allowed to consider 82 of President Obama's Federal circuit and district court nominees, well short of 205.  The last 2 weeks are a sign that the Senate can consider these nominations. We must work together to ensure that the Federal judiciary has the judges it needs to provide justice to Americans in courts throughout the country. Judicial vacancies throughout the country hinder the Federal judiciary's ability to fulfill its constitutional role. That is why Chief Justice Roberts, Attorney General Holder, and the President of the United States have spoken out and urged the Senate to act.  I congratulate Ms. Wright Allen and her family on her confirmation today.  The Senator from Alaska is recognized.  