 Mr. President, I was disappointed that before the August recess, the Senate was not allowed to take greater steps to address the serious judicial vacancies crisis on Federal courts around the country. As we resume consideration of pending judicial nominations, there are 20 nominees fully considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee and ready for final Senate action. Of those, 16 were approved by the Judiciary Committee unanimously, without a single Republican or Democratic Senator in opposition.  The nomination of Judge Bernice Donald of Tennessee is one such nomination. This is a nomination that has been waiting for Senate consideration, despite the support of her Republican home State Senators, since May 9. Nearly 4 months ago, the Judiciary Committee favorably reported her nomination without opposition. This is reminiscent of the nomination of Jane Stranch of Tennessee. She, too, had the support of her Republican home State Senators, but her confirmation was nonetheless stalled--inexplicably--by Senate Republicans. Judge Stranch was finally confirmed in September 2010, after an extended and unnecessary 10-month delay. These Tennessee nominations were the subject of a column by Professor Carl Tobias in early August, which I inserted in the Record on August 2. I, too, had hoped the Senate would be allowed to vote on this nomination last month. I am glad that we finally have agreement for a vote tonight.  At this point in the Presidency of George W. Bush, 144 Federal circuit and district court judges had been confirmed. On September 6 of the third year of President Clinton's administration, 162 Federal circuit and district court judges had been confirmed. By comparison, although there are 20 judicial nominees stalled and awaiting final consideration by the Senate--many of them stalled since May and June--even after the confirmation of Judge Donald, the total confirmations of Federal circuit and district court judges confirmed during the first 3 years of the Obama administration will only be 96.  In the 17 months I chaired the Judiciary Committee during President Bush's first term, the Senate confirmed 100 Federal circuit and district judges. By contrast, President Obama is approaching his 32nd month in office and we have yet to reach that total. The Senate has a long way to go before the end of next year to match the 205 confirmations of President Bush's judicial nominees during his first term.  To understand the strain on the Federal judiciary and the American people, it is important to note another set of comparisons. The number of judicial vacancies was reduced during the first years of the Bush and Clinton administration. The vacancies in early September in the third year of the Bush administration had been reduced to 54. The vacancies in early September inthe third year of the Clinton administration had been reduced to 55. By contrast, the judicial vacancies now in September of the third year of the Obama administration stand at 93. As the Congressional Research Service confirmed in a recent report, this is a historically high level of vacancies and this is now the longest period of historically high vacancy rates on the Federal judiciary in the last 35 years.  Even though Federal judicial vacancies have remained near or above 90 for more than 2 years, the Senate's Republican leadership continues to delay votes on many qualified, consensus nominations. After tonight, there will remain 15 unanimously reported nominees stalled on the calendar. This is not the way to make real progress. In the past, we were able to confirm consensus nominees more promptly, often within days of being reported to the full Senate. They were not forced to languish for months. The American people should not have to wait more weeks and months for the Senate to fulfill its constitutional duty and ensure the ability of our Federal courts to provide justice to Americans around the country.  It is not accurate to pretend that real progress is being made in these circumstances. Vacancies are being kept high, consensus nominees are being delayed, and it is the American people and the Federal courts that are being made to suffer. This is another area in which we must come together for the American people. There is no reason Senators cannot join together to finally bring down the excessive number of vacancies that have persisted on Federal courts throughout the Nation for far too long.  At a time when judicial vacancies remain near or above 90, these needless delays perpetuate the judicial vacancies crisis that Chief Justice Roberts wrote of last December and that the President, the Attorney General, bar associations, and chief judges around the country have urged us to join together to end. The Senate can and should be doing a better job working to ensure the ability of our Federal courts to provide justice to Americans across the country.  We were able to lower vacancies dramatically during President Bush's years in office, cutting them in half during his first term. The Senate has reversed course during the Obama administration, and with Republican objections slowing the pace of confirmations, judicial vacancies have been at crisis levels for over 2 years. As a recent report by the Constitutional Accountability Center noted, ``Never before has the number of vacancies risen so sharply and remained so high for so long during a President's term.'' I ask unanimous consent that an August 5 letter to the editor of the Washington Post from Wade Henderson, entitled ``Remiss in confirming judges,'' and an August 4 article in Politico from Andrew Blotky and Doug Kendall entitled ``It's Senate's duty to confirm judges,'' be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  