President, today, the Senate will pass the Food Safety Accountability Act, an important bill to hold criminals who poison our food supply accountable for their crimes. I would like to thank Senators Klobuchar, Franken, Durbin, Feinstein, Kohl, and Blumenthal for their support. Senators Hatch, Sessions, Coburn, and Grassley had concerns about the breadth of the bill, and we were able to work together to address those concerns. The bill received unanimous, bipartisan support when it was reported out of the Judiciary Committee, and I am pleased that it has now received similar support from the Senate. I urge the House to quickly take up the Senate bill and join us in taking this important step toward protecting our food supply.  The Food Safety Accountability Act increases the sentences that prosecutors can seek for people who violate our food safety laws in those cases where there is conscious or reckless disregard of a risk of death or serious bodily injury. Last summer, a salmonella outbreak caused hundreds of people to fall ill and triggered a national egg recall. The cause of the outbreak is still under investigation, but salmonella poisoning is all too common and sometimes results from inexcusable knowing conduct like that carefully targeted by the Food Safety Accountability Act.  In the last Congress, a mother from Vermont, Gabrielle Meunier, testified before the Senate Agriculture Committee about her 7-year-old son, Christopher, who became severely ill and was hospitalized for 6 days after he developed salmonella poisoning from peanut crackers 2 years ago. Thankfully, Christopher recovered, but Mrs. Meunier's story highlighted improvements that are needed in our food safety system. No parent should have to go through what Mrs. Meunier experienced. The American people should be confident that the food they buy for their families is safe.  Current statutes do not provide sufficient criminal sanctions for those who knowingly violate our food safety laws. Knowingly distributing adulterated food is already illegal, but it is merely a misdemeanor right now, and the Sentencing Commission has found that it generally does not result in jail time. The fines and recalls that usually result from criminal violations under current law fall short in protecting the public from harmful products. Too often, those who are willing to endanger our children in pursuit of profits view such fines or recalls as merely the cost of doing business.  The company responsible for the eggs at the root of the last summer's salmonella crisis has a long history of environmental, immigration, labor, and food safety violations. It is clear that fines are not enough to protect the public and effectively deter this unacceptable conduct. We need to make sure that those who knowingly poison the food supply will go to jail. This bill will help to do that. This bill significantly increases the chances that those who commit food safety crimes will face jail time, rather than a slap on the wrist, for their criminal conduct.  Food safety received considerable attention last year, and I was pleased that Congress finally passed comprehensive food safety reforms. But our work is not done. On behalf of the hundreds of individuals sickened by recent salmonella outbreaks, I urge the House to quickly pass the Food Safety Accountability Act and join the Senate in continuing to improve our food safety system.  