Halligan were also some of the same people who successfully opposed an effort in the Congress to actually protect police officers a few years ago. So I want to put the opposition in context. It is probably why so many law enforcement groups support Ms. Halligan, because she stood up for law enforcement, unlike some of the groups we have heard about who oppose her, who sought to make the life of police officers more dangerous.  Be that as it may, the Senate stands at a crossroads today. Voting to end the partisan filibuster of this judicial nomination is as important as it was when the Senate did so in connection with the nomination of Judge McConnell to the United States District Court of Rhode Island earlier this year. If we allow the partisan filibuster to go forward, then the Senate will be setting a new standard that no nominee can meet if they wish to be confirmed to the DC Circuit.  Republican Senators who just a few years ago argued that filibusters against judicial nominees were unconstitutional and said that they would never support such a filibuster, and those who care about the judiciary in the Senate, need to step forward and do the right thing. You cannot say that filibusters against judicial nominees are unconstitutional when you have a Republican President but suddenly support a filibuster when you have a Democratic President. This goes even beyond the standards that have driven the approval rating of Congress to an all-time low for hypocrisy. We ought to end the filibuster now and proceed to vote on this extraordinarily well-qualified nominee.  Ms. Halligan, nominated to fill one of three vacant seats on the important DC Circuit, is a highly regarded appellate advocate. She has the kind of impeccable credentials in both public service and private practice that have been looked for in the past by both Democratic and Republican Presidents. Her nomination reminds me of John Roberts, when he was confirmed by every single Democrat and every single Republican to the DC Circuit in 2003. I certainly did not agree with every position he had taken or argument he had made as a high-level lawyer in several Republican administrations, but I supported his nomination to the DC Circuit, as I did to the Supreme Court, because of his legal excellence and ability.  It is frustrating to have Senators tell me privately they know Ms. Halligan is just as qualified as John Roberts was, but this lobby and that lobby are against her. Lobbyists come and go. 