President, I note the Senate observed a moment of silence for John Gibson and Jacob Chestnut, who were killed in the Capitol in 1998 on July 24. Both were excellent police officers--one uniformed, one plain clothes--in the protective division. My wife and I knew both John Gibson and Jacob Chestnut, and we were at both of their memorial services. Both were fine officers, and I am glad we had a moment of silence.  We sometimes forget that we have a lot of very good police officers, both in the uniform division and the plain clothes division, in this Capitol. They are here to protect us at all times of day or night, no matter what the weather or what the circumstances. It is something we should keep in mind. We often can go home when the session ends, but they are here to make sure everything is still safe. So we owe all of them a debt of gratitude, and I hope all of them will remain safe. It is a tragedy that Officers Gibson and Chestnut were not able to remain safe but died protecting the Capitol.  Today, the Senate is finally going to vote on two judicial nominations reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee in early April.  Let me put that into perspective. Way back when snow was still falling in my State, every single Republican and every single Democrat voted for these two nominees. In past years they would have been confirmed probably in a voice vote that same week in a wrap-up session. For some reason, my friends on the other side think it should be different with a Democratic President than it was for a Republican President, or for that matter, all past Presidents.  Despite the support of every Democrat and every Republican on the Judiciary Committee, the nominations of Paul Engelmayer to fill a judicial emergency vacancy in the Southern District of New York, and Ramona Manglona to fill a 10-year term in the District Court for the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, have been stalled for 3\1/2\ months on the Senate's Executive Calendar. These are the kinds of qualified, consensus judicial nominations that in past years--whether under President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, or either of the President Bushes--would have been confirmed promptly rather than being forced to languish for months because of Republican refusal to consent to debate and vote on nominations.  At a time when judicial vacancies remain above 90 throughout this country, these needless delays perpetuate the judicial vacancy crisis that Chief Justice Roberts, a Republican appointee, wrote of last December and that the President, the Attorney General, bar associations and chief judges around the country have urged us to join together to end. Imagine the example we set to litigants by saying: ``Well, we can't hear your litigation, no matter how important it is. You are going to have to wait year after year after year because we don't have a judge. We can't get one confirmed.'' The Senate can do a better job working to ensure the ability of our Federal courts to provide justice to our fellow Americans around the country.  Recently, Chief Judge Moreno of the Southern District of Florida wrote to the Senate leaders urging that they expedite action on two nominations to fill judicial emergency vacancies in that district. Both Kathleen Williams and Robert Scola are among the many judicial nominees who were reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, yet both are being delayed for no good reason.  Chief Judge Moreno writes:       [T]he judicial shortage with three vacancies in our      district is becoming acute. For this reason, I ask your      assistance in expediting both confirmations. The Judiciary      Committee has found the nominees qualified and the people of      South Florida eagerly await their service.  Both of these nominees have the support of their home State Senators--Senator Nelson, a Democrat, and Senator Rubio, a Republican. The two Senators have set aside partisan actions, and the Senate Judiciary Committee has set aside partisan actions by voting for the nominees unanimously. Why should they be held up because of partisan actions on this floor?  Kathleen Williams and Robert Scola are among the 27 judicial nominees reviewed by the Judiciary Committee and reported favorably to the Senate for final action who are being stalled. I am glad that we are finally being allowed to consider the 2 nominees who will be confirmed today, but they have been waiting since early April. This is not traditional, and there are still 25 who languish.  This is not how the Senate has acted in years past with other Presidents' judicial nominees. It is not accurate to pretend that real progress is being made in these circumstances. After we have these two votes, we will still have 25 nominees sitting on the calendar who could be disposed of within an hour, yet they are blocked week after week after week. That is not progress. We may be making progress in the committee, but if the nominees are blocked on the floor, it is not progress. Vacancies are being kept high, consensus nominees are being delayed, and it is the American people--Republicans, Democrats, and Independents alike--that are being made to suffer.  This is another area in which we must come together for the American people. Let us do something for the American people, and not just for our political parties. There is no reason Senators cannot join together to finally bring down the excessive number of vacancies that have persisted in our Federal courts throughout the Nation for far too long. It is not a Republican or Democratic issue, it is an American issue.  Between now and the August recess the Senate should consider all of the judicial nominees ready for a final vote, including those desperately needed in southern Florida backed by Senator Nelson and Senator Rubio.  I expect the two nominations we are going to consider today will be confirmed overwhelmingly. They are examples of the almost two dozen consensus nominees who are being stalled for no good reason. Mr. Engelmayer is a nominee with unassailable credentials. After receiving his undergraduate and law school degrees with honors from Harvard Law School, Mr. Engelmayer served as a law clerk to Judge Patricia Wald of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia and then to Justice Thurgood Marshall on the Supreme Court. He worked as a Federal prosecutor in the Southern District of New York for 9 years, where he climbed the ranks from a young lawyer to become Chief of the Major Crimes Unit. Mr. Engelmayer served for 2 years as an Assistant Solicitor General for the United States. Since 2000, he has been a partner in the law firm WilmerHale, where he practices civil and criminal litigation and regularly dedicates himself to pro bono work. The ABA'sStanding Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated him well qualified to serve, its highest rating. He is supported by his home state Senators.  Ramona Villagomez Manglona is currently an Associate Judge on the Superior Court for the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), having previously served as a Justice Pro Tempore on the Guam Supreme Court and a Judge Pro Tempore on the Guam Superior Court. From 1998 to 2003, she worked in the CNMI Office of the Attorney General is several capacities, including a term as Attorney General. Born in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, Judge Manglona earned her B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley and her J.D. from the University of New Mexico. When confirmed, Judge Manglona will be the first indigenous person to serve as a U.S. District Court Judge in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. Her confirmation should also save money and help ease the burden on judges who have had to travel to the Pacific from the mainland to provide judicial resources.  I, again, thank Senator Grassley for his cooperation in working with me to make progress in the committee concerning judicial nominations in regular order. We have made progress in the committee, but it goes for naught if we cannot get nominees confirmed on the floor. Our work in the committee has not been matched in the Senate, where agreements to debate and vote on judicial nominations are too few and too far between. These are only the sixth and seventh nominations the Senate has considered in the last 2 months, at a time when vacancies have remained at or above 90, and despite the many consensus nominees that have been voted on in a bipartisan fashion by the committee and are now waiting for a vote on the Senate floor.  These will be only the 13th and 14th nominees confirmed this year who had their hearings this year. The other confirmations were all from the group considered by the Judiciary Committee last year, but were renominated after having had their confirmations delayed unnecessarily last year. Ignoring the words of the Chief Justice and others concerned with the continuing high number of judicial vacancies, Senate Republicans have continued the pattern and practice of delay for virtually all judicial nominees.  In addition to the 2 nominations we consider today, there are currently 25 judicial nominations that have been fully considered by the Judiciary Committee and sent to the Senate for final action. Of them, 20 were unanimously reported, by Republicans and Democrats, without a single negative vote. At the very least, we ought to take up those 20. The two nominations we consider today were reported in April. There remain 13 judicial nominations on the calendar reported favorably by the committee way back in May or earlier, 11 of which were reported unanimously. When I urged the Senate to take up and vote on the many judicial nominations that were on the calendar and ready for action before the Memorial Day recess, Republican Senators would not agree to consider a single one. With almost a score of judicial nominees available to the Senate for final action, only one was considered before the July 4 recess. That is not the way to make real progress.  Regrettably, the Senate has not reduced vacancies as dramatically as we did during the Bush administration. Federal judicial vacancies around the country still number too many, and they have persisted for far too long. Whereas the Democratic majority in the Senate reduced vacancies from 110 to 60 in President Bush's first two years, Senate Republicans' insistence on objections and delays have resulted in judicial vacancies still numbering more than 90 two and a half years into President Obama's term. By now, judicial vacancies should have been reduced to similar levels, but we have barely kept up with attrition.  In fact, the Senate has reversed course during the Obama administration given Republican objections, and the slow pace of confirmations are keeping judicial vacancies at crisis levels. Over the eight years of the Bush administration, from 2001 to 2009, we reduced judicial vacancies from 110 to a low of 34. That has now been reversed, with vacancies staying near or above 90 for the last two years. The vacancy rate--which we reduced from 10 percent to 6 percent by this date in President Bush's third year, and ultimately to less than 4 percent in 2008--is back above 10 percent.  By this time in the third year of the Bush administration, the Senate had confirmed 136 judges. That is over 40 percent more than the number of President Obama's nominees we have been allowed to process to confirmation. We have a long way to go to do as well as we did during President Bush's first term, when we confirmed 205 of his judicial nominations. The Senate confirmed 100 of those judicial nominations during the 17 months I was Chairman during President Bush's first 2 years in office. In the other 31 months, Republicans were able to do another 105. So again, we demonstrated we are ready to work faster with President Bush than even his Republican Senators were--and we certainly worked a lot faster than we have been able to work now. President Obama is now in his 30th month in office and we have only been allowed to consider and confirm 91 of his Federal Circuit and District Court nominees. Compare that to the 100 I did in 17 months for President Bush.  The delays continue, despite the needs of the Federal judiciary, as evidenced by Chief Judge Moreno's recent letter, which I ask unanimous consent to be made part of the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  