President, today the Senate will finally consider a judicial nomination I have been talking about since last year. Judge Boasberg is one of four nominees to the vacancies that have plagued the district court for the District of Columbia, this Nation's Capital for some time. This is another of the nominations that could--and in my view should--have been considered and confirmed last year. Instead, it was unnecessarily returned to the President without final Senate action despite the nominee's qualifications and the needs of the American people to have judges available to hear cases in the Federal courts. The President has had to renominate Judge Boasberg, the Senate Judiciary Committee has had to reconsider him and now, finally, the Senate is being allowed to consider him.  I suspect the Senate will now confirm him unanimously or nearly so. Judge Boasberg has outstanding credentials. He was appointed to be a judge in DC by President George W. Bush in 2002. He has a wealth of experience, having presided over approximately 500 cases. He is a former assistant U.S. attorney, and received the highest peer review rating of well qualified from the Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary of the American Bar Association.  Yet as we proceed with this nomination, Senate Republicans have objected to proceeding to the nomination of Amy Jackson. Both Judge Boasberg and Ms. Jackson were reported without opposition by the Judiciary Committee last year and, again, earlier this year. I have spoken about the vacancies in the District of Columbia on numerous occasions, including as recently as last week. I noted the criticism from ChiefJudge Lamberth of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. Chief Judge Lamberth wrote to Senate leaders last November urging action by the Senate to fill the vacancies that exist on the district court for the District of Columbia. We could and should have acted on both these nominations last year in response to that request. They were reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee last year. These two judicial nominees to fill longstanding vacancies have been waiting too long for final consideration by the Senate.  While I am glad we are ending the wait for Judge Boasberg, the refusal to proceed on the Jackson nomination is just another example of the needless delays on considering outstanding nominees. Ms. Jackson is a former assistant U.S. attorney with outstanding credentials and experience. She, too, received the Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary of the American Bar Association's highest peer review rating of well qualified. Representative Norton has called her one of the top practitioners in one of the District's top law firms, and has strongly endorsed her nomination.  In addition to Judge Boasberg, there are still 10 judicial nominees left waiting for Senate consideration having been reviewed by the Judiciary Committee: nominees to fill two judicial emergency vacancies in New York, a judicial emergency vacancy on the Second Circuit, a judicial emergency vacancy in California and vacancies on the Federal and DC Circuit, a vacancy in Oregon, and two vacancies in Virginia. They should be debated and confirmed without delay as well. I urge the Senate leadership to proceed to debate and vote on them before the upcoming recess. We should be working to clear the calendar before the recess and not unnecessarily extend these vacancies. That is what a return to regular order entails.  The Judiciary Committee is holding hearings every 2 weeks and we hope finally to begin to bend the curve and start to lower judicial vacancies across the country.We can do that if the Senate continues to consider judicial nominations in regular order as they are reported by the Judiciary Committee.  Federal judicial vacancies around the country still number too many, and they have persisted for too long. That is why Chief Justice Roberts, Attorney General Holder, White House Counsel Bob Bauer and many others--including the President of the United States--have spoken out and urged the Senate to act.  Nearly one out of every nine Federal judgeships remains vacant. This puts at serious risk the ability of all Americans to have a fair hearing in court. The real price being paid for these unnecessary delays is that the judges that remain are overburdened and the American people who depend on them are being denied hearings and justice in a timely fashion. When Chief Judge Lamberth wrote to Senator Reid and Senator McConnell last November, he noted that Senate action to fill the vacancies in DC was needed so that ``the citizens of the District of Columbia and the Federal Government and other litigants'' who rely on the Court could receive ``the high quality of justice they deserve.'' The Chief Judge wrote about the ``severe impact'' these judicial vacancies were having and observed that the ``challenging caseload'' of the court ``includes many involving national security issues, as well as other issues of national significance.''  I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the Chief Judge's letter be printed in the record at the end of my statement.  I also ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record at the end of my statement recent articles from the Palm Beach Post and the Associated Press about the delays in judicial confirmation and some additional examples of difficulties being caused. The Florida paper reports on the crisis in south Florida and the watch list for Federal courts with high caseloads and high vacancies. The Associated Press report is on the situation in Rhode Island where dozens of cases have had to be reassigned to judges in New Hampshire and Massachusetts because the Senate continues to delay consideration of the nomination of Jack McConnell.  