President, today the Senate will vote on the sixth continuing resolution of the fiscal year. While this is not a record for Congress, it is certainly a number far higher than is appropriate for responsibly funding the government. I want to take a minute to explain how we got to this point.  Last December the Senate Appropriations Committee prepared an omnibus spending bill to fund the government for fiscal year 2011. The omnibus was not a perfect bill, but it was based on hundreds of hours of hearings, committee meetings and bipartisan negotiations. Members of both parties had input into the process and content of the bill. So it was perplexing that in the waning hours of the 111th Congress our friends on the other side of the aisle walked away from this bill. Because any action in the Senate is now subject to the approval of a supermajority we were unable to pass the omnibus and instead passed a continuing resolution to fund the government through the beginning of March.  I fully understand concerns about using an omnibus as a method for budgeting; it is far from a perfect mechanism. But the alternative is to operate the way we have for the last 6 months, stringing along stop-gap measures that undermine Federal programs and agencies. The impact of uncertain budgeting is felt at the State and local levels as well. I hear on a daily basis from Vermonters about Head Start programs that are considering layoffs, college students concerned whether they will have to take out more loans if Pell grants are cut, and hundreds of others worried about the future of home heating, housing and basic safety net programs for many who are struggling mightily right now.  It is critical that rather than muddling along with more short-term continuing resolutions that we pass a responsible budget plan for the remainder of the year. The current 3-week CR under consideration is an example of how this process does not serve us well. Halfway through the fiscal year we are debating significant cuts to infrastructure funding like Save America's Treasures, the Public Television Facilities Program and to efforts that provide basic services such as rural housing assistance to Vermonters.  I am extremely disappointed with the elimination of the Save America's Treasures program. It has preserved hundreds of historic landmarks throughout the country, a number of which are iconic Vermont structures, valuable parts of my State's identity. Another cut that is disappointing is the elimination of funding in fiscal year 2011 for the International Fund for Ireland. It is an unfortunate twist that on St. Patrick's Day, Congress is poised to pull the plug on this program of assistance for the most economically depressed communities of Northern Ireland.  These are not abstract cuts. The elimination and reduction of this funding will have a measurable and negative impact on job creation and the daily lives of Americans. While I believe these cuts are misguided, I will reluctantly support the continuing resolution. I do not make this decision lightly or with any enthusiasm. Unfortunately this bill is the only option available to keep the government running and prevent a shutdown. A shutdown would cause severe hardship for countless people, and the President and Congress must use this time to find an acceptable compromise to fund the government through the remainder of the year.  