President, today the Senate will vote on the nomination of Cathy Bissoon to the Western District of Pennsylvania, one of 27 judicial nominations reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee and on the Senate's Executive Calendar awaiting a vote. Like 24 of those 27 nominations, the nomination of Judge Bissoon was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, with every Republican and every Democrat voting in support. Judge Bissoon is supported by both of her home State Senators, Senator Casey, a Democrat, and Senator Toomey, a Republican. I am glad we are finally able to vote on this nomination nearly 3 months after it was reported. I have heard no reason or explanation from the Republican leadership for this delayed action.  There is no good reason or explanation for the Republican leadership's refusal to vote on the other two dozen consensus nominees stalled before the Senate, while a judicial vacancies crisis continues to affect the Federal courts and hurt the American people. These are all nominations that have gone through an extensive process. They were considered by the White House and vetted before the President nominated them. The White House has worked with the home State Senators, Republicans and Democrats, and each is supported by both home State Senators. The FBI has conducted a thorough background review. The ABA's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has conducted a peer review of their professional qualifications. The Judiciary Committee has held a hearing on each nominee, and each has responded to extensive questioning. When they are then reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, there is no reason for months and months of further delay before they can start serving the American people.  With Republican agreement, we could vote not just on one district court nomination, but on all 27 of the nominations reported by the Committee. I trust that the Senate will be allowed to confirm additional judicial nominations this week, before the upcoming recess, so that we can begin to build on the agreement by the Senate leadership in September to finally have votes on long stalled judicial nominees. Votes on 4 to 6 nominations are what is required every week throughout the rest of this year if we are to bring down a judicial vacancy rate that remains at nearly 11 percent, with 90 vacancies on Federal courts around the country.  Senator Grassley and I have worked together to ensure that each of the 27 nominations on the Senate calendar was fully considered by the Judiciary Committee after a thorough but fair process. We have worked hard to ensure that the Committee continues to makes progress on nominations. Our cooperation and work on the Committee makes the continuing extensive and unexplained delays in the Senate's consideration of judicial nominations even harder to understand.  These delays are damaging to the Federal courts and the American people who depend on them. A recent report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service found that we are in the longest period of historically high vacancy rates in the last 35 years. The number of judicial vacancies has been at or above 90 for well over 2 years. We must bring an end to these needless delays in the Senate so that our Federal courts can better serve the American people.  More than half of all Americans--almost 170 million--live in districts or circuits that have a judicial vacancy that could be filled today if the Senate Republicans just agreed to vote on the nominations now pending on the Senate calendar. As many as 25 States are served by Federal courts with vacancies that would be filled by these nominations. Millions of Americans across the country are harmed by delays in overburdened courts. The Republican leadership should apologize to the American people or at least explain why they will not consent to vote on the qualified, consensus candidates nominated to fill these extended judicial vacancies.  In recent letters to the Senate Majority Leader and Republican leader, ABA President Bill Robinson highlighted the problems created by these excessive vacancies on the Federal courts, writing:       Filling existing vacancies on the federal bench has become      a matter of increasing urgency. Across the nation, federal      courts with high caseloads and longstanding or multiple      vacancies have no choice but to delay or temporarily suspend      their civil dockets due to Speedy Trial Act requirements.      This deprives our federal courts of the capacity to deliver      timely justice in civil matters and has real consequences for      the financial well-being of businesses and for individual      litigants whose lives are put on hold pending resolution of      their disputes.       Nothing less than a sustained, concerted, and cooperative      effort will be sufficient to make discernible progress in      reducing the longstanding and dangerously high vacancy rate      on the federal courts. And, as important, nothing less will      assure litigants--businesses and aggrieved individuals      alike--that our federal courts have sufficient judges to hear      their cases in a timely and thorough fashion.  I ask unanimous consent that copies of Mr. Robinson's October 13 letters to the Senate leaders be included at the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  The Presiding OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.  (See exhibit 1.)  