President, the majority leader has been required to file cloture in this extraordinary case in an attempt to overcome a Republican filibuster on the nomination of Jim Cole to be Deputy Attorney General. This is a key national security position and the No. 2 position at the Department of Justice. Certainly, with what has happened in the past week or so, it is important for this President or any President to have a full national security team.  I thought back, and I could not remember a time in my 37 years here where the Senate has filibustered a President's nomination to be Deputy Attorney General. I asked Senate Judiciary Committee staff to check that and they found that the Senate has never filibustered a President's nomination to be Deputy Attorney General. In fact, during the time I was chairman of the committee, we quickly moved on President Bush's Deputy Attorneys General, even on those who would not have been my choice. We knew it was a national security position and it is important at a time when we face the threats we do here and abroad that we have that position filled. In fact, I thought it would be unconscionable, whether it was President Bush, President Reagan or any other President, to stall a Deputy Attorney General.  Mr. Cole's nomination to fill this critical national security position was blocked last year, when it was pending on the Senate's Executive Calendar for 155 days after it was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee. The nomination was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee again in March, and incredibly, it is again being filibustered. People have asked me how this could be happening. It is hard to believe that one week after the successful operation that killed Osama bin Laden, the world's number one terrorist, we cannot take this step to ensure that President Obama has his full national security team in place. It is similar to ``Alice in Wonderland.''  Now that a measure of justice has been secured for the victims of September 11, I have expressed hope that we could come together, as we did in the weeks and months following September 11. We should be ensuring that we are extra vigilant these days. There are widespread reports that experts are concerned about this being a time in which al-Qaida will seek reprisals. Most Americans believe we should be concerned about them trying to strike back. This is not a time for further delay or obstruction. Let us join together and confirm this qualified nominee. We also ought to show the rest of the world that no matter what our political labels might be, we believe in the President of the United States having his national security team in place.  This weekend, the Washington Post editorial board called this delay ``ridiculous,'' referring to the Deputy Attorney General as ``essentially the chief operating officer of the Justice Department, including its national security operations.'' This delay is ridiculous and dangerous to every single American. I hope other Senators will see it as such and help end it.  We have the opportunity to set aside partisanship and join with our President to keep America safe. I recall in the aftermath of 9/11 we took immediate steps--Republicans and Democrats together--to do what we could to make sure the President's entire law enforcement team was in place.  We expedited the nominations of 14 U.S. attorneys that had been received in the Senate only 1 week before, reporting them from the Judiciary Committee on September 13 and confirming them by voice vote the very next day. Those nominations included the nomination of Paul McNulty to the Eastern District of Virginia, one of the key districts where terrorism defendants like Zacarias Moussaoui, one of the conspirators in the 9/11 attacks, are tried. We continued to expedite nominations in the weeks and months that followed, confirming an additional 58 officials to posts at the Justice Department in those weeks and before the end of 2001.  Republican Senators helped a Republican President to get his security team in place to protect the Nation, but now are not going to help a Democratic President to get his security team in place. It is the same Nation and the security threats are the same against Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents. We ought to come together as Americans first on this important issue.  Last week at the Judiciary Committee's oversight hearing on the Department of Justice, the Attorney General of the United States reiterated the need for final Senate action on the nomination of the Deputy Attorney General. He urged the Senate to confirm Jim Cole to help the Department fulfill all of its critical tasks, including protecting national security, in a time of heightened concern about retaliatory attacks stemming from Osama bin Laden's death. Yet, rather than take action to end the unnecessary and unexplained delays and finally confirm the nomination of Jim Cole, the unprecedented Republican filibuster continues. This is wrong. It should end.  I hope that Senators on the other side of the aisle will listen to former Deputy Attorneys General of the United States who served in both Republican and Democratic administrations. Last December, they wrote to the leaders of the Senate and urged the Senate to consider Mr. Cole's nomination without delay. These former officials who served with distinction in that post wrote that the Deputy is ``the chief operating officer of the Department of Justice, supervising its day-to-day operations'' and that ``the Deputy is also a key member of the president's national security team, a function that has grown in importance and complexity in the years since the terror attacks of September 11.'' They were right and their advice rings true today.  As the former Deputies, 3 of whom served under President George W. Bush, noted in their letter, ``Because of the responsibilities of the position of Deputy Attorney General, votes on nomination for this position usually proceed quickly.'' I wish the Senate had heeded their advice and voted to confirm Mr. Cole last year. Now another 5 months have passed.  When we first reported Jim Cole's nomination last July, I said that I hoped the Senate would treat his nomination to this critical national security and law enforcement position with the same urgency and seriousness with which we treated all four of the DeputyAttorneys General who served under President Bush. All four were confirmed by the Senate by voice vote an average of 21 days after they were reported by the Judiciary Committee. In fact, we confirmed President Bush's first nomination to be Deputy Attorney General the day it was reported by the committee. That is not the treatment that Deputy Attorney General Cole has received.  The Senate's treatment of the Cole nomination represents a sharp break from the Senate's longstanding practice of deference to the administration and timely consideration of critical national and law enforcement nominations. In their letter last December, the 8 former Deputy Attorneys General noted that, of the 11 nominations to fill this position over the last 20 years from Democratic and Republican Presidents, ``none remained pending for longer than 32 days.'' I remember some of President Bush's nominations to this position remained pending even less than that.  Jim Cole's nomination has been pending on the floor for 222 days combined, nearly seven times longer than any nominee in the last 20 years. In fact, dating back to 1981, 15 of the 16 Deputy Attorney General nominations pending on the Executive Calendar were confirmed unanimously, the only exception being President Obama's first Deputy Attorney General nomination, of David Ogden, which was confirmed 65-28 after cloture was filed and a time agreement was reached. All of the nominees of Presidents Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Clinton and George Bush were confirmed unanimously by the Senate, in an average of less than 2 weeks.  Last December, after the nomination had already been delayed for over 4 months without explanation, I came to the floor and asked unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority and minority leaders, the Senate consent to a time agreement for a debate and a vote on the Cole nomination. I asked that Senators have the courage to step forward, not hide behind the filibuster, and to either vote yes or no on this critical national security position. Republicans objected to that request in December and have still, 5 months later, refused to agree to a time to debate and vote on the nomination. It is time finally for the Senate to vote. The American people expect us to vote. The security of this country is threatened.  Jim Cole's nomination was pending last year for 5 months while Republican Senators objected time and time again to calling it up for a vote. I believe that Mr. Cole would have been confirmed by the Senate had his nomination been given an up-or-down vote. I believe he should be confirmed. As it was, after the Senate did not take final action on the nomination, President Obama exercised his authority after the Senate had recessed for the year to appoint him in order to make sure this critical national security and law enforcement post was filled. The President promptly renominated him when Congress returned this year. Recess appointments have not prevented Republican Senators from voting to confirm nominations by Republican Presidents. Given the history of obstruction of this nomination, it is time for the Senate to vote.  This is not a nomination that should have been controversial. It is a nomination supported by former Republican Senator Jack Danforth, who worked with Jim Cole for more than 15 years. When he introduced Mr. Cole at his confirmation hearing, Senator Danforth described Mr. Cole as someone without an ideological or political agenda. He also wrote to the committee that ``Jim is a `lawyer's lawyer.' He is exceedingly knowledgeable, especially on matters relating to legal and business ethics, public integrity and compliance with government regulations. He is highly regarded [] as a skillful litigator. As his resume demonstrates, he has a long and deep experience in the Department of Justice.'' I agree.  Jim Cole served as a career prosecutor at the Justice Department for a dozen years and has a well-deserved reputation for fairness, integrity and toughness. He has demonstrated that he understands the issues of crime and national security that are at the center of the Deputy Attorney General's job. Nothing suggests that he will be anything other than a steadfast defender of America's safety.  We have received numerous letters of support for the nomination of Jim Cole to be Deputy Attorney General, including letters from many former Republican public officials. I ask unanimous consent that these three letters be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  