Two of these positions have national security responsibilities. I have been here since the Ford administration, and I cannot recall a time when the Justice Department and the country were deprived of such critical appointees. Whether we had a Republican or Democratic President, we always quickly filled these kinds of national security positions. So it is hard to understand why we have not been able to vote on nominees for positions with significant national security responsibilities such as the Deputy Attorney General and the Assistant Attorney General for the NationalSecurity Division--especially when we are 2\1/2\ months away from the 10th anniversary of September 11.  The nominations of Jim Cole to be Deputy Attorney General, Lisa Monaco to be Assistant Attorney General for National Security, and Virginia Seitz to be Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel have been blocked for months by Republican obstruction over matters not related to the qualifications of the nominees and in abject disregard of the needs of the Justice Department and the country. So I am glad that today we are finally going to vote and, I trust, confirm these superbly qualified nominees.  The unprecedented filibuster of the nomination of the Deputy Attorney General has been especially egregious. The Deputy Attorney General is the No. 2 position at the Justice Department, and it is a position with key national security responsibilities. Despite significant bipartisan support and unquestionable qualifications, Jim Cole's nomination has been blocked for nearly a year. He was reported favorably by the Senate Judiciary Committee in July of last year--11 months ago--but the Republicans prevented a vote. He was renominated and reported favorably a second time in the middle of March, but Republicans stalled and filibustered consideration of the nomination last month. During my time in the Senate, I have seen the nominations of many Deputy Attorneys General. Every time they have been voted on favorably by the Senate Judiciary Committee--whether under Republican or Democratic control--their nomination has been voted on within a matter of days on the Senate floor. This is the first time in the Nation's history that a President's nominee to serve as Deputy Attorney General was filibustered, and it was wrong.  Jim Cole's nomination should not have been controversial. It is a nomination supported by former Republican Senator Jack Danforth, who was nominated by President Bush to be our Ambassador to the United Nations. Senator Danforth worked with Jim Cole for more than 15 years. When he introduced him at his confirmation hearing, Senator Danforth described Mr. Cole as someone without an ideological or political agenda. He also wrote to the committee:       Jim is a ``lawyer's lawyer.'' He is exceedingly      knowledgeable, especially on matters relating to legal and      business ethics, public integrity and compliance with      government regulations. He is highly regarded . . . as a      skillful litigator. As his resume demonstrates, he has long      and deep experience in the Department of Justice.  I agree. Jim Cole served as a career prosecutor at the Justice Department for a dozen years and has a well-deserved reputation for fairness, integrity and toughness. He has demonstrated that he understands the issues of crime and national security that are at the center of the Deputy Attorney General's job. Nothing suggests that he is anything other than a steadfast defender of American safety.  We have received numerous letters of support for Mr. Cole's nomination, including letters from many former Republican public officials. I put several of those letters in the Record last month. The Senate should have heeded those recommendations as well as the advice of former Deputy Attorneys General of the United States who served in both Republican and Democratic administrations. They wrote to us last December to urge the Senate to consider Mr. Cole's nomination without delay--last December--pointing out that the Deputy Attorney General is ``the chief operating officer of the Department of Justice, supervising its day-to-day operations'' and that ``the Deputy is also a key member of the president's national security team, a function that has grown in importance and complexity in the years since the terror attacks of September 11.'' They were right. The Senate was wrong to filibuster this nomination. The Senate has the opportunity today to finally confirm this good man and public servant. I trust this institution will take that opportunity.  Incredibly, the nomination of the Deputy Attorney General was subjected to a partisan filibuster for over three more months while the country faces concerns about terrorism in the aftermath of the President's successful operation against al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden. It is hard for me to understand how, at a time when experts are concerned that al-Qaida will seek reprisals, some in the Senate have delayed action to ensure that President Obama has his full national security team in place. No matter who is President, we should want that President to have their national security team in place for the good of all Americans.  In the aftermath of 9/11, Senate Democrats expedited law enforcement and national security nominations, confirming an additional 58 officials to posts at the Justice Department before the end of 2001. The Senate should have done the same with the nomination of Jim Cole. Senate Republicans should have treated Mr. Cole's nomination with the same urgency and seriousness with which Senate Democrats treated all four of the Deputy Attorneys General who served under President Bush. All four were confirmed by the Senate by voice vote an average of 21 days after they were reported by the Judiciary Committee. No Deputy Attorney General nomination had ever been subjected to a filibuster before. That is what Senator Republicans did this year. It was wrong.  In addition, Senate Republicans have blocked votes on the nomination of Lisa Monaco to head the National Security Division at the Justice Department, another key national security position. Her nomination has been blocked even though it was considered at hearings and reported unanimously, not only by the Judiciary Committee but also by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. She was reported unanimously by all Democrats and all Republicans in two key committees. Senator Grassley, Senator Chambliss and all the Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence voted for her. To have an almost 2-month delay has been incredible--she should have been confirmed right after her nomination was reported by the Intelligence and Judiciary Committees.  Lisa Monaco's nomination has long been supported by former Justice Department officials, including former Attorney General Mukasey, who served during President George W. Bush's administration. He wrote:       Based on my meetings and conversations with Ms. Monaco, I      believe that she has both sound judgment and a keen      understanding of national security law. Which is to say, she      understands both the stakes and the rules.  The Monaco nomination to head the National Security Division at the Justice Department should have been confirmed before the Memorial Day recess. I have little doubt that she will be confirmed overwhelmingly. But the almost two-month delay is not excused by voting for her confirmation now. The National Security Division has been without her leadership. The national security team has been without another key member.  Virginia Seitz is another superbly qualified nominee with bipartisan support who should have been confirmed before the Memorial Day recess, but whose nomination has been blocked from consideration by Senate Republicans. A Rhodes Scholar and former Supreme Court clerk, Ms. Seitz has received support for her nomination from some of the most preeminent lawyers in the country, including many who have served in Republican administrations. This nomination was also reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee. All Republican members and all Democratic members voted for her. Then Senate Republicans turned around and blocked her confirmation.  I have seen the crocodile tears of some over the last few days as they lament the lack of an Office of Legal Counsel opinion on how the War Powers Act applied to the NATO-led operation in Libya. It is Senate Republicans who are responsible for having delayed and blocked the Office of Legal Counsel from having its Assistant Attorney General in place. Today, after 7 weeks of obstruction, the Senate will finally consider the nomination of Virginia Seitz.  The treatment of these nominees is now carrying over to other nominations and important legislative initiatives, as well. Just last week we witnessed for the first time since the infamous partisan vote on the nomination of Ronnie White of Missouri, the spectacle of Republican Senators who had voted in favor of a nomination in committee switching to vote against thenomination when considered by the Senate. We have seen Republican Senators, who in consultation with the White House and Judiciary Committee approved a judicial nominee, flipping to oppose the nominee.  The Senate Judiciary Committee has considered two national security bills during the last 2 weeks. Both times Republican Senators professed to support the legislation as they voted against it. The most critical and time sensitive is the bill before the Senate to authorize a limited extension of the term of service of FBI Director Robert Mueller, as the President has requested. The President made his request more than 6 weeks ago in light of ``the ongoing threats facing the United States, as well as the leadership transitions at other agencies.'' He asked us ``to join together in extending [Director Mueller's] leadership for the sake of our nation's safety and security.''  Rather than join together as Senate Democrats did with the President following 9/11, 7 of the 8 Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee opposed the bill. We have to consider and pass that bill without delay. Both the House and Senate have to pass it before the August recess. With the tenth anniversary of the September 11, 2001, attacks approaching, and in the face of continuing threats in the wake of the President's recent, successful operation against Osama bin Laden, we need the continuity and stability of having FBI Director Mueller in place. Without enactment of this legislation, he will not be. He will be forced from that critical post on August 3.  I urge all Senators, Democrats, Republicans and Independents, to join together for the good of the country to take quick action to pass the FBI extension, S. 1103. We cannot afford a repeat of the unnecessary delays that have held up these nominations finally considered today.  I thank today's nominees for their dedication and look forward to working with them as they faithfully execute their important responsibilities at the Justice Department. I also thank their families for their patience and for the support they give these outstanding public servants. In my 37 years in the Senate I have never seen a time when so many good nominees are held up, even though eventually so many then go through unanimously. I wish Senators would stop and think for a moment: This is awfully hard on their spouses and their children. It is awfully hard among their friends who wonder, Is there something we don't know about? Why were they held up so long?  We can all take our political positions--and should. We all vote--and should. But let's not take it out on the good Americans who want to serve their country, oftentimes at great sacrifice. Remember, we also take it out on their families.  Madam President, I reserve the remainder of my time and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  