President, I see both Senators from Alaska on the Senate floor, and I beg their indulgence. I will continue for about 5 minutes, first on the nomination of Justice Morgan Christen of Alaska to fill one of the four vacancies on the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, a judicial emergency vacancy.  This nominee is eminently well qualified and should be confirmed. Senator Murkowski and Senator Begich have worked very hard to get this nominee through, and I thank both of them. Today, we will take a step toward addressing a serious vacancy crisis in the busiest Federal appeals court in the country. I would hope, before we adjourn, that we could get the other 16 judges who have come out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously--every Democrat and every Republican voting for them--that are on the calendar. I would hope before we adjourn we could get those done.  Mr. President, I thank the majority leader for scheduling today's vote. It should not have taken more than 3 months to obtain Republican consent to consider the nomination of Justice Christen after it was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee on September 8. Her nomination has the strong support of both of Alaska's Senators, Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski and Democratic Senator Mark Begich, who introduced Justice Christen to the Judiciary Committee at her hearing on July 13. Several Republican leaders from Alaska also wrote to the Judiciary Committee to express their support, including former Alaska State Senator Arliss Sturgulewski, and Walt Monegan, the former Alaska commissioner for public safety appointed by then-Governor Sarah Palin. Connecticut State Representative Lile Gibbons, a Republican, has also written to the committee to express her support.  Justice Christen is the kind of qualified, consensus nominee who in past years would have been considered and confirmed by the Senate within days of being reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, not stuck for months unnecessarily on the Senate calendar. She is an experienced jurist who has served on Alaska's highest court for the past 3 years. She was nominated to that position by then-Governor Sarah Palin, and she is the second woman in Alaska's history to serve on its supreme court. Justice Christen previously served for 7 years as a judge on the Superior Court for Alaska's Third Judicial District, 3 of those years as the presiding judge. She worked in private practice for 13 years in Anchorage, clerked for Judge Brian Shortell of the Alaska Superior Court, and has demonstrated a deep commitment to her community throughout her career. Once she is confirmed, Justice Christen will be the first woman from Alaska to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  