Professor Liu's nomination merits our support, not this filibuster.  The Senate should vote on this nomination. In 2005, when the Republican majority threatened to blow up the Senate to ensure up-or-down votes for each of President Bush's judicial nominations, Senator McConnell, then the Republican whip, said:       Any President's judicial nominees should receive careful      consideration. But after that debate, they deserve a simple      up-or-down vote. . . . It's time to move away from advise and      obstruct and get back to advise and consent. The stakes are      high . . . . The Constitution of the United States is at      stake.  Other Republican Senators made similar statements back then. Many declared that they would never support the filibuster of a judicial nomination. Some have tried to stay true to that vision and principle. That is why the filibuster against Judge Hamilton failed and that against Judge McConnell was ended. This filibuster should also be ended.  Now the Senators, many of whom are still serving on the other side of the aisle, claim to subscribe to a standard that prohibits filibusters of judicial nominees, except in ``extraordinary circumstances.'' None of them have shown there are any extraordinary circumstances here. The President has nominated an outstanding lawyer, supported by his home State Senators and favorably reported by a majority of the Senate Judiciary Committee. This nomination is to fill a vacancy, a judicial emergency, on the Ninth Circuit.  The 14 Senators who signed the Memorandum of Understanding in 2005, the then-Gang of 14, wrote about their ``responsibilities under the Advice and Consent Clause of the United States Constitution'' and that fulfilling their constitutional responsibilities in good faith meant that ``[n]ominees should only be filibustered under extraordinary circumstance.'' Well, let's be responsible. Let's bring it to a vote.  I had hoped 2 weeks ago, when 11 Republican Senators joined in voting to end the filibuster against Judge Jack McConnell of Rhode Island that the Senate was moving away from the narrow partisan attacks of judicial nominations that have slowed us almost from the day President Obama took office. Instead, for the sixth time since President Obama took office just over a couple of years ago, we have had to seek cloture to overcome a Republican filibuster of one of President Obama's well-qualified judicial nominations.  The 14 Senators who signed the Memorandum of Understanding in 2005 wrote about the need for the President to consult with Senators. Well, this President, unlike his predecessor, has been a model in that regard. Unlike President Bush, President Obama actually has consulted with both Republican and Democratic Senators in the home States. And unlike my predecessor, the Republican Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I have not proceeded with any nominee against the wishes of a home State Senator. So apparently we have one rule if it is a Republican President and a Republican chairman of the committee, but everything changes if we have the nominees of a Democratic President. I protected Republican home State Senators. In return, I would expect Republican Senators to respect the views of other Senators, and to work with the President.  In 2005 they called for a return to our earlier practices and the reduction of rancor in the confirmation process and a return to the traditions of the Senate. I have worked very hard to do just that. I think of the vote on Janice Rogers Brown to the DC Circuit. She was a nominee who had argued that Social Security was unconstitutional, saying that ``[t]oday's senior citizens blithely cannibalize their grandchildren.'' I think most of us disagreed with her on that, but she got an up-or-down vote. They agreed to invoke cloture on the nomination of Priscilla Owen to the DC Circuit. Owen, a nominee whose rulings on the Texas Supreme Court were so extreme, they drew a condemnation of other conservative judges on that court. In fact, President Bush's White House counsel and later Attorney General, called one of her opinions an unconscionable act of judicial activism. But she was a Republican and she got a vote.  By the standard utilized in 2005 to end filibusters and vote on President Bush's controversial nominees, this filibuster should be ended and the Senate should vote on the nomination.  There were no ``extraordinary circumstances'' to justify the Republican filibuster of Judge David Hamilton, President Obama's very first judicial nomination. David Hamilton of Indiana was a 15-year veteran of the Federal bench. President Obama nominated Judge Hamilton in March 2009, after consultation with the most senior and longest-serving Republican in the Senate, Senator Dick Lugar of Indiana, who then strongly supported the nomination. Rather than welcome the nomination as an attempt by President Obama to step away from the ideological battles of the past, Senate Republicans ignored Senator Lugar's support, caricatured Judge Hamilton's record and filibustered his nomination. After rejecting that filibuster, Judge Hamilton was confirmed. The majority leader has had to file cloture on four other highly qualified judicial nominations, and now Professor Liu's nomination is the sixth.  No Senator could claim the circumstances surrounding the filibusters of President Obama's other circuit court nominations to be extraordinary. Republicans filibustered the nomination of Judge Barbara Keenan, a nominee with nearly 30 years of judicial experience, and who had been the first woman to hold a number of important judicial roles in Virginia. Once the filibuster was ended, she was ultimately confirmed 99-0 as the first woman from Virginia to serve on the Fourth Circuit.  Senate Republicans filibustered the nomination of Judge Thomas Vanaskie, despite his 16 years of experience as a Federal district court judge in Pennsylvania. That filibuster ended when the Senate agreed to vitiate the cloture, end the filibuster, and proceed to a vote. There were no extraordinary circumstances.  Last year, Senate Republicans filibustered the nomination of Judge Denny Chin, an outstanding judge with 16 years experience. They delayed his Senate consideration for months. There was no reason to do it. Finally, when that filibuster ended, the Senate proceeded to vote and confirm the only active Asian Pacific American judge serving on the Federal appellate court. The only one in all of our courts. This nominee is likewise deserving of a vote and not a partisan filibuster.  Following the recent filibuster of the nomination of Judge Jack McConnell to the district court in Rhode Island, this filibuster is the sixth time the majority leader has had to seek cloture to bring a judicial nomination to a vote.  I will say how it is unusual to have a second hearing on a nomination, at the request of Republican members of the committee. I said at the time that I hoped they would evaluate him fairly with open minds. Any Senator who listened to Professor Liu's answers during hours of questions at two confirmation hearings and considered his responses to hundreds of written followup questions--hundreds--should come away understanding this is an exceptional lawyer and scholar who will make an outstanding judge, a judge who respects the rule of law and reveres the Constitution.  Professor Liu's answers under oath and his reputation as a well-respected constitutional law professor paint a very different picture than the caricature created by the attacks from the special interest groups. Republican Senators did not wait for his hearing before declaring their opposition.  Senator Feinstein noted at Professor Liu's first hearing over a year ago that he has an extraordinary legal mind and is a person of integrity. I agree. No fairminded person can or should question his qualifications, talent, or character. Nobody can doubt his temperament. Through hours and hours and hours of questioning, we saw his judicial temperament. Unlike some of the nominees supported by the other side, he actually answered the questions. He assured the committee time and time again that he understands the role of a judge and the need for a judge to follow the law and adhere to the rule of law. He met every test presented to him by Senators on the Judiciary Committee from either side of the aisle. He exceeds every standard we have used to measure judicial nominees.  Yet in the course of the debate on this nomination we have heard troubling and baseless attacks on Professor Liu's character and integrity. Incredibly, despite this nominee's testimony at two confirmation hearings and his answers to hundreds of written questions, he has been accused of lack of candor. Professor Liu has not been a stealth nominee. In fact, his record as a professor, public servant and advocate has been a remarkably open and public one. Senators have been able to review an unprecedented volume of information provided by this nominee and ask him hundreds of questions about it. He has been available to meet with Senators and many have taken him up on the opportunity. So accusations that Professor Liu has been less than candid are misplaced, and a decision to simply ignore his record, his testimony before the committee, and his assurances under oath that he understands the role of a judge and would follow precedent if confirmed is misguided.  The many letters of strong support we have received from conservatives and Republicans who have reviewed Professor Liu's record and know the nominee show the hollowness of the partisan attacks on Professor Liu's character. In their letter, Ken Starr and Professor Amar describe Professor Liu as, ``a person of great intellect, accomplishment and integrity.'' A bipartisan group of eight CEO's based their support for Professor Liu's nomination on their observation of ``his character and intellect.'' A bipartisan group of 22 leaders in education law, policy and research cited Professor Liu's ``independence and intellectual honesty'' as among the many of his exemplary traits leading them to support his nomination. Senators can in good faith oppose this nomination, though I disagree with them, but the attacks on a fine man's character have no place in this debate.  Nonetheless, each time the Judiciary Committee considered Professor Liu's nomination a total of three times--Republican Senators voted against. When Senators are not willing to give serious and open-minded consideration to nominations it reduces the hearings and committee process to a game of delay and partisan points-scoring. That, too, is wrong.  I urge Senators to reject the special interest pressure groups and to approach this nomination the way I approached a similar nomination of a law professor by President Bush, the nomination of Professor Michael McConnell to the Tenth Circuit. He was a widely regarded law professor. Like Professor Liu, Professor McConnell was nominated to a Federal appeals court without having first served as a judge. He was one of two dozen such nominations confirmed after being nominated by President Bush.  Professor McConnell's own provocative writings included staunch advocacy for reexamining the first amendment free exercise clause and the establishment clause jurisprudence. He had expressed strong opposition to Roe v. Wade and to the clinic access law, and he had testified before Congress that he believed the Violence Against Women Act was unconstitutional. Professor McConnell's writings on the actions of Federal District Court Judge John Sprizzo in acquitting abortion protesters could not be read as anything other than praise for the extra-legal behavior of both the defendants and the judge.  Some thought Professor McConnell would turn out to be a conservative activist judge on the Tenth Circuit. I was concerned about his refusal to take responsibility for his harsh criticism of the Supreme Court's decision in the Bob Jones case. But I put faith in Professor McConnell's assurance that he understood the difference between his role as a teacher and an advocate and his future role as a judge. He assured us that he respected the doctrine of stare decisis, and that as a Federal appeals court judge he would be bound to follow Supreme Court precedent. I valued the fact that his home State Senator, Senator Hatch, supported him. The similarity there--except for the philosophy--is exactly the same with McConnell and Liu. McConnell was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee with my support, and he was confirmed to the Tenth Circuit by the Senate just one day after his nomination was reported. We voted for McConnell. They want to stop Liu.  Numerous conservative legal scholars have praised Professor Liu's understanding of constitutional law, stating that it falls well within the mainstream of American legal thought. Nothing I have read or heard from Professor Liu gives me any reason to doubt his conviction about the critical importance of the rule of law as the guiding principle of judicial decisionmaking. As a professor he has done what great professors do--challenge our view of the law. But he has left no doubt that as a judge he would do what great judges do in applying the law fairly to each case.  I thank Professor Liu's home State Senators, Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer, for their staunch advocacy for his nomination. I also thank the many Senators who have come to the floor to speak in support of Professor Liu's nomination, including the majority leader, Senator Reid, the assistant majority leader, Senator Durbin, and Senators Blumenthal, Coons, Cardin, Franken, and Lieberman.  I hope Senators from both sides of the aisle will join me in ending the filibuster of Professor Liu's nomination. He has demonstrated a command of the law and devotion to it. He has shown that he understands the role of the judge and how it differs from his career as an advocate and an academic.  I hope every Senator will treat Professor Liu with the same fairness that we gave Professor McConnell, and give the same weight to Professor Liu's assurances that we gave to McConnell's identical assurances. Then the Senate will finally be able to consider and confirm this extraordinary nominee.  How much time remains?  