President, Senators Sanders, Lautenberg, Conrad, Gillibrand and I filed an amendment to provide an additional $2.5 billion to the Federal Highway Administration's Emergency Relief Fund, which is woefully underfunded right now. In addition, our amendment would waive the $100 million per State cap on emergency funding, which has been done for previous disasters, and allow 100 percent Federal reimbursement for disaster repair work occurring more than 180 days after the disaster.  Nearly 3 weeks ago, Vermont bore the full brunt of then-Tropical Storm Irene as it turned gentle mountain streams and valley rivers into raging torrents of destruction. Whole towns were cut off from the outside world. Homes, businesses, farms, water systems, and miles of roads and bridges were swept away. And some Vermonters lost their lives in these devastating floods.  Roads, bridges, and rail lines all over the State have been wiped out. Flooding closed more than 300 town and State roads and damaged more than 30 bridges in Vermont, stranding people in more than a dozen towns for days. It is going to take years and years for my small State to recover.  In the aftermath, it has been extremely difficult to move emergency supplies and rebuilding materials around, as some of the washed-out roads have gaping gullies in the middle that are 30 feet or more deep, and some of the reopened roads and bridges are not yet recommended for heavy traffic.  The consequences have been harsh. Residents are forced to make 30-mile-plus detours to the nearest grocery store or doctor--on mountain roads, some of them unpaved. Businesses are struggling to reopen and find customers. Schools have been forced to remain closed until repairs are made.And tourists are worried about traveling to Vermont this fall to see the foliage or this winter to do some skiing.  Our small State is stretched to the limit right now. Winter is fast approaching, which means the end of the construction season is near. By November it will be too cold to lay asphalt, and by December snow and ice will cover the mountains, leaving many towns dangerously isolated. We need to make more permanent repairs as soon as possible or future rains and the fall's freeze-thaw cycle will further deteriorate our roads and make them all but impassable this winter. With just weeks to accomplish so much, we need the full and immediate support of FEMA, the Department of Transportation, and many other Federal agencies.  Earlier natural disasters across the Nation have drawn down our emergency fund accounts, jeopardizing the ability to respond in those States, as well as the newly stricken States such as Vermont. FEMA has less than $400 million in its disaster account for the rest of fiscal year 2011, and the Federal Highway Administration's disaster account is under $200 million. On top of that, the Federal highway account already has over $1 billion in backlogged projects waiting for funding. Since damage to Vermont's Federal-aid roads and bridges alone will exceed half a billion dollars, it is unclear whether the $2.5 billion we propose in this amendment will even cover all of the costs for declared disasters including Irene. But it is a good start.  We must act quickly to replenish FEMA's disaster relief fund, Federal highway's emergency road fund, and a variety of other disaster accounts that are at dangerously low levels right now. Without additional funding to these and other emergency accounts, Vermont and all of the other 49 States with ongoing Federal disasters will not have the resources they need to rebuild.  Thousands of American families and businesses have been devastated by an unprecedented series of floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, wildfires, and other natural disasters this year. The people hurting out there are desperate for a helping hand from their fellow Americans. Given the breadth and depth of Irene's destruction, on top of the ongoing disasters already declared in all 50 States, we must ensure that FEMA, the Department of Transportation, and all of the other Federal agencies involved in disaster-relief efforts have the resources they need to help our citizens in their desperate time of need.  