President, today the Senate is going to finally consider two of President Obama's highly qualified nominees to fill Federal district court vacancies in Alaska and the Northern District of California. They were unanimously voted out by the Judiciary Committee 2 months ago. I am sorry it has taken so long because of objections on the other side, but I am glad they now will be considered.  Both Sharon Gleason and Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers have the strong support of their home State Senators and both were reported by the Judiciary Committee unanimously over 2 months ago. I thank the majority leader for securing votes on their nominations. I am disappointed that the Senate Republican leadership would not agree to a vote on the other 23 judicial nominees waiting for final Senate action. These delays are inexcusable and damaging.  All 25 nominees on the Senate calendar are qualified and have the support of their home State Senators, Republican and Democratic. Twenty-one of these judicial nominations were unanimously approved by the Judiciary Committee. Senate Democrats are prepared to have votes on all these important nominations. I know of no good reason why the Republican leadership is refusing to proceed on the 23 other judicial nominations that they have stalled before the Senate.  The Senate Republican leadership has, again, insisted that the Senate skip over two circuit court nominees who would fill judicial emergency vacancies on the Second and Ninth Circuit. They, too, were reported unanimously and have the support of their home State Senators. There is no goodreason that the Senate is being prevented from confirming the nominations of Judge Chris Droney of Connecticut to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Second Circuit and Morgan Christen of Alaska to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Ninth Circuit.  Senator Grassley and I have worked together to ensure that each of these 25 nominations was fully considered by the Judiciary Committee after a thorough, fair process, including completing our extensive questionnaire and questioning at a hearing. This White House has worked with the home State Senators, Republicans and Democrats, and each of the judicial nominees being delayed from a Senate vote is supported by both home State Senators. The FBI has conducted a thorough background review of each nominee. The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has conducted a peer review of their professional qualifications. When the nominations are then reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, there is no reason for months and months of further delay before they can start serving the American people.  With the vacancy rate on Federal courts throughout the country near 10 percent, the delay in taking up and confirming these consensus judicial nominees is damaging. Last week, The Wall Street Journal reported on the impact of these vacancies at a time when the criminal docket on Federal district courts is growing. The article states:       Exacerbating the problem are vacancies on the Federal      bench. Despite the surge in case loads, the number of      authorized federal judgeships has risen just 4% since 1990.      Of the 677 district court judgeships currently authorized,      about 9.5% are vacant. (``Criminal Case Glut Impedes Civil      Suits'')  As a result, according to Judge McCuskey of the Central District of Illinois, ``civil litigation has ground to a halt.'' These delays affect both individuals and businesses. The article highlights that over 2,000 citizens of Merced, California who filed suit in 2007 over toxic chemical contamination stemming from a 2006 flood are still awaiting resolution, and only one civil trial has been held in the matter. In the article, Senior Judge W. Royal Furgeson of the Northern District of Texas is quoted warning that if decisions on contracts, mergers and intellectual-property rights ``can't be reached through quick and prompt justice, things unravel for business.''  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a copy of this article at the conclusion of my remarks.  