President, let me speak a little bit about Mark Hatfield, because those of us who knew Mark thought the world of him. I had an opportunity to know him and to serve with him, and for 23 years I served with him in the Senate.  I rise to pay tribute to Mark as a dedicated public servant and a respected lawmaker, a man whom I liked to call my friend, and I think virtually everybody serving during that time, Republican and Democrat alike, considered him a friend.  He dedicated nearly his entire life to public service. He served in the U.S. Navy during World War II. He took part in the battles of Iwo Jima and Okinawa. He taught political science in Oregon at Willamette College for 7 years. He served in the Oregon State legislature. He served two terms as Governor. I remember him smiling when somebody would see him in the corridors and call him Governor. He became Oregon's longest serving Senator. He served five terms in the Senate.  Unfortunately, Mark was one of a dying breed in politics today. He was an old-fashioned Senator and a political moderate. He came from a brand of Senators that included names such as Bob Stafford and George Aiken, both from Vermont. Oregon, like my State, prizes independence in their elected officials, and he was certainly never afraid to buck his party. From his opposition to the war in Vietnam to his early support for the Endangered Species Act and federally protected wilderness, Mark showed us all that he was ruled only by the people of Oregon and his conscience.  A true compassion for people drove many of Mark's decisions. After being one of the first American servicemen to see the destruction and carnage of Hiroshima following the atomic bombing, he later declared his leadership in the campaign to pass the 1987 nuclear weapons test ban, one of his major accomplishments.  Having a father with Alzheimer's disease and other family members with cancer, Mark became one of the strongest Senate advocates of Federal spending on medical research. He also supported prohibiting the sale of arms to undemocratic countries and countries that did not respect human rights.  Spending 8 years as the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Mark Hatfield did an amazing amount of good for his State of Oregon. In fact, it is hard to travel in the State of Oregon without seeing the differences he made.  Senator Hatfield was always known for his courteousness. Despite his independent streak, he had complete respect on both sides of the aisle. More than once I was there, and my two colleagues from Oregon on the floor know this, when people would come up to him and call him ``Saint Mark.''  It is important to remember that despite the squabbling that goes on in Washington these days, there are politicians who care deeply about the well-being of their colleagues in their State.  On a personal note, when I came to the Senate, I was No. 99 in seniority. Actually, there were only 99 of us in the Senate because there had been a tied race in New Hampshire. So I was the junior most Senator, sitting way over in the corner seat. Several of the more senior Senators reminded me how junior I was. I received a handwritten note, which I still have, from a Senator who wrote: When I came to the Senate, I was No. 99. But you move up. You move up quickly in seniority. He said: My door is always open to you. Let me know what I can do to help.  That Senator was Mark Hatfield. We became friends from that moment. I did go to him for advice. Marcelle and I traveled with him and Antoinette in numerous parts of the world. I can still remember the laughter on the plane. We would talk about everything--everything from children to politics, to sports, to whatever.  What a wonderful person. He was a public servant. He was a statesman. He was a friend. I consider myself fortunate to have known him, but especially to have served with him. This Senate was a better place with Mark Hatfield.  I yield the floor.  