President, I have listened to a lot of the debate about Professor Liu, and having sat in on the hearings with him, having met with him, having gone through the whole record, I sometimes wonder who this is everybody is talking about. It is not the man I heard from, the man who testified under oath and had to speak very candidly, very honestly about his positions. He is a man who is admired by legal thinkers and academic scholars from across the political spectrum.  He has spent his career in public service, private practice, and as a teacher since receiving degrees from Stanford University and Yale Law School. He is a Rhodes scholar. After law school, Professor Liu clerked for DC Circuit Judge David Tatel, and Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. No one can question his intellect or his qualifications. He should be treated with respect and admired, not maligned and caricatured. His honest testimony during two hearings before the Judiciary Committee should be credited, rather than ignored.  Professor Liu's parents, wife, children, friends and community are justifiably proud of him and have looked forward to his confirmation to the court of appeals since he was first nominated in February 2010. We saw his beautiful children at each of his two confirmation hearings--indeed, the first was born only weeks before his first hearing and was nearly a year old at his second. The son of Taiwanese immigrants, Professor Liu would bring much-needed diversity to the Federal Bench. There is no Asian Pacific American judge on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which, of course, includes California and Hawaii and a number of Western States.  If we look at the record, Professor Liu is a nominee with significant support from across the political and ideological spectrum. Among the letters I will have printed in the Record is one from Kenneth Starr, the former Solicitor General during President George H. W. Bush's administration. For those who have may have forgotten, he was the independent counsel who investigated President Clinton during the Clinton administration.  He and distinguished Professor Akhil Amar wrote:       [I]t is our privilege to speak to his qualifications and      character, and to urge favorable action on his nomination in      the discharge of your constitutional duties of advice and      consent. In short, Goodwin is a person of great intellect,      accomplishment, and integrity, and he is exceptionally well-     qualified to serve on the court of appeals. The nation is      fortunate that he is willing to leave academia to engage in      this important form of public service.  We also heard from Clint Bolick, who is the director of the conservative Goldwater Institute, named after a former colleague of mine, Barry Goldwater. He said:       Having reviewed several of his academic writings, I find      Professor Liu to exhibit fresh, independent thinking and      intellectual honesty. He clearly possesses the scholarly      credentials and experiences to serve with distinction on this      important court.  A bipartisan group of eight chief corporate executives who know Professor Liu from his service on the Stanford University Board of Trustees recently wrote to the Senate in support of Professor Liu's nomination:       In short, Goodwin's strengths are exactly what we expect in      a judge: objectivity, independence, collegiality, respect for      differing views, sound judgment. Goodwin possesses these      qualities on top of the brilliant legal acumen that is well-     established by his professional record and the judgment of      those most familiar with his scholarly work.  I ask unanimous consent that these letters be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my statement.  