Republicans filibustered the nomination of Judge Barbara Keenan, a nominee with nearly 30 years of judicial experience, and who had the distinction of being the first woman to hold a number of important judicial roles in Virginia. She was ultimately confirmed 99-0 as the first woman from Virginia to serve on the Fourth Circuit. Senate Republicans filibustered the nomination of Judge Thomas Vanaskie, whose 16 years of experience as a Federal district court judge in Pennsylvania are now being used in service to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, after his overwhelming confirmation. Senate Republicans filibustered Judge Denny Chin of the Second Circuit, another nominee with 16 years of experience as a Federal district court judge. He is now the only active Asian Pacific American judge to serve on a Federal appellate court, after being confirmed unanimously.  In addition, the Republicans' across-the-board practice of refusing consent and delaying consideration of even nominations with unanimous support has led to a steady backlog of pending nominations. The refusal of Republicans to give consent to consideration meant that 19 judicial nominations were stranded on the Senate's Executive Calendar at the end of last Congress. There are 13 judicial nominations now on the calendar that Democrats are prepared to consider.  Each of these nominations should be considered without unnecessary delay. If we do that, we can reduce the judicial vacancies to 80 for the first time since July 2009. Yet we are forced to overcome filibusters even to have a debate and vote on district court nominations.  These filibusters stand in stark contrast to the views of Republican Senators about the role of the Senate in considering judicial nominees when the President was from their own party. In 2005, when the Republican majority threatened to blow up the Senate to ensure up-or-down votes for each of President Bush's judicial nominations, Senator McConnell, then the Republican whip, said:       Any President's judicial nominees should receive careful      consideration. But after that debate, they deserve a simple      up-or-down vote. . . . It's time to move away from advise and      obstruct and get back to advise and consent. The stakes are      high . . . . The Constitution of the United States is at      stake.  Other Republican Senators made similar statements back then. Many declared that they would never support the filibuster of a judicial nomination. Others subscribed to the standard that the so-called gang of 14 formulated that they would only filibuster in ``extraordinary circumstances.'' The only extraordinary circumstance in this case is the judicial vacancies crisis that has prompted the President, the Chief Justice, the Attorney General, bar associations and many others to call for prompt consideration and confirmation of judicial nominees.  Yet rather than applying consistent standards and debating and voting on judicial nominations favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee, we see Republican Senators adopting a double standard and engaging in a dramatic break from the Senate's tradition by filibustering this district court nomination.  Jack McConnell is an outstanding lawyer. President Obama has nominated him three times to serve as a Federal district court judge in Rhode Island. With more than 25 years of experience as a lawyer in private practice, Mr. McConnell has the strong support of both Rhode Island Senators, Senator Reed and Senator Whitehouse. He has been reported by a bipartisan majority of the Judiciary Committee three times.  Individuals and organizations from across the political spectrum in that State have called for Mr. McConnell's confirmation. The Providence Journal endorsed his nomination by saying       in his legal work and community leadership [he] has shown      that he has the legal intelligence, character, compassion,      and independence to be a distinguished jurist.  Leading Republican figures in Rhode Island have endorsed his nomination. They include First Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Bruce Selya; Warick Mayor Scott Avedisian; Rhode Island Chief Justice Joseph Weisberger; former Rhode Island Attorney General Jeffrey Pine; former Director of the Rhode Island Department of Business, Barry Hittner; former Rhode Island Republican Party Vice-Chair John M. Harpootian; and Third Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Michael Fisher.  Some oppose him because he successfully represented plaintiffs, including the State of Rhode Island itself, in lawsuits against lead paint manufacturers. Some here in the Senate may support the lead paint industry. That is their right. I support those who want to go after the people who poison children. That is what Mr. McConnell did. But nobody should oppose Mr. McConnell for doing what lawyers do and vigorously representing his clients in those lawsuits.  The Senate has finally begun to debate this nomination, and some have wasted no time in coming to the Floor and distorting, I believe, Mr. McConnell's testimony before the committee. I disagree with Senator Cornyn's characterization of Mr. McConnell's testimony. As chairman, I take seriously the obligation of nominees appearing before the Judiciary Committee to be truthful. I would be the first Senator to raise an issue if there were any legitimate question as to the accuracy of Mr. McConnell's testimony. But there is not.  The accusation stems from Mr. McConnell's recent testimony as a witness deposed in a lawsuit brought by one of the paint companies engaged in litigation with Mr. McConnell's client. That lawsuit alleges that Motley Rice, the law firm where Mr. McConnell is employed, improperly obtained a 34-page confidential company document from one of the lead paint companies. Mr. McConnell is not a party to the lawsuit, but was deposed last September only as a witness. His answers at hisdeposition concerning his knowledge of the confidential document were the same as his responses to written questions from Senator Kyl following his hearing nearly a year ago, and the same as his responses to Senator Lee in written questions this February. At no time has there been a suggestion of wrongdoing by Mr. McConnell in this lawsuit.  Far from establishing that Mr. McConnell was untruthful with the committee, the deposition transcript obtained by the Committee after it was unsealed by the Court only further validates Mr. McConnell's account of his knowledge of this document. To believe that Mr. McConnell was untruthful with the committee, some Senators would have to disbelieve not just his answers to written questions from committee members, but also Mr. McConnell's sworn testimony as a witness being deposed in a lawsuit. Some Senators may feel strongly that Mr. McConnell and his firm were wrong to sue lead paint companies, but there is simply no basis believing that Mr. McConnell was untruthful with the committee. I reject those conclusions.  These Republican filibusters of district court nominations are unprecedented. The consequences for the American people and their access to justice in our Federal courts are real. I urge the Senate to reject these efforts and reject this filibuster.  Mr. President, I appreciate the courtesy of my colleagues in giving me the extra time, the distinguished senior Senator from Delaware and the distinguished Senator from Connecticut.  I yield the floor.  