Lawrence Seaway that kind of connects it all as it flows into the Atlantic Ocean.  But I wanted say, you know, many of us, all of us have come through very difficult campaigns in this political year of 2012. But what is wonderful about serving with the three of you is you keep the focus on jobs in this country, and the importance of making goods in America, and where wealth is really created, how we do that as a country, and what it takes to build a great country.  I look at the St. Lawrence Seaway, and I think about Dwight Eisenhower, a great general, led our forces in Europe, and came home and decided that America needed to create the St. Lawrence Seaway so that we would unlock the potential of the Upper Great Lakes and the Lower Great Lakes.  And you say to yourself, today, with some of the limited thinking that some exhibit--of course, no one in this Chamber would ever be accused of that,right?--but could we do the St. Lawrence Seaway again?  I've had the great privilege of traveling out West--I think I've probably been in every State and almost every congressional district at one point in my career--and to look at the Hoover Dam. And as I admired the dam, I thought to myself, America has it in her to land a man on the moon and to create NASA, but here at home, our public works, do we have the vision?  Do we have a vision big enough today, in the 21st century, to match what those who came before us gave to us that put this continent together?  And as I travel, I see water systems in disrepair. In fact, in my hometown of Toledo, they're trying to find $45 million to put a roof on the water treatment plant, which really needs $500 million to fix.  I go to the new parts of the Ninth District, in the city of Cleveland, and I look at the need for infrastructure repair and, in the same city, so many unemployed people who could be put to work fixing the heart and soul of Cleveland.  Or Lorain, Ohio, the number of brownfields that are there where we're waiting to clear property so that we can clean it up, move the sewage treatment plant, move other assets that are there and create a much greater port on Lake Erie. And I say, do we have it in us?  I know I have it in me to want to do this. But I look back at what our heritage really is, the interstate highway system itself, when, again, during the 1950s, if we think about what was done, there was a time when this country, if you moved from--well, you couldn't move from Ohio to California on roads that intersected. People think that just happened, but it didn't. It took real vision to do that.  All the statistics show that when we invest in infrastructure, that is the most job-rich program that this country could ever promote. And to create efficiencies and intermodal connections--Congressman Tonko talked about fiber optics and about telecommunications and all of the new ways of connecting our country.  I've had the privilege in my career of representing many rural areas that are short, not just on doctors, but on telecommunications capabilities. It isn't just in the heart of Ukraine where people can't communicate; it's in rural America as well.  So I just came down here, I heard you speaking, and I thought, I identify with your cause. Thank you for talking about jobs inside the Congress of the United States. Thank you, Congressman Garamendi, Congressman Higgins, Congressman Tonko.  Now you all come from what is regarded as the coast, right? But I'm from a coast too, the north coast along Lake Erie, and it's actually quite a long coast when you take a look at it, you unwind it in all the various lakes. So we're coastal America too, and I identify with your cause.  And believe me, the people that sent me here identify with the cause of jobs and economic growth and infrastructure investment in our country to push us far beyond where perhaps Roosevelt and Eisenhower and Kennedy dreamed.  Thank you so very much for this Special Order tonight.  