Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment.  The Botanic Garden is a national treasure.  The history of the Botanic Garden starts over 200 years ago. Originally, the idea for a Botanic Garden came from George Washington himself.  Congress formally established the Garden in 1820 and it is one of the oldest botanic gardens in North America.  The Botanic Garden is dedicated to demonstrating the aesthetic, cultural, economic, therapeutic and ecological importance of plants to the well-being of humankind.  More than 750,000 visitors a year experience the Botanic Garden's plants displays, innovative exhibits, and special programs.  The Botanic Garden maintains 13,000 accessions, which equates to about 26,000 plants.  Its noteworthy collections include medicinal plants, rare species, orchids, carnivorous plants, cacti, bromeliads, cycads and ferns. Some of the plant specimens date back to the Garden's original 1842 founding collection.  There is no better place to gain an understanding of the essential relationship of plants to human life than at the Garden. Through living displays that feature the biodiversity of plants from around the world, the Garden brings to light the many benefits derived from plants including oxygen, food, medicine, fiber, fragrance, shelter, and inspiration.  Education is also a critical mission of the Botanic Garden. It creates opportunities to inspire our visitors to learn about the importance of plants and presents a variety of educational programming to visitors, teachers, and students.  The Botanic Garden partners with the Smithsonian Institution, U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), the National Wildlife Federation, the National Gardening Association and other domestic and international botanic gardens on its outreach programs to maximize its educational impact.  Mr. Chairman, this botanic collection is a global treasure.  Globally, about one in every eight known plant species is threatened or nearing extinction. In the United States, the figure rises to about three in every ten plant species.  Humans are inextricably interwined with plants and other life forms, locked in a dynamic, co-dependent struggle for survival. It is in our own self-interest to pay them more attention.  Moreover, the Botanic Garden has a backlog of capital renewal and deferred maintenance projects of over $14.5 million, which is $2.5 million more than its total budget in this bill.  If Mr. Gosar's amendment is accepted, it is likely to cost more taxpayer dollars as staff will likely have to be furloughed, the number of deferred maintenance projects will increase, and there will be less educational opportunities for students.  While we have serious fiscal challenges in this country, the U.S. Botanic Garden is not part of the problem.  Let's prosecute Wall Street wrong doings and recoup the billions upon billions used on bailouts rather than pick on the U.S. Botanic Garden.  I urge my colleagues to reject this misguided amendment.  The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gosar).  The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it.  