Chairman, I would like to rise in opposition to this amendment and to say to the gentleman from Georgia that I don't really know where you might live in Georgia, but imagine neighborhoods in our country where there is no private lender with competitive rates; imagine neighborhoods that are crammed at the edges with payday lenders who are more than willing to bilk people who have checks to cash, maybe even Social Security checks, and they charge them royally for that; imagine a neighborhood where there is no church-run credit union, maybe a multilingual neighborhood with no lending arm of any reputable institution. If there is somebody in the neighborhood willing to make a loan, such as a loan shark, they charge fees. Imagine the trouble that a family can get into. Imagine how difficult it is in those neighborhoods to accumulate capital to make a loan because everything is being taken out by predatory practices and nothing is put back in.  NeighborWorks is one of the few institutions in this country that has proven itself and works in exactly those kinds of neighborhood. NeighborWorks tries to save families and give them a chance to get on the ladder up to opportunity. Particularly during this time, when we know we've had the largest transfer of wealth in American history from Main Street to Wall Street. NeighborWorks is a lifeline. People have had their equity taken away, including in neighborhoods like I'm talking about, where people were beginning to own their own homes for the first time, where they needed financial counseling, mortgage counseling, advice on if you're going to buy a home, what a reasonable down payment is, based on how much do they earn. People need sound advice on mortgages--that you shouldn't pay more than this out of your check so you don't get in trouble. People need advice as they try to find reputable people to repair their homes so they get a decent price on their roof and gutters--it all seems so simple if you live in the suburbs, and you've got enough money, and the region is not disinvested, and you're not living at the edge.  NeighborWorks is one of those programs that is needed, particularly at this time in our country with the housing market being in the condition that it is. With the enormous challenges facing built communities in the built environment in city after city, NeighborWorks serves community after community, both urban and rural. It's amazing what's happened even to rural small towns in this country and their emptying out that is really historic in nature.  A program like NeighborWorks has proven itself time and again. It pays back to the American people their equity not being lost, in helping capital accumulate in some of the most forgotten corners of this country, and with their staff that are highly trained and highly reputable.  I would not want to be without NeighborWorks in Ohio, not in the housing situation that we're facing today. I'm not sure about Georgia. But I would bet in Atlanta they value NeighborWorks if they have one, and I assume that they do. But you have to imagine yourself living in a place like you may not know. And for the American Dream to happen, organizations like NeighborWorks are absolutely essential.  I oppose the gentleman's amendment. I think it may be well intentioned, but I think it's going to achieve exactly the wrong result. I think Chairman Latham of the full committee and Ranking Member Olver have reached an accommodation here to help our housing market recover in some of the most forgotten places and not to have any more hemorrhaging of equity and investment capital across this country. I urge a no vote on the Broun Amendment.  With that, I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Broun).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it.  