 Well, here we are again. America is still recovering from the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, and the Republicans don'tseem to understand that we need to focus on job creation.  Our economy has been producing private sector jobs each month for the last 2 years, in stark contrast to the Bush years. But today we're not debating job growth to balance the budget. We aren't considering a transportation bill today. No, that would create the most new jobs, making real investments in America by putting people back to work and growing our economy.  Today we are debating nothing more than the latest political talking points for the Republican Party. We all know that this strategy is going nowhere in the Senate. So instead of focusing on economic growth and job creation, the Republicans have decided to protect their rich friends and slash the programs that the most needy in our country depend upon.  While protecting the well-heeled, here's what the Republican bill does to ordinary families:  Cuts health coverage for the least among us, 300,000 low-income children.  The Republican bill slashes food and nutrition support for the unemployed and for struggling children and families.  The Republican bill eliminates Social Services Block Grants, which give States and local communities flexibility to target funding for essential services like Meals on Wheels, preventing child abuse and neglect, and providing child care for working parents.  The Republican bill wants to repeal the Prevention and Public Health Fund established under the Affordable Care Act. And what does that do? It supports cancer screenings, including for breast and cervical cancer, immunizations, education, research, and prevention, which, in the end, saves the most money. Prevention saves money.  If the Republicans were serious about putting our fiscal house in order, they would put forward a serious proposal that grows our economy and creates jobs to balance the budget and involves shared sacrifice. That's how you balance budgets--you grow the economy.  I look forward to that day.  