 I oppose the Gosar amendment and the cuts to the United States Botanic Garden. Unless you've actually walked through the aisles and looked at the extraordinary collections, and exhibits, including specimens that preserve the genomes of extinct plants; and if you haven't really understood why medical science depends on many of the medicinal plants that are held there for posterity; and if you haven't really appreciated the importance of the botanical sciences to human life; and if you haven't understood the work of the Botanic Garden that links to hundreds of communities across this country trying to help communities raise food, even inside urban borders and food deserts--then you really can't come to appreciate the importance of the fragility of life and how significant this botanical collection is to our country. This is a collection and capability that has been understood since George Washington's time over decades and indeed centuries. Our predecessors appreciated the importance of botanical sciences to human life even with science as rudimentary as it was at our Nation's founding. The site itself is nestled right adjacent to the Capitol, demonstrating the importance to the American people that those who came before us understood--the importance of the linkage between human life and plant life. Some of the most important scientific breakthroughs that we've had in medicine, for example, come from the plant kingdom.  I think that though the gentleman may have a good goal in mind in trying to handle our accounts in a more responsible way, this is a very irresponsible way to do it. Why? Because if the botanic garden has to cut existing contracts, or if they have to lay off workers, or put off longer deferred main tenancy, in the end what appears to be a cut may actually prove to be a budgetary increase over time in additional costs. Truly this cut is rather draconian cuts to the Architect of the Capitol.  I just wanted to say in a prior iteration of his amendment, the gentleman actually issued a press release saying the Botanic Garden has proven its ability to use tax dollars in a cost-effective and efficient way. I don't know how he might have changed his mind on that, but I think for the good of the country, for the future of medical science, for the linkage of this scientific collection to communities across the country, the Botanical Garden has proven its worth.  I want to thank the gentleman for yielding, and I appreciate the opportunity to place my remarks on the record.  