 I was reflecting and listening to our colleagues that, with the departure of these wonderful, wonderful Americans who call Ohio their home, Ohio will lose over a half a century of seniority as they move on to other pursuits. On top of the seniority that was lost when Ralph Regula retired and Dave Hobson and Lou Stokes, we really have a rebuilding job to do in Ohio to gain footing here and to make sure that the needs of Ohio are met. So as these very able Ohioans leave, they take with them great knowledge and great dexterity in this institution, but we have to be conscious of our added responsibilities as they leave.  I want to say to my two sisters, to Betty Sutton, who has been a true champion on the middle class during her 6 years of service here, without question her voice has been heard and will be heard again. She has dedicated her life to public service and the betterment of the lives of Ohioans and all Americans. And what makes her service particularly poignant, I think, she is a very highly educated woman, but she is very, very proud of her working-class roots, her blue-collar roots, and it is not surprising that she was a tireless advocate for working men and women in her service here.  The Cash for Clunkers legislation that gave our economy a much-needed shot in the arm was championed by her. And at every turn, she fought for her convictions that everyone should have access to work, to health care, that we had to grow our economy and create jobs so the middle class could be strengthened and those who want to get into it would have that ladder of opportunity up. She always kept our Nation's servicemen and -women preeminent in her mind. I can tell you, I will miss her so very, very much.  Congresswoman Jean Schmidt, who I'm glad is on the floor with us tonight, was first elected in 2005 and has been an absolutely totally dedicated Representative to her district, to our State, and to the country. I have admired her dedication and her ability to reach across the aisle. I have admired very much her work on new energy systems in all sectors, not picking any favorites necessarily, but trying to help America meet its chief strategic vulnerability, and that is our continued reliance on imported sources of energy. I know how hard she has fought for our troops, both here as a Member and back home, always recognizing their contributions to our country.  And I will miss her. I will miss seeing her, I will miss working with her, and I obviously wish her, on behalf of our side of the delegation, the very best that life can offer and a very beautiful holiday season. I know we have not heard the last of Jean Schmidt. I know that she has much more to give.  To my colleague, Dennis Kucinich from Cleveland, we certainly admire his passion and conviction on issues. One doesn't doubt where he stands when Dennis takes a position. He believes in it, and he believes in the people he represents, and they surely need voice. He has never lost focus on that during his tenure, and I know that all of us will be watching as he makes his way forward. I know that he will be active in the political realm as he so chooses. And we thank him for his great service to the State of Ohio as a Member of Congress, but before that, as well, in service to the State legislature and as mayor of Cleveland. He has had a very illustrious career and many, many accomplishments to show for that service.  I want to say to Steve LaTourette a personal thank-you for the years that we've served together, but also for our work on the Appropriations Committee, the full committee, as well as the subcommittee that we share, Transportation, Housing and Urban Development. Our part of Ohio, in fact all of Ohio, which has more urban areas than any other State in the Union, needs the attention of this committee, and Steve completely dedicated himself to that so honorably. He's been a commonsense Congressman and an able partner on the many issues that we're able to work on together. We fought against bank bonuses after Wall Street collapsed. We worked together to save the auto industry to ensure that auto dealers got a fair deal, saving thousands of jobs, and to make sure, in the end, Ohio got her fair share.  I will hope that his work in the future will allow him to be a champion for the greater Cleveland area and northeastern Ohio, but for our whole State because of his great acumen and his abilities to work with people of all persuasions. I know how Lake Erie and the entire Great Lakes system has benefited from his years of service, and we have to pick up that mantle and carry it forward for him.  Finally, for Steve Austria, what a joy to work with Steve Austria, whether it was on Wright Pat, whether it was on the concerns of central Ohio, such a gentleman, so strong and steady, such a voice for his constituents over the last 4 years that he has served. I wish that he could have served longer. I have enjoyed the opportunities I've had to work with him, though not always on shared committees.  I just want to thank Congressman Tiberi for bringing us together tonight to pay tribute to all of these great Ohioans--Betty Sutton, Jean Schmidt, Dennis Kucinich, Steve Austria, and Steve LaTourette--all of whom have made enormous contributions to our State, and I thank you for allowing me to add my words of appreciation to all of you.  