 First, I would like to share my appreciation for all of the work that Congressman Olver has dedicated his life to throughout his two-decade-long career with intelligence, integrity, and honor. More recently, I would like to take a moment to recognize the work he has done the past 4 years as both chair and ranking member of the very productive, bipartisan Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Subcommittee. His presence, his experience, his moderation, his knowledge, his collegiality, and his genius will certainly be missed, and we thank him for his phenomenal service to our country.  With that, I applaud the work that both he and Chairman Latham have done with the subcommittee FY 2013 legislation. Unfortunately, their sense of necessary bipartisanship does not extend to the leadership of this House.  I must reference the beginning of the appropriations process and the leadership's misguided decision to undermine the Budget Control Act of 2011. The result of our negotiations last summer created a bipartisan agreement, with discretionary programs having a spending cap of $1.047 trillion. However, the Republican leadership reneged on that deal, leaving us with $19 billion less for discretionary programs essential for the American public and the American economy during this crucial moment of economic recovery.  Despite the fact that they pulled the rug out from under the committee, on transportation, Amtrak is actually funded somewhat above the fiscal year 2012 level. You know, America has 300 million people today, a little bit over that. By 2050 she will have 500 million people. We simply need leadership in this country to know that we have to meet the needs of a new day. This bill moves us in that direction.  The legislation also provides renewal of housing contracts for every eligible individual and family currently receiving them, though for two-thirds ofthem, they will not get the full year renewal. This is not the moment to undermine our Nation's housing market further.  Local community programs like CDBG and HOME are funded at less than adequate levels, but we did the best we could with the allocation. An important program, the HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing program, is fully funded at $75 million, which will provide housing vouchers for over 10,000 veterans, most of them homeless across our country.  Again, I want to thank Chairman Latham and Ranking Member Olver, as well as the full committee Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Dicks for their work. This bill is constrained by budget realities that continue to reward Wall Street insiders at the expense of the middle class and the poor. I alone can't change that, but this bill demonstrates that the Appropriations Committee does its work of maintaining a stable Federal Government as fundamental to a stable society in this great Nation.  