 I wanted to tie together Congressman Higgins' ideas on the Helmets to Hardhats, a program that I have supported, and commend him for his leadership on that, and also Congressman Tonko for the efforts that he's made in suggesting to us that we have to be visionary, and we have to promote new research, new research and development.  One area we have not focused on during these discussions tonight as much as I would hope is housing. Every recovery America has had since World War II has been led by housing, and housing has been in the dumpster for several years now. And one of the ways we do that is think about ways inwhich programs like Helmets to Hardhats could identify sectors in communities that were depleted by the Wall Street crisis. And think about how to modernize the manner in which energy is provided to them, for example. So we're not just rebuilding to the past but building the future.  In my home community, we have something called Advanced Energy Utility that the Port Authority has established where they can loan funds that are then paid back through the bond offerings they do. And right now it's in its early stages. But one could see where a neighborhood could be identified and new technologies in the building sector brought to bear to create the new neighborhoods of tomorrow.  One company--Owens Corning--in our region has established a new manufacturing plant near Milan, Ohio, building a seven-layer roofing and the most incredible equipment. I defy any Member of Congress to build what they have built there and to bring off these big roles and be able to apply this roofing that I think is going to lead the industry. They could build four new factories depending on sales in the northern environments of the United States and Canada. And I see this and I think, all we have to do is put the parts together to build the residential neighborhoods of a 21st century America.  So I am just proud to join my colleagues tonight. And thank you, Congressman Garamendi, for bringing us together, as you so often do, to keep the focus here in the Congress on jobs and economic growth, which is what the American people sent us here to do.  