Speaker, it is with great pride and respect that I wish to commend the mothers of Indiana's First Congressional District who have suffered the ultimate sacrifice of motherhood by losing sons and daughters who served in the Armed Forces. Their courage and perseverance perpetuate the memory of all whose lives were sacrificed in our wars.  In honor of Gold Star Mother's Day 2005, I would in particular like to recognize the mothers of the First Congressional District who have lost a child in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. They are Katherine Brown, the mother of Army Specialist Adam J. Harting; Kim Greenberg, the mother of Army Specialist Nicholas R. Idalski; Summer Lipford, the mother of Army Private First Class Steven F. Sirko; Towina ``Gail'' Nightingale, the mother of Army Private First Class Nathan E. Stahl; Marie Lisa Campos Miranda, the mother of Army Private Luis Perez; Susan Amos, the mother of Army Private First Class John Amos; Janie Espinoza, the mother of Army Reserve Specialist Roy Russell Buckley; Roberta Rios, the mother of Marine Sergeant Duane R. Rios; Leslie Sanders, the mother of Army Specialist Gregory P. Sanders; the late Janet Winters, the mother of Marine Sergeant Jeannette L. Winters.  The Gold Star Mothers and the soldiers of the First Congressional District are powerful examples of service and sacrifice for us all. With dignity, bravery, and compassion, they have worked to promote patriotism, foster peace, and encourage goodwill. Their generosity of spirit has touched the lives of countless Americans and made certain that the selflessness they demonstrated in service to ourcountry remains a prominent part of our national character. I speak for this entire body when I say that words cannot express the gratitude we have for these courageous individuals.  Gold Star Mother's Day was established in respect and recognition of the sacrifices our Gold Star Mothers have made. The Congress designated the last Sunday in September as ``Gold Star Mother's Day'' in 1936 and authorized and requested the President to issue a proclamation in observance of this day. This day is a fitting public salute of the sympathy and the respect that our Nation holds for its Gold Star Mothers.  Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring the mothers of the fallen heroes of the First Congressional District. Today, as we enjoy the peace and security our Nation has achieved through the sacrifices of American citizens, Gold Star Mothers can take solace in knowing that their sons and daughters left all humanity a legacy of invaluable meaning. Let us never forget the sacrifices they made to preserve the ideals of freedom and democracy.  