Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2830. I am old enough to remember a time when everyone on my block in the Glen Park section of Gary, Indiana had a pension. The defined benefit pension system today, which protects the retirement security of over 44 million workers, retirees, and their families, is at a critical juncture. The number of defined benefit plans has declined from over 100,000 in 1985 to under 32,000 in 2004. While the number of active workers covered by such plans has dropped from over 40 million to under 20 million, an additional 20 million retirees depend on defined benefit plans for their retirement security.  Both the Congressional Budget Office and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation have found that H.R. 2830 will add billions more to the PBGC's already mounting deficit. According to the CBO, this legislation would increase the PBGC's deficit by $9 billion dollars over the next ten years. The PBGC is already facing a deficit of $23 billion and could face additional liabilities of up to $100 billion in the near future.  In the five years leading up to the closings of LTV and Bethlehem Steel, steel companies in North America were filing for bankruptcy in record numbers, using the bankruptcy courts to break their contractual obligations and impose cuts or outright elimination of jobs, benefits, pensions and wages of steelworkers. In 2000, LTV Steel filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy for protection from its creditors, including its obligations to its pension plan. In 2002, LTV filed Section 7 bankruptcy, which liquidated its assets. Today's legislation would put additional pressure on an agency that is already picking up the slack because corporate America has used them as a dumping ground.  In addition, H.R. 2830 does not ensure fair treatment between workers and executives. The bill permits CEOs to receive executive golden parachutes at the same time employees are suffering deep cuts in their promised retirement benefits. Under H.R. 2830, if an employer does not fund its pension plan above 80 percent, then workers cannot receive any increases in benefits or take a lump sum at retirement. No similar restriction is imposed on executives. If an employer does not fund above 60 percent, then the workers' plan must be frozen with no new benefits allowed to accrue. Only at 60 percent are employers prohibited from transferring funds to executive compensation. However, employers can get around this prohibition and make promises of future benefits to executives. I find this deplorable at a time when we are seeing companies like Delphi abuse the system. Under Chapter 11 reorganization, Delphi could award 500 of their executives cash bonuses of 30 percent to 250 percent of their base salary for exiting Chapter 11.  In closing Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2830. According to CBO, H.R. 2830 would increase the Federal deficit by over $70 billion from 2006-2015. It contains a variety of unoffset tax incentives for corporate America that will not secure the pension of the hardworking men and women who are making our steel, mining our coal, building our homes, and flying our airplanes. Congress owes working Americans more.  