Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 190, a measure honoring the life and achievements of His Holiness, Pope John Paul II, and expressing profound sorrow on his death. It is with great honor that I stand here today to pay tribute to Pope John Paul II and recognize his contributions to the causes of freedom, human dignity, and peace.  The leadership the Holy Father displayed during his 26-year tenure as Supreme Pastor of the Roman Catholic Church helped to shape our moral conscience. His fight to end human rights abuses and his opposition to communism not only influenced the Catholic community, but the world community. He was a defender of the faith whose leadership during a pivotal time was profound. I am truly awed by the life of the Holy Father.  Born Karol Jozef Wojtyla, Jr. in 1920, Pope John Paul II was the second son of Karol Wojtyla, Sr. and Emilia Kaczorwoska Wojtyla. Karol, Sr. was a retired officer for the Polish Army as well as a tailor, and Emilia was a schoolteacher. Pope John Paul II repeatedly demonstrated his unique ability to form friendships that crossed the social norms of the time. Although his hometown of Wadowice, Poland was wrought with anti-Semitism, Pope John Paul II and his family did not share in that hatred. He was the first Pope to visit a synagogue and the first to visit a memorial in nearby Auschwitz honoring victims of the Holocaust. His Holiness was also the first Pope to visit a mosque.  Shortly after his father's death in 1941, Pope John Paul II attended an underground seminary in Krakow, where he was eventually ordained in 1946. His powerful compassion and faith carried him quickly up the ranks of the Church as he was named the auxiliary bishop of Krakow in 1958. He was instrumental to the Vatican Council II deliberations in 1962, which encouraged diversity in language and practice of the Catholic faith in order to facilitate the inclusion of laymen in worship while also condemning anti-Semitism around the world. The profound respect he enjoyed throughout the Catholic community led to his election as Pope after the death of Pope John Paul I in September 1978, making him the first Slavic Pope in history.  Less than a year after being named Pope, John Paul II returned to his native Poland and forcefully supported the Polish Solidarity movement and opposed communism. His insistence that no system of government override religious beliefs gave hope to people of faith throughout the former Soviet Union that reforms would take place. The courage and determination that he displayed in opposition to a world power reflected the strength of his convictions and his willingness to stand up to an institutional force that challenged the beliefs of the church.  Pope John Paul II was an indomitable figure despite increasing infirmities. Though he survived an assassination attempt in 1981, his health was never quite the same. However, his warmth and compassion shone brightly to all who met him and quickly endeared him to young people around the world. He is said to have been seen by more people than anyone else in history, exemplifying his connection to ordinary people. He was an unwavering moral leader whose power and appeal derived from the way he lived his life. He demonstrated this when he prayed for his would-be assassin.  Pope John Paul II was also an intellectual, a pragmatist, and a scholar who was a defender of liberty. His charisma and his ability to lead were intertwined with his status as the ``People's Pope.'' He forged a bond with people of all faiths by projecting his warmth and compassion beyond his flock. Pope John Paul II's life provided strong moral leadership during a pivotal time in history that enabled the fall of communism and the victory of liberty. The world was truly blessed to have Pope John Paul II.  Mr. Speaker, during his 26 years as pontiff, Pope John Paul II spread the Catholic faith with visits to over 115 countries. His gift for uniting those of different beliefs earned him Man of the Year honors from Time Magazine in 1994, and his popularity among both Catholics and non-Catholics around the world was a testament to his genuine love for humanity. His teaching of tolerance and love for thy neighbor will be a lasting legacy for this truly great religious leader.  