Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 149, a measure recognizing the 57th anniversary of the independence of the State of Israel. It is my honor to recognize this anniversary which marks the restoration of Jewish independence with the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948.  I commend the Israeli people for their remarkable achievements in building a new state and a pluralistic and democratic society in the Middle East in the face of terrorism and hostility. On this occasion, I extend my warmest congratulations and best wishes to the state of Israel and her people for a peaceful, prosperous, and successful future.  Independence Day is a celebration of the renewal of the Jewish state in the Land of Israel, the birthplace of the Jewish people. In this land, the Jewish people began to develop its distinctive religion and culture some 4,000 years ago, and here it has preserved an unbroken physical presence, for centuries as a sovereign state, at other times under foreign control.  On this 57th Anniversary of the establishment of the State of Israel, we recognize that the Israeli people have created one of the leading nations in the fields of science, technology, medicine, and agriculture. The people of Israel have established a vibrant and functioning pluralistic and democratic political system that guarantees the freedoms of speech and press, and free, fair, and open elections with respect for the rule of law. With a strong democracy in a troubled part of the world, Israel has absorbed millions of new immigrants from all over the world. Some of these immigrants arrived without a single possession, but Israel welcomed them by providing housing, education, social security, and health care.  I rise also to condemn the rising tide of anti-Semitism around the globe and to demonstrate the United States' lasting bond of friendship and cooperation with Israel, which has existed for the past 57 years.  Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in recognizing and paying tribute to the state of Israel as she celebrates her 57th Independence Day and again extend my warmest wishes for a peaceful and prosperous future. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Con. Res. 149.  