Speaker, I rise today as the co-chair of the House Croatian Caucus in strong support of H. Res. 529. I would first like to thank Chairman Gallegly for authoring this legislation, the ranking member on the Europe Subcommittee, Mr. Wexler, as well as Mr. Radanovich, my co-chair of the House Croatian Caucus for all of their tireless work advocating for Croatia.  Since 1994, on more than one occasion, Congress has endorsed the enlargement of NATO. Most recently, in 2003, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia signed accession protocols to theWashington Treaty of 1949 signifying their willingness to join NATO. Since its independence from the former Yugoslavia in 1992, Croatia has made substantial progress in attaining the necessary level of military and political reforms required for receiving an invitation to begin accession negotiations with NATO. I am pleased to say that just this past October, the European Union began negotiations with Croatia based on its assessment that Croatia met the political and economic criteria for candidacy in the European Union.  Croatia is a strong ally of the United Sates in the War Against Terrorism. Croatia has sent troops to Afghanistan as part of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force and has endorsed and is participating in the Proliferation Security Initiative to prevent the flow of weapons of mass destruction to that region.  Stability in South Central Europe is a very high priority, and Croatia has become a valuable, constructive partner in this delicate region. Given the potential for future regional conflicts, NATO should want to take advantage of the greater contribution that Croatia would make toward peace and stability as a full member of NATO.  The resolution before us today expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that Croatia has made significant progress since its independence in strengthening its democratic institutions and its respect for human rights and the rule of law. In addition, it commends the Republic of Croatia for the progress it has made since the end of its war for independence. Further, the Resolution commends Croatia for its progress in meeting the political, economic, military, and other requirements of NATO's Membership Action Plan, for its contribution to the global war on terrorism, and for its constructive participation in the U.S.-Adriatic Charter.  In closing Mr. Speaker, I would like to once again thank the International Relations Committee for reporting this resolution and urge my colleagues to support this resolution and approve Croatia's accession into NATO.  