 Madam Speaker, at the beginning of my remarks, I want to acknowledge that I have made a mistake and that I have been wrong for the nearly three decades I have served in the United States Congress. I regret to have to admit that. But this morning, in anticipation of today's debate, I took a look at article I of the Constitution and realized in article I, section 9, paragraph 7, I have been misreading it all of these years as a member of the Appropriations Committee. The paragraph reads: No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of a continuing resolution.  The Constitution says nothing about appropriations, apparently. Because since fiscal year 2007, this Chamber and the United States Senate, the Congress collectively, should have enacted--made discrete decisions, thought about legislation--84 appropriations bills. We have individually enacted nine.  I am appalled that in late July, early August, the last couple of weeks, every Member I have talked to in this Chamber on both sides of the aisle, senior and new, have said, if we can only do a continuing resolution, we can prevent the shutdown of the United States Government.  Today, in the United States Congress, we consider it a success if all we do is pass a continuing resolution to do what we did in fiscal year 2013, if we did what we did in fiscal year 2012, if we did what we did in fiscal years 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, and 2007.  We are governing this country by looking backwards. We have a responsibility to make decisions.  I want to remind my colleagues, just on the defense portion of this bill, of some of the initiatives that will now not take place because of the continuing resolution.  Under the leadership of Chairman Young and the members of that subcommittee, one of our initiatives is to cut $153.5 million for unjustified cost growth of the Joint Strike Fighter. One of the initiatives we would like to enact into law but cannot under the continuing resolution is for the EA-18G. We want to cut $131.4 million for carryovers and cost growth.  What we would like to do, if we could legislate in this body, is to trim $104 million for the F-18. Imagine cutting the defense budget by $104 million in cost growth and for funding that is not needed in the coming fiscal year.  We would like to reduce $99.9 million for the Next Generation Jammer. Why? Because of poor program execution and contract delays.  Within the last couple of months, we had a failed ballistics missile defense test. We would like to reduce that account and take the initiative to cut it by $110 million.  But let's do a continuing resolution. Let's not make a decision about how we fund the National Park Service.  What about the U.S. Copyright Office? For God's sake, what is there to fight over in funding the U.S. Copyright Office?  What about the Bureau of Engraving and Printing? There must be some catastrophic fight we're having because they're going to be under a continuing resolution. Food safety administration, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.  I am concerned and I want to make it clear that I profoundly appreciate the leadership of Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Lowey for trying to be responsible and get the job done. But if this continuing resolution is passed as is, until December 15, I have a profound fear that our colleagues will be so exhausted from lurching to another crisis next month that we will do a CR for the rest of the fiscal year and we will never go back to doing governance of this country.  