Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I certainly want to thank the chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, as well as the chairman of the full committee, for all of their good work on the Appropriations Committee.  It is not out of disrespect that I rise in strong opposition to this legislation. We are piecemealing destroying the government of the United States, including the defense and the ability to defend ourselves of this Nation.  While we would suggest today that we are solving the problems at the Department of Defense, I would ask the question: What about maintenance of the existing equipment needed for readiness? Not in here. What about procurement for new equipment that is being eaten up in Afghanistan? Not in here. What about research and development to keep technological superiority of our forces so we are never in a fair fight? Not in here. What about maintaining facilities where these personnel live, where they work, where they serve our Nation? Not in here. What about the commissaries? Not in here.  I recognize that yesterday in Europe the Army Chief of Staff said that this shutdown is impacting significantly day-to-day operations and forcing the military to cut training.  There was an additional announcement today by a particular company, Sikorsky, that said they have ``slowed production of the Blackhawk helicopter now that Federal contracting inspectors have left their posts on furlough because of the shutdown.'' The same Federal employees at Pratt & Whitney in East Hartford are also furloughed, delaying the delivery of engines and spare parts.  I reference the good chairman of the Subcommittee on Defense Appropriations, Mr. Rogers, who is chairman of Appropriations. About 2 weeks ago, I noted on this floor that in article 1, section 9, paragraph 7, it says:       No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in      consequence of appropriations made by law.  It doesn't say anything about partial, temporary continuing resolutions.  It is time that the Congress of the United States begins appropriating. I am here as an appropriator to talk about fiscal policy, but our process has been usurped by those who have a particular social agenda. It is called the Affordable Care Act.  I just want to reference two incidents that I have been involved in in the last 10 days, that I am appalled that we have shut the government down over this fight.  The first is a meeting I had with a constituent of mine in Merrillville, Indiana. The gentleman has worked hard all of his life as an independent contractor. Their family had insurance through his wife, who worked for a small medical practice that was purchased. She was relieved of her position not because she was a bad employee, but because of consolidation. Thereafter, of course, you know how this story turns out. She contracts cancer. My constituent is in my office in the last 2 weeks because they are foreclosing on his house because they are broke, and we are arguing about this.  But what infuriates me and profoundly disappoints me is I am getting on an elevator across this aisle at about 1 in the morning this Tuesday and one of my colleagues gets on that elevator and my colleague was gleeful, gleeful and happy and cheery, because my colleague had called their State exchange at 12:30 a.m. in the morning and for some reason no one answered the phone and the system didn't work. Why do you think people are calling that number? They need health insurance. Gleeful that government didn't work, and that is before we shut it down.  What have we come to here? We have the best country in the world. It is time we start running it again.  I am opposed to this piecemeal approach.  I reserve the balance of my time.  