Speaker, I would thank the fine gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) for securing the special order time this evening and join him in his special order concerning the patent bill that will be coming up later in the week.  I share his concern that this bill is not reform, and with what is happening across our country with the outsourcing of jobs, now is not the time to weaken U.S. patent protection, which is a constitutional protection going back to the founding of our Republic.  Congressman Rohrabacher has gone through a lot of the technicalities of what is involved in this bill that is coming before us. Let me just say that there was a magazine article published back in June by Manufacturing and Technology News in their June 29, 2007 issue. Viewers can go to www.manufacturingnews.com and pick it up. It was written by Dr. Pat Choate. What I find particularly compelling about this article is it gets into who actually is driving this bill and why is this bill coming at us, a bill that will weaken protections for U.S. inventors, or those that file in our country, at a time when we were hemorrhaging jobs, certainly in the manufacturing sector, but not just that sector, and at a time when our trade deficit is now close to $1 trillion a year, a time when our budget deficit and our trade deficit is so high that the Federal Reserve a week ago had to resort to creating money, printing money and shoving it into our financial system to try to prop it up.  What is happening? Why would this bill be coming up now? We know that the forces that are driving this bill are very large corporations, transnational corporations, the very ones that are moving our jobs offshore. And what they are about is that sometimes those very big companies get sued because they infringe on other people's patents. They then go to court and lose, and they are forced to pay fines. In response, because they don't like that, they are financing an expensive lobbying propaganda and legal campaign to weaken our patent laws.  They are using the wrong measure. What they should do is stop infringing on other people's patents and not try to change the whole patent system as a solution to their predicament. Let me just place a number on the record that is quoted in this article. And I don't know that the gentleman has done this yet this evening, but between 1993 and 2005, four of these big companies paid out more than $3.5 billion in patent settlements. But in the same period, their earnings were more than $1.4 trillion, making their patent settlements only about one-quarter of 1 percent of their revenues. Now they wish to reduce even those costs, not by changing their obviously unfair and often illegal business practices, but by persuading Congress and also the Supreme Court to weaken U.S. patent protections which have been guaranteed since the founding of the Republic. They have tried to convince Congress that there is some type of litigation crisis. As the gentleman has just properly outlined, there is no litigation crisis in the courts relating to patents.  