Speaker, I thank the distinguished Member from Virginia (Mr. Scott) for yielding me this time, and on behalf of the people of the State of Ohio and myself, the senior woman in this House, I would like to express deepest condolences to the people of the Commonwealth of Virginia on the passing of Jo Ann Davis, our very, very respected colleague, from this life.  To her husband, Chuck, to her two sons, to her granddaughter, we respected Jo Ann as a woman, as a Member, as a wife, as a mother, as a grandmother. We also respected her because she was an heroic Member of this Congress.  There are some people in life who teach us how to live, and then there are those rare few who teach us how to die. Jo Ann Davis was such an individual. She held herself with great courage.  As a woman, I might like to put on the Record that in the entire history of this institution there have been very few women that have actually served here. Out of a little over 11,000 Members of our Republic who have been elected to Congress, about 200 or so have been elected as women. And so we know that with every woman who is elected, a new page in history is written. It may seem easy, but it is very, very hard. Jo Ann Davis was a part of that new page in history of this Republic.  Others have stated, of course, she was the first Republican woman to have been elected from Virginia, and so we know in having met her, we met a pioneering woman, a woman who truly is a first. That took great stamina; it took rare courage and great perseverance.  She had other careers before she came here, as a Realtor, as a member of her own State legislature, and upon being elected here, she was then elected to some of the most weighty committees in this institution: to Defense, Foreign Affairs, Intelligence, always a woman who stood tall for those in the uniformed service of our country.  She had a warm and radiant smile, and she held herself erect and with a stalwart stance that revealed the strength of character that represented Jo Ann Davis' entire life. You knew she would meet all of life's challenges, and she did.  Her faith imbued her with that strength, and it also imbued the kindness that she demonstrated to every Member of this institution, a warm cordiality, and also in her closing days on Earth, great dignity in her heroic struggle.  It was my privilege to know her and to be allowed to serve with her during the years that she gave to the people of this great Republic.  May she rest in peace.  