Chairman, I thank my good friend from the great State of Michigan, the chairman of the committee, for yielding.  Unfortunately, I have to disagree with him on this bill and urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 1908 because we don't want to weaken the U.S. patent system. This is surely not the time with a trillion-dollar trade deficit to do more selling out of America and to try to harmonize our standards down to some of the worst intellectual property pirates like China.  This bill essentially makes it easier for infringers to steal U.S. inventions, and it is truly sad that we are only given a few seconds to talk about this. That alone should tell our colleagues, vote ``no,'' give us a chance to open this up and talk about how this is going to affect jobs in America.  This bill affects two-thirds to 80 percent of the asset value of all U.S. firms. Most industrial companies in this country oppose it. Over 200 organizations across this country oppose it, including the electronics industry, pharmaceuticals, small inventors, and universities. And, yet, we just get a few seconds here.  Let me tell you what is going on. Mr. Emanuel was down here earlier reading a list of the big semiconductor companies, the high-tech firms. This bill does heavily benefit them because they are some of the worst intellectual property infringers.  What this bill does is it supports those large transnational corporations that repeatedly infringe on the patents of others, and they are looking to reduce what they have to pay in the courts. Now, they have had to pay about $3.5 billion in fines over the last couple of years, and it was deserved. But that represents less than 1 percent of their revenues. What they are trying to do is use this bill to make it harder for small inventors and others to file.  What does this bill change? It says to an inventor, unlike since 1709 in this country, when we say if you are first to invent, that patent belongs to us, they want to change it to first-to-file. In other words, they can file it anywhere else in the world and someone else can take that and infringe on that invention. It is not first-invention anymore, it is first-to-file. Boy, there is a lot more to say and our time should not be squashed in this House on an issue of such vital importance to the industrial and the commercial base of this country.  