President, I would like to speak briefly about a particular Federal funding provision in the appropriations measure for the District of Columbia, which has been fully incorporated as part of this bill. The bill provides $33.2 million in Federal funds for the District of Columbia Resident Tuition Assistance Program, also known as DC TAG.  The District of Columbia Resident Tuition Assistance Program provides funds which allow eligible District students to attend out-of-State public colleges and universities at in-State tuition rates. It also provides stipends for District students to attend private Historically Black Colleges and Universities, HBCUs, across the country andprivate colleges in the District of Columbia metropolitan region.  I have had a long-standing interest in this program. I recall a meeting in my office in early 1999 with Donald Graham of The Washington Post. He was spearheading an effort to involve the Congress in creating and funding a program to work in tandem with a successful program that local business leaders established in the local schools to provide guidance to students exploring post-secondary educational opportunities. I was impressed with the concept and pledged to help get it done.  As ranking member of the District of Columbia oversight subcommittee, I worked closely with Senator Voinovich in shepherding through to enactment the legislation that initially established this program, the District of Columbia College Access Act of 1999. Then as subcommittee chairman in 2001, I worked to ensure that the District of Columbia College Access Improvement Act of 2002 to expand and strengthen the program was signed into law. More recently, I was an original cosponsor of bipartisan legislation last year to reauthorize the program.  This unique program has enjoyed remarkable success. District officials are to be commended for their efforts to quickly launch and implement the program within a short period following its authorization. The fact that the Federal funds have enabled over 8,000 District residents to achieve their dream of attending college at some institutions in 46 states is extraordinary.  Yet despite my long-standing, ongoing support for the TAG program and its continued viability, I do have significant concerns. These are not new.  First, this Program's source of revenue for its operation is strictly and wholly a Federal contribution. There are--and have been--no non-Federal funds invested in the Program. While the Mayor can be proud of how much it has accomplished in the past six years, there is no demonstrated financial commitment to it on the part of the local District government.  Secondly, in the past 2 fiscal years, this program has enjoyed a significant boost in annual funding. In FY 2005, the President requested $17 million, the equivalent level Congress provided in each of the previous five years. However, the District sought $25.6 million. The fact that the District at the time appeared to also have some $9 million in unspent reserve funds prompted me to amend the Senate bill in committee to provide for $21.2 million, with a directive that the District use the reserve funds to fully fund the program in fiscal year 2005 and work with the Senate and House authorizing and appropriations Committees to develop a plan involving Federal/non-Federal cost sharing for DC TAG for future fiscal years. The conference ultimately approved the full $25.6 million.  Now this year, the proposed funding level for fiscal year 2006 of $33.2 million represents a 30 percent increase over the $25.6 million allowed for fiscal year 2005, which itself represented a 52 percent hike over the $17 million appropriated for fiscal year 2004. In response to questions I raised seeking further explanation and justification for this increase, Mayor Anthony Williams sent me his written assurance that ``the last two years' requests for significant appropriations increase will not occur again.'' I ask unaminous consent that a copy of the Mayor's letter of July 20, 2005 be printed in the Record following my remarks.  