President, I have come to the floor to talk about Iraq as well. I come each and every week. The reason I came the first week was that back home in Illinois someone said: I watch a lot of C-SPAN. Why don't you talk about the war in Iraq? Why doesn't anybody come to the floor and talk about the men and women dying over there? Shouldn't that be brought up every day in the Senate--our sons and daughters, husbands and wives, the bravest and best are dying every day in Iraq?  I thought to myself: How can we be in the middle of a war and go about business as usual on Capitol Hill? We should be talking about this every single day because the war goes on every single day.  This morning, the Pentagon released these figures as of 10 o'clock: 1,942 Americans have been killed in Iraq; 14,902 have been wounded. I have been to these hospitals--Walter Reed, the veterans hospitals back in the Midwest--and I have seen these brave men and women who have come home wounded and, trust me, many of those wounds are extremely serious. They have come home with amputations, serious head injuries, and psychological scars.  Since the Iraqi elections last January, which were greeted by all of us with a great deal of praise for the bravery of the Iraqi people, since those elections took place, 507 of these American soldiers have died, 507 funerals in America. The numbers keep climbing. Some days it is one at a time. Other terrible days it is five or six. Mr. President, 1,942 Americans killed in Iraq; almost 15,000 wounded.  So I will keep coming to the floor to address this issue, to make sure we never forget these men and women and the sacrifice that they, their families, and people who love them make every single day.  I don't want to pretend for a moment this was brought up to me over the weekend. I don't want to pretend for a moment this is the only death and suffering in Iraq. There are innocent Iraqi people who die every day as well. We cannot even put a number on it. I said to my staff: Go to the United Nations, go to the Red Cross, go to some group and tell me how many Iraqis have died since our invasion of Iraq.  They cannot come up with a number. Some estimates are very different. The Brookings Institution, which is recognized as a nonpartisan research organization, puts the estimate between 14,000 and 24,000 Iraqis who have been killed since the start of the war. Others have estimates that go much higher. We don't know. We don't know how many innocent people have died as a result of this war or how many died because of criminal violence.  Iraqis still die every day. Just this last week, we had three coordinated car suicide bombs that went off in a single marketplace. You have seen thephotos. You have seen the people, crushed with grief--the mothers, the friends, and fathers, standing next to the mutilated corpses of these victims. These bombs that were detonated recently were staggered to explode at different times so they killed as many innocent people as possible. This is a tactic we have seen over and over again in Israel. Now it has come to pass in Iraq on a regular basis. It is despicable, it is depraved conduct. It is an example of inhumane cruelty.  These attacks on American soldiers and on the innocent Iraqis underline the importance of our mission there and the need for us to be prepared to bring this to the right conclusion. We need to have better training and equipment of the Iraqi security forces and Iraqi police. They must not only have the capability to defend themselves, they must have the will to defend themselves.  Last week, General Abizaid, Commander of the Central Command, and General Casey, Commander of United States and coalition forces in Iraq, testified before Congress. They disclosed a piece of information that had been classified for a long period of time, but they finally brought it out to the American people, and we can speak to it on the floor. It is a piece of information we have known from our classified briefings for some time, and it is this: Of over 100 battalions of Iraqi Army forces in existence today in Iraq, exactly 1 battalion is ready to fight independently--1 out of over 100. That is an incredible number. Billions of dollars that we put in there, promises to the American people that Iraqi soldiers will stand and fight so our soldiers can come home, and as of last week, these two generals testified in open session that one battalion is combat ready as an independent force.  President Bush has said over and over: As Iraqi forces stand up, we will stand down. There is only one Iraqi battalion. That is about 1,000 soldiers. Only 1 battalion standing up; 146,000 American soldiers standing up. They are trying to bring peace to a country that is obviously not ready to defend itself and may not be for a long time.  Many Members on this side of the aisle and the other side are stating very clearly that we need assessments, not platitudes, when it comes to the situation in Iraq. We need to know how many Iraqi forces must be trained so we can start bringing home American troops. We need to know when this administration expects we will reach that number. The fact is over the last 6 months, despite all the promises that have been made, still only one battalion is ready to fight, and the American people need to know the cost, not just in these graphic human terms, but in terms of dollars being spent: $5 billion a month in Iraq. We appropriated $18 billion for the reconstruction of war-torn Iraq, and I remind my colleagues that when we debated that, I don't recall a single Senator coming to the floor and saying: We have to cut spending in some other area before we rebuild Iraq. No, they save that argument for the rebuilding of America after Hurricane Katrina. But we put the $18 billion in place.  Yet when you read the press accounts of the average families in Iraq today, they tell you that life is so much worse than it was a few years ago--no electricity, no sewage, no regular water, no security on the streets, fears that their children will be kidnapped on the way to school. They are trying to leave if they can find a way out. That is the real situation in Iraq on the ground today despite the heroic efforts of our men and women in uniform. Our men and women in uniform have not failed; the political leaders have failed--failed to come up with a plan which said after Saddam Hussein is gone, this is how we will end this war. Sadly, we were not prepared to answer that question, and our soldiers have paid the price.  I am told the President this week will be giving a speech to America about Iraq. It is time for some answers, specific answers, and it is time for accountability. Let's get beyond the generalities. We are talking about real human lives--our sons and daughters--and we need specific answers.  I respectfully suggest the President ought to address four issues: First, how many Iraqi forces must be capable of operating on their own before we can start bringing American soldiers back home, and how soon will we reach those goals?  Second, what specific measures will the Bush administration take before and after the October 15 constitutional referendum to forge the necessary political consensus and reconcile the growing sectarian and religious differences?  Three, what efforts has President Bush made or will he make to bring in broader international support? The coalition of the willing has been shrinking ever since the invasion of Iraq. It is American soldiers and some British soldiers and a few others willing to stand and fight and secure this country. What is this administration doing, if anything, to bring in Muslim forces so we can blunt the criticism that we are somehow a force of occupation, unwelcome in this Muslim country?  Fourth, how should the American people assess the progress in reconstructing Iraq? What are the tangible results of the billions of dollars American taxpayers have provided for Iraq? How is this money being accounted for?  I made the point earlier to the Senator from Oklahoma that we have yet to have a serious oversight hearing about the no-bid contracts in Iraq. Haliburton, all of the names we have heard over and over again, multimillion and billion-dollar contracts, and we won't even ask the hard questions as to whether the money is being well spent. We are shirking our responsibility, our congressional oversight responsibility.  I hope the President goes beyond generalities in his speech. Let's get down to specifics. Let's say to the American people and the soldiers they love: This is our plan for bringing our troops home from Iraq.  I hope this speech is an announcement that we have a new strategy, a strategy for success, a strategy for our soldiers to come home. Staying the course is not a new strategy. I hope on Thursday the President speaks truth to the American people. I hope he offers honest and realistic assessments of what we face.  On October 15, the people of Iraq will vote on a constitution. If it passes, there will be parliamentary elections in December. If it is rejected, the constitutional process will start all over again in December.  There is a lot of speculation about what might happen. A constitution alone is not going to stop the violence, but if the constitution can lead to a unified country or the notion of nationhood making any sense, then that constitution is a step in the right direction.  Sadly, this nation of Iraq is a nation of many different groups who have yet to show us they can come together, and until they do, it is unlikely we can bring our troops home.  There were 23 of us in the Senate who voted against the use-of-force resolution; 23 of us--1 Republican and 22 Democrats who had serious questions about this decision by this administration to invade Iraq. Many of us felt we needed a broader alliance. Many of us felt the information given to the American people prior to the invasion was misleading about weapons of mass destruction, nuclear threats, and alliances with al-Qaida.  Sadly, in the 3 years since, we found that information was just plain wrong. Information given to the American people to ask them to give their sons and daughters in combat was just plain wrong. And here we stand today.  Iraq is a diverse place. The war has made the differences among religious and ethnic groups so much more than they were even before our invasion. To add to these internal tensions, I know there are many neighbors of Iraq who don't want to see that nation succeed. It is a mean neighborhood, no question. Syria, Iran, and others clearly are fomenting trouble, making a terrible situation even worse.  The enemies of Iraqi progress in unity would like to see this division and chaos continue. The Sunnis, the Shi'as, the Kurds, and 24 other recognized groups have the future of Iraq in their hands. The question is whether they believe they have the possibility of becoming a nation and defending themselves.  Many Sunnis did not participate in the last election to choose those who wrote the constitution. We have been told as late as today that they are rewriting the constitution 10 days before the election in the hopes of winning Sunni support.  It is hard to believe this is going to result in what we hope for, but I pray it will. A stable Iraq, moving forward, controlling its own destiny, is the best thing for that country and the best thing for America.  There are a lot of reasons why the Sunnis oppose the constitution. They represent 20 percent of the population, but they represent about 90 percent of these insurgents who are causing these attacks every day, killing innocent Iraqis and our men and women in uniform. Most Sunnis are not insurgents; they are peace-loving people. But they are being overrun by forces they cannot control.  There is a fight over oil. The oil is primarily in Shi'a and Kurdish territory. The Sunnis resent that fact. They want to make certain the riches of that country are shared.  The constitution postpones a lot of critical decisions to a later date, but this constitution is the fundamental underlying law that could guide Iraq in its future.  I am told that when we take a look at the militias and forces in Iraq, we find they are basically split into different factions. Only one battalion combines Iraqis. The others are Kurdish battalions and Shi'a battalions and Sunni battalions. It does not give a positive feeling about this nation moving forward toward one common country.  I hope we can see the changes that are being proposed in this constitution result in its passage and support by all of the different forces that can make Iraq a nation on its own feet.  Secretary of State Colin Powell told President Bush before the war: You break it, you buy it. That is not entirely true. We may well have broken Iraq from what it once was, but we cannot and do not own it. We are unwelcome tenants at this moment in that country, but we need to start thinking about when we will return, and we need to have the hope and the aspirations of the people of Iraq in our minds and be prepared to accept them.  President Bush has a chance tomorrow to tell us that there is a new course, a course that will stop the killing of innocent American soldiers, a course which will avoid those who are wounded and suffering as a result of this war in Iraq, and a course which will bring to an end quickly the insurgency which kills so many innocent Iraqis.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coburn). The Senator from Alaska.  