President, my staff contacted me to alert me that several of my colleagues had come to the Senate floor to address statements that I made on the floor on June 14, 2005. Those statements related to the treatment of prisoners at Guantanamo. The statement I made involved an FBI report, a report which has been uncontroverted and one which I read into the Record in its entirety. I said at the beginning when I read it into the Record that I did so with some hesitation because it was so graphic in its nature, but I felt that in fairness, so that the record would be complete, I had to read it.  Because there have been allusions made to statements made by me, I believe it is appropriate to read it again so that my colleagues who may not have reflected on it will have a chance to do so. Let me read this report from an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation about the treatment of a prisoner at Guantanamo Bay. I hope my colleagues from Kentucky, Virginia, and other States who are following this debate will listen to this and then listen to what I said in the Record afterwards so they understand the context of my remark. It has been nothing short of amazing what some elements of media have done with this remark and what some of my colleagues have drawn from this remark today. So I want to read it in its entirety, if my colleagues have not, and I want them to hear it in its entirety before they reach conclusions as to what was intended.  I quote from the Record of June 14, 2005, page S6594 of the Congressional Record:       When you read some of the graphic descriptions of what has      occurred here--I almost hesitate to put them in the      Record, and yet they have to be added to this debate. Let      me read to you what one FBI agent saw. And I quote from      his report.  This is a quote:       On a couple of occasions--  Let me underline that, on a couple of occasions--       I entered interview rooms to find a detainee chained hand      and foot in a fetal position to the floor, with no chair,      food or water. Most times they urinated or defecated on      themselves, and had been left there for 18-24 hours or more.      On one occasion, the air conditioning had been turned down so      far and the temperature was so cold in the room, that the      barefooted detainee was shaking with cold. . . . On another      occasion, the [air conditioner] had been turned off, making      the temperature in the unventilated room well over 100      degrees. The detainee was almost unconscious on the floor,      with a pile of hair next to him. He had apparently been      literally pulling his hair out throughout the night. On      another occasion, not only was the temperature unbearably      hot, but extremely loud rap music was being played in the      room, and had been since the day before, with the detainee      chained hand and foot in the fetal position on the tile      floor.  And then I said:       If I read this to you and did not tell you that it was an      FBI agent describing what Americans had done to prisoners in      their control, you would most certainly believe this must      have been done by Nazis, Soviets in their gulags, or some mad      regime--Pol Pot or others--that had no concern for human      beings. Sadly, that is not the case. This was the action of      Americans in the treatment of their prisoners.  I have heard my colleagues and others in the press suggest that I have said our soldiers could be compared to Nazis. I would say to the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, I do not even know whether the interrogator involved was an American soldier. I did not say that at any point. To suggest that I am criticizing American servicemen--I am not. I do not know who was responsible for this, but the FBI agent made this report. To suggest that I was attributing all of the sins and all the horrors and barbarism of Nazi Germany or the Soviet Republic or Pol Pot to Americans is totally unfair. I was attributing this form of interrogation to repressive regimes such as those that I noted.  I honestly believe that the Senator from Virginia, whom I respect very much, would have to say, if this, indeed, occurred, it does not represent American values. It does not represent what our country stands for. It is not the sort of conduct we would ever condone. I would hope the Senator from Virginia would agree with that. That was the point I was making.  Now, sadly, we have a situation where some in the rightwing media have said that I have been insulting men and women in uniform. Nothing could be further from the truth. I respect our men and women in uniform. I have spent many hours, as I am sure the Senator from Virginia has, at funerals of the servicemen who have been returned from Iraq and Afghanistan, writing notes to their families, and calling them personally. It breaks my heart every day to pick up the newspaper and hear of another death. The total this morning is 1,710. To suggest that this is somehow an insult to the men and women serving in uniform--nothing could be further from the truth.  It is no credit to them or to our Nation for this sort of conduct to occur or for us to ignore it or in any way, shape, or form to condone it. And understand why we are in this situation. We had a rule of law. We had agreed to the Geneva Conventions. We had agreed to policies relative to torture of prisoners. They were the law of the land. The Bush administration came in after 9/11 and said: We are going to rewrite the rules.  Secretary Rumsfeld, to whom the Senator referred, who visits his office, was party to that conversation about how we were going to treat prisoners differently. When the suggestion was made to this administration to change the rules on interrogation of prisoners, the strongest and loudest dissenter was the Secretary of State Colin Powell, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who came to this administration and said: This is a mistake, to change the rules of interrogation.  Why? Because, he said, when you torture a prisoner you will not get good information. They will say anything to stop the torture. And, second, he said, if we change the rules at this point in our history, sadly it is going to just give solace to our enemy, give them encouragement that somehow the United States is backing away from its traditional values.  Those are not my words. They are a characterization of the words of one of the highest ranking members of the Bush Cabinet, former Secretary of State Colin Powell.  Unfortunately, he was right. That decision by the Bush administration, with the support of Secretary Rumsfeld, led us down a road. I hope that that road does not include any more incidents than the one that has been described here. But to say that the interrogation techniques here are the kind you would expect from a repressive regime, I do not believe is an exaggeration. They certainly do not represent the values of America. They do not represent what you risked your life for, Senator, when you put the uniform on and served our country or when you served as Secretary of the Navy or in your service in the Senate. That doesn't represent the values that you stood for or that any of us should stand for.  That was the point I was making. To say that by drawing any kind of comparison to this outrageous interrogation technique and using the words ``Nazi'' or ``Soviets'' is to demean or diminish all of the horrors created by those regimes is just plain wrong.  I have seen firsthand, as you have too, people who survived that Holocaust. I have visited Yad Vashem, the tribute to the people who died in the Holocaust. I understand that the millions of innocent people killed there far exceed the horror that occurred in Guantanamo. But when you talk about repressive regimes doing things that in history look so bad, I am afraid that this that I described to you falls closer to that category.  