 Madam President, I want to raise this point: If you can't discuss the issue of intelligence and security on a bill about homeland security, where would you raise the issue? What we are talking about here are men and women who are the first line of defense against terrorism. These are intelligence agents who literally, many of them, risk their lives every day to protect Americans.  What happened here? There was a decision made by some people in the White House--that is what Mr. Novak said--to disclose the identity of a covert CIA agent, the wife of former Ambassador Joe Wilson, for the purpose of political retribution. That is what it was all about. They were angry with Ambassador Wilson, and so they were going to disclose his wife's identity, a woman who had put her life on the line for the United States. That disclosure endangered her life and the lives of everyone she worked with. It was political.  The Senator from Minnesota is right. At the heart of this is politics: a decision by someone in the White House at the highest level for political revenge to go after the identity of this woman.  Let me tell you what other CIA officers had to say about it. They all happen to be Republicans. After this happened, this is what they said, those who were contemporaries of hers:       My classmates and I have been betrayed. Together, we have      kept the secret of each other's identities for over 18 years.      . . . This issue is not just about a blown cover. It is about      the destruction of the very essence, the core, of human      intelligence collection activities--plausible deniability--     apparently for partisan domestic reasons.  We have heard people come to the floor on the Republican side who have said this is all political and it is not that important and why don't we get back to the bill. It is important. What Senator Reid has offered--an amendment which I am proud to cosponsor--basically says, if you disclose the identity of a covert CIA agent, you lose your security clearance. Why? Because why should we continue to give information to people about those who are risking their lives for America if they are going to misuse it, in this case, for political purposes? That is what this is all about. It is fundamental and basic.  For those who say: I am going to vote against that, think about what you are saying. You are saying a person can disclose the identity of a CIA agent and still keep their security clearance, gathering more information and the identity of more agents. How can that give the men and women in our intelligence community any confidence that we stand behind them? I don't believe it can.  There is a second-degree amendment that has been offered and referred to by the Senator from Kentucky. In the time I have been on Capitol Hill, it may be the worst drawn amendment I have ever seen. I don't think those who put it together sat down and read it very carefully. Because if they did, they would understand that the language they put in it is so broad and so expansive that it draws together many innocent people and many people they didn't intend.  Listen to this: Any Federal officerholder who makes reference to a classified Federal Bureau of Investigation report on the floor of the Senate shall lose their security clearance.  We did a quick check. I am sorry to say to the Senator from Kentucky, you are going to be stunned to know that many chairmen and former chairmen of the Senate Judiciary Committee have done just that. They have disclosed a classified reference to a classified Federal Bureau of Investigation report on the floor of the Senate. I won't read all the names of my colleagues into the Record--I guess I could--who have come to the floor and have already violated this provision in the second-degree amendment.  One of my colleagues was on the floor. I went to him and said: I am not going to read your name into the Record. You did it. You may not have known you did it, but you did.  This amendment was so poorly drafted that it has brought all of them under this prohibition where they can't have a security clearance.  Let me tell you the second part on which the Senator from Kentucky continues to make reference. If the standard is, whatever we say on the floor may be used by an organization such as Al-Jazeera against the United States, we are in trouble. These are the clippings from Al-Jazeera's Internet site where they have cited Senator after Senator for things they have said on the floor. Be careful on the second-degree amendment. It goes far beyond what they intended.  