President, the Scientific Advisory Committee system at the Food and Drug Administration is meant to provide the Agency with unbiased, independent, professional advice on the safety and efficacy of drugs, devices, biologics, food, and veterinary medicine.  To protect the objectivity and the integrity of advisory committees, members have long been subject to a number of conflict of interest laws and regulations. Unfortunately, the Food and Drug Administration has routinely granted waivers to scientists with financial ties to the manufacture of the products under consideration or their competitors. These waivers can compromise the integrity of this important advisory process. Let me give one example.  The February 2005 advisory panel considering whether painkillers, Celebrex, Bextra, and Vioxx, could safely be marketed to the public included 10 scientists who were granted conflict of interest waivers. Ten of the thirty-two members--that is 31 percent--consulted for or received research support from Pfizer, which makes Celebrex and Bextra; and Merck, which makes Vioxx; or Novartis, which is seeking approval for a similar painkiller.  Had the votes of those 10 scientists been excluded, the panel would have favored withdrawing Bextra from the market and blocking the return of Vioxx.  As the New York Times pointed out in a March editorial:       Unless the FDA makes a more aggressive effort to find      unbiased experts or medical researchers start severing their      ties with the industry, a whiff of bias may taint the      verdicts of many advisory panels.  I, along with two of my colleagues, Senators Enzi and Kennedy, have offered this amendment to the Agriculture appropriations bill, a bill which funds the Food and Drug Administration. It will increase the transparency of the process. It will ensure the FDA has searched for experts without conflicts of interest.  Specifically, our amendment requires the FDA to disclose any conflict of interest waivers on their Web site 15 days prior to the meeting of the advisory committee. They must detail the nature of the conflict of interest and the rationale for the waiver.  The amendment also requires the FDA to send a report to the Health and Human Services inspector general after each new advisory committee is convened. The report must detail the steps the FDA took to find scientists who were free from conflicts.  Finally, Senators Enzi, Kennedy, and I will request that the Government Accountability Office conduct an in-depth study of the waiver process and provide recommendations on how it can be improved.  My amendment will increase the transparency of the waiver process and require the FDA to report to a third party about their efforts to identify scientists without conflicts. I think this will create a powerful incentive for the FDA to find more scientists without the potential for bias.  Let me close by saying that, over the years, it has been my good fortune to work with this important agency, the Food and Drug Administration. The American people don't know how much we rely on this tiny agency to decide that what is sold to us in drug stores and other places in our daily lives must be safe and they must be effective as advertised. It is an arduous and important process, and they get it right so often, but occasionally they do not. We have to make certain that we try to take out of this decision process any question that would be raised about the integrity of the Agency or the means they are using to reach their conclusions. I hope this amendment moves us in that direction.  I yield the floor.  