President, I rise today in support of the Shelby-Sarbanes transit amendment. This amendment increases transit security funding by $1.1 billion. It is endorsed by both the Chicago Transit Authority and Metra, the commuter rail agency serving Chicago and all of northeastern Illinois.  The amendment would provide $790 million for public transportation agencies for capital security improvements, $333 million for operational security improvements, and $43 million for grants to public or private entities to conduct research on terrorist prevention technologies. This money would be doled out to agencies based on risk.  The amendment seeks the funding needed to fund a bill passed by the Senate in 2004 known as the Public Transportation Terrorism Prevention Act.  After the London bombing last week, we became acutely aware of how vulnerable our transit systems are in this country, although some of us have been concerned about these problems for years.  Since the London bombing, transit systems across the Nation have been upgraded to an Orange Alert level, meaning more canine patrols, deployment of explosive detection devices, increased security guard patrols, and increased customer assistance. A significant amount of this has been borne by State and local governments.  I was disappointed today to hear about Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoffs remarks that State and local governments should bear much of the burden of protecting transit systems. A bomb in a subway, he says, may kill 30 people, while a fully loaded airplane may kill 3,000 people.  This argument is misleading. A well-orchestrated, multipronged attack on one of Metra's largest trains, which carry up to 1,600 passengers or the equivalent of three fully loaded Boeing 747 aircraft, could produce a similar body count.  I am sure the families of the 50 victims of the London attacks don't think the lives of their loved ones were any less important than those of people who have been killed on airplanes.  Transit systems are an accident waiting to happen. They are a vulnerability we have ignored for far too long, and the terrorists know it.  The Federal Government has a responsibility to protect trains as well as airplanes, for the public good, and it needs to take responsibility.  For CTA, this increased security is costing an estimated extra $60,000 a day, on top of an already massive increase in security spending borne since September 11.  Metra has diverted millions of dollars in funds for police overtime pay, extra outside security police, and bomb-sniffing dogs.  Our rail system covers approximately 16,000 acres, carrying 500 freight and 700 commuter trains each day. More than 2 million passengers travel to or from Chicago on Amtrak, and Chicago's transit systems take 73 million local passenger trips a year. These people and this cargo needs to be secure.  Despite these facts, and other impressive statistics from New York, New Jersey, California, and elsewhere where rail and transit systems are relied on heavily, in the President's budget proposal, nearly 90 percent of Federal transportation security funds have been directed to aviation security. While I don't want to take away from the importance of aviation security improvements, this amendment attempts to diminish that inequity.  In this bill before us, the committee proposes only $100 million for intercity passenger rail transportation, freight rail, and transit security grants. This is one-third less than we appropriated last year and hundreds of millions less than the Senate has authorized for these programs over the years.  While the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire, chairman of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, will offer an amendment to boost this funding by an additional $100 million, there are two things wrong with this approach. One, he takes it away from State and local grants. And two, $100 million is not enough, given the risks.  He will talk about the need for fiscal discipline; he will talk about this amendment and other important rail security amendments as busting the budget, but it is a question of priorities. We are busting the budget every day for the priorities of tax cuts and funding the war in Iraq.  Transit operators must take effective steps to reduce the risk of terrorist attack. And they need help to do it. State and local governments are investing their own time and money, and the Federal Government should respond.  We should not wait for terrorists to attack a U.S. transit system to react. We need to take action now.  