President, this morning, Senator Gordon Smith came to the floor. He is a close friend. He made a statement relative to something I said on the floor yesterday about the nomination of Priscilla Owen. I am flattered he was listening, or that someone was listening.  I am afraid what he said about my remarks was not completely accurate. Senator Smith made the following statement:       As I understood the assistant Democratic leader, he was      saying that Judge Owen's membership in the Federalist Society      should disqualify her.  Well, this is about the nomination of Priscilla Owen from Texas. I made the point of how interesting it was that while very few lawyers in America belong to the Federalist Society--maybe 1 percent--it turns out that about a third of President Bush's nominees belong to this Federalist Society. I referred to it as the ``secret handshake'' at the White House and that, if you belong, you have a much better chance to become a judge.  I also made a point of the fact that when we ask nominees what the Federalist Society is and why do you belong, we get the craziest answers you can imagine. There was a law professor from Georgetown, Viet Dinh, a nice man who worked for the Department of Justice, and I said to him, ``What is the Federalist Society? Why is it so many Bush nominees belong to it?'' ``Oh,'' he said, ``it is an excuse to have lunch in Chinatown once a month. We go there and somebody talks to us and we eat and come back to school.'' And I would ask others, ``What is it all about?''  With the exception of Senator Orrin Hatch, who I believe was on the board, or may still be on the board of the Federalist Society, almost nobody will talk publicly about who they are and what they believe.  That was the point I was making. This curious, semisecret society is so quickly disavowed by its members whenever you ask a public question about it. Yet it appears to be one of the most important things you can add to your resume if you want to be a judge from the Bush administration.  And Priscilla Owen of Texas--surprise, surprise--is a member and officer of the Federalist Society. I do not think she should be disqualified because of that. There is nothing illegal about it. I do not know what the philosophy is other than what they state on their Web site. It is very conservative. It thinks that liberals are ruining the world. It goes on and on.  I am not saying that if you belong to that you should not be qualified to serve on the bench. That is not the point. But when I asked someone such as Priscilla Owen, a supreme court justice from Texas whose time must be very precious, why she took the time to join this organization and she cannot or will not answer it, I think it is important.  I voted to confirm the vast majority of President Bush's nominees and a lot of Federalist Society members, so I am not blackballing or disqualifying them. I know it is an ultraconservative society, whatever it is, and I know that so many people are afraid to even acknowledge they are members when it is brought to public attention.  I think their views are extreme and off base, from my point of view. I think their views are extreme and off base when we look at mainstream America. How can you say, as they do, that the legal profession is strongly dominatedby a form of orthodox liberal ideology? Look at the 13 Federal courts of appeal and you find 10 of those Federal courts of appeal in America dominated by Republican-appointed judges. Liberal ideology? How can you say the legal profession is strongly dominated by a form of orthodox liberal ideology when seven out of the nine members of the U.S. Supreme Court were appointed by Republican Presidents?  So what I said about Justice Owen is that her conservative ideology is demonstrated by her membership in the Federalist Society. However, the best documentation on her ideology is her own track record as a judge. So I say to Senator Smith, no, it does not disqualify Priscilla Owen, but it is curious to me why this supreme court justice had the time to pay the dues and join an organization which she just cannot remember what they believe in. I think there is more to it.  Senator Kyl of Arizona also came to the Senate floor. He said something I would like to address. He charged that President Bush has only had 67 percent of his circuit court nominees confirmed, and that this is an alltime low, according to Senator Kyl. I do not know if it is true or not. I do not have the data going back all the way in time. But I know this: If the Republican leadership had taken me up on my offer this morning and they had confirmed the four circuit court nominees I asked unanimous consent to bring up for a vote, President Bush's circuit court success rate would be 75 percent. But I was reminded by the Republican leader--in this case the Republican whip, Senator McConnell--that there is just no time in the schedule to bring up more of President Bush's circuit court nominees.  Curious, isn't it? This whole debate, this constitutional confrontation is all about whether President Bush is getting enough nominees. I came to the floor this morning and said: Here are four we can take right now, confirm on a bipartisan basis, and get it done before lunchtime. Senator McConnell of Kentucky said we are much too busy to deal with approving judges on a bipartisan basis. Instead, we are focused on one judge, already rejected by the Senate, who may precipitate a constitutional confrontation here on the floor of the Senate.  Incidentally, President Clinton's circuit court success rate when the Republicans were in control of the Senate: 71 percent. So if President Bush had these four nominees and hit 75 percent, he has already passed the success rate of President Clinton during his tenure in office.  So there is no vacancy crisis here, and they are trying to manufacture it, they are trying to suggest that President Bush is being mistreated, and yet the same Republican leadership that talks about mistreatment could not take the time--namely, an hour or two--to pick up four circuit court nominees who are standing waiting for approval. Democrats are prepared to approve. Of course, that would destroy the argument that somehow we are obstructionist.  I was involved in the debate yesterday when Senate majority leader Bill Frist came to the floor and said:       I rise today as leader of the majority party of the Senate,      but I do not rise for party, I rise for principle. I rise for      the principle that judicial nominees with the support of a      majority of Senators deserve an up-or-down vote on this      floor.  Moments later, Senator Schumer of New York asked Senator Frist a simple, pointed question: Is it correct that on March 8, 2000, Senator Frist, the Republican majority leader, voted to uphold the filibuster on a Democratic nominee, Richard Paez? Here is Senator Frist's reply:       The issue is we have leadership-led partisan filibusters      that have obstructed not 1 nominee but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,      9, 10 in a routine way. The issue is not cloture votes per      say, it's the partisan leadership led use of cloture votes to      kill, to defeat, to assassinate these nominees. That's the      difference.  I spoke yesterday on the floor afterwards about Senator Frist's poor choice of words. I said then, and I will say now, he is a man with a good heart. He cares for people. He is a doctor who has saved lives. He is a transplant surgeon, well recognized in his profession as a very accomplished doctor. In his spare time he goes to help the poorest people of the world. So I do not question that he is a man with a good heart. That was never part of it.  I was concerned with his choice of words. It was a very bad day to use the words ``to assassinate nominees.'' Just minutes before, Joan Lefkow of Chicago had been to the Senate Judiciary Committee testifying in very emotional testimony about her own family being attacked in their home and her husband and mother losing their lives.  I do not want to belabor this point. Let me just say, let's be careful with the language we use on the floor when it relates to judges. I do wish to talk about the rest of Senator Frist's statement, not that particular section.  He admitted in the course of what he said that ``the issue is not cloture votes per se,'' it is not filibusters, per se. And we know from his own actions that the majority leader does not believe that every judicial nominee with majority support deserves an up-or-down vote because he, in fact, on March 8, 2000, voted to support a filibuster. In other words, the thing that he is condemning when it comes to Priscilla Owen is exactly what he did on March 8, 2000--supporting a filibuster against a nominee, Richard Paez. I do not understand that. I cannot understand how he can condemn that today, having done it himself a short time ago.  It turns out that it is a very specific type of filibuster to which Senator Frist objects--in his words, a leadership-led use of cloture votes. I can see why the majority leader was such a good surgeon. He has taken the scalpel to the filibusters and decided which filibusters are OK and which are not. That really destroys the whole argument that this is all about an up-or-down-majority vote.  Senator Frist voted to deny Richard Paez an up-or-down-majority vote. Now he says we need to change a 200-year tradition in the Senate so that no one can ever do the same thing he did to Richard Paez. This is an unusual principle to try to follow. It is, in fact, creating a constitutional confrontation over something that is very contradictory on its face.  I believe filibusters are constitutional. They are certainly allowed under the Senate rules. And when we get to the question of motives behind them, I really think that the Republicans, the majority has to dig very deep in order to find an argument to make against the practice we have used and others have used throughout the history of the Senate.  In addition, yesterday morning, before Senator Frist moved to bring up the nomination of Priscilla Owen, Senator Reid asked the majority leader whether it would not make more sense for the Senate to move instead to consider four other nominees about whom there is little controversy. Senator Frist refused yesterday, as Senator McConnell refused today. So for 2 straight days, the Republicans have had a chance to pick up four circuit court nominees to fill vacancies, to give the President a higher success rate in filling vacancies on these courts than President Clinton, and they have refused; they said we are much too busy. We have to spend time here destroying a precedent in the Senate. We have to reach the point when we can count on Vice President Cheney to come to the Senate, to sit in that chair and, when asked, give the right answer so they can wipe away with one ruling by Vice President Cheney a rule that has been in place for over 200 years.  Senator Leahy asked if we could consider a nominee from Utah, who would have likely won confirmation easily yesterday. Senator Frist refused. He insisted on bringing up this nomination of Priscilla Owen, one of the most controversial judicial nominees in recent memory, someone who has already been rejected by the Senate.  Why would the majority leader flatly refuse every effort to find a way out of this crisis? I don't know. It is possible he is still taking advice from people who should not be trusted for advice. I don't know if the name Manny Miranda rings a bell, but it should. From the spring of 2002 until April 2003, Mr. Miranda was working for the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Orrin Hatch, and then for majority leader Bill Frist.  Mr. Miranda and other Republican staff hacked into the committee's computers and systematically stole thousands of documents, including confidential memos between Democratic Senators and their staff. I know. I was the biggest target of Mr. Miranda.  I discovered it when the Wall Street Journal published an editorial and quoted extensively from a staff memo in my office. And I said as soon as I read it: Somebody stole this memo. There is no way the newspaper would have a copy of an obscure memo and build an editorial around it.  After some investigation, we learned that in fact Mr. Miranda was behind it.  Let me tell you what then-chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Orrin Hatch, said. I quote him directly:       I am mortified that this improper, unethical and simply      unacceptable breach of confidential files may have occurred      on my watch.  At which point Senator Hatch asked the Senate Sergeant at Arms to conduct an investigation. Mr. Miranda was forced to resign from the Senate staff in disgrace. The findings of the Sergeant at Arms investigation were referred to the Justice Department, which then assigned a special prosecutor to the case.  Two years later, with the case still unresolved and finished, it appears Mr. Miranda is back. According to news reports, he is now helping to lead the nuclear option fight from outside the Senate. Yesterday, Mr. Miranda sent an e-mail to allies of Senator Frist, demanding, ``a straightforward rallying cry: NO DEALS, VOTE PRINCIPLE'' and ``NO UNPRINCIPLED COMPROMISES.''  So here we have a former aide to Senator Frist, a person who, according to the investigation, broke into Senate computers. He is now in charge of rallying the troops on the conservative side. He is the cheerleader for the nuclear option. And he is demanding that Senator Frist and other Republicans break the Senate rules to give extremist judges lifetime appointments.  I do not quite understand this. I commend Senator Hatch for the investigation. I commend Senator Frist for the investigation. They knew as we knew that something wrong, probably criminal, had occurred, and they went forward with an honest investigation. When this man resigned in disgrace you would think that would be the end of his role on Capitol Hill, but now he has returned as a cheerleader for the cause of the nuclear option.  It is hard to keep track of some of these players without a scorecard. But keep track of Mr. Miranda. He will undoubtedly pop up again.  There is another thing that should be addressed. Senator Frist has given his word in writing that he will not seek to eliminate the filibuster when it comes to legislation--just judicial nominees, Senator Frist said. But he also said he is leaving the Senate at the end of next year. He has voluntarily, on his own, decided to limit the terms that he would serve.  So the next majority leader, Republican or Democrat is not obliged to take any promise Senator Frist might make. The truth is, if this Senate, for the first time in history, rejects the principle of extended debate, there is no guarantee that the damage of the nuclear option will not spread. In his opening remarks yesterday Senator Frist said if Republicans would vote the nuclear option, Democrats ``will retaliate.''       They will obstruct the Senate's other business. They will      obstruct the people's business. They will hold back our      agenda to move America forward. An energy strategy to reduce      our dependence on foreign oil, held back; an end to the      medical lawsuit abuse to reduce the cost of health care, held      back; a simpler, fair Tax Code to create jobs and to      encourage economic growth, held back.  Supporters of the nuclear option say they only want to eliminate the filibuster for judicial nominees. It doesn't take much imagination to consider the possibility of a majority leader in the future saying, with gas prices at an all-time high, America just cannot afford an extended debate on an energy bill.  If we eliminate extended debate for judges who serve for life, why would we preserve unlimited debate on the nominations of Cabinet Secretaries who leave office with the President who appoints them? Or on laws that can be reversed by the next Congress?  The truth is, this line in the sand will disappear with the next wave. This is not about principle. It is about politics.  Many special interest groups have made it clear they are going to fight anyone who tries to eliminate the filibuster over legislation. To quote the conservative columnist, George Will:       It is a short slide down a slippery slope from the      postulated illegitimacy of filibustering judicial nominees to      the illegitimacy of filibustering any sort of nominee to the      illegitimacy of filibusters generally. That is not a position      conservatives should promote.  Quote from George Will, the grand guru of the conservative cause.  Former Republic Senators Jim McClure and Malcolm Wallop, both also conservative, agree. In a recent op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, these two former Republican Senators wrote:       It is naive to think what is done to the judicial      filibuster will not later be done to its legislative      counterpart.  They add:       It is disheartening that those entrusted with the Senate's      history and future would consider damaging it in this manner.  I think that is what it gets down to. I think it is a question of this institution and its future and what it is going to look like. Today I am in the minority. You are in the majority. That could change. Every election, the people of this country have the final word on who will be the majority party in the Senate. What has endured throughout all the changes in history from one party to the next is a basic concept and that is, no matter how large your majority, you must respect the minority in the Senate. It is not democracy if you do not respect the minority--it is tyranny. We know that. The Greeks knew that when they invented the term.  Yet when it comes to the rules of the Senate to protect the minority, what we are hearing is that many are ready to cast them aside. Senator Frist, for reasons I cannot explain, wants to have the distinction, the singular distinction, to go down in history as the only Republican majority leader to destroy a 200-year-plus tradition in the Senate, a tradition of extended debate and filibusters. I do not think that would be a proud moment for this body. I do not think it would be a proud part of any Senator's legacy. That is why many of us are appealing to the other side of the aisle.  Time and again in our Nation's history when we really faced some very difficult situations with judges who were controversial and courts that didn't agree with the President, Presidents have said: Give us more power. We will control those courts.  And when those Presidents came to Congress, as they had to, they found that even their own party would not go along with them. The Senators in those eras of Thomas Jefferson and Franklin Roosevelt took enough pride in this institution to say: We will make our own rules, Mr. President. We will stand by the Constitution. We will not give you more power.  But look what is going on now with this nuclear option. It is being orchestrated by the President. And we have too many Senate Republicans who are playing the role of lapdog to the Commander in Chief. They are sitting there like a group of cocker spaniels in a room full of pit bulls, afraid to speak up. They want to give this President whatever power he asks for, whatever nominee he asks for. What a departure from the tradition of this Senate, when it was truly independent, when we respected the President but also respected--maybe more--our constitutional responsibilities.  Our constitutional responsibility is not to agree with everything the President says; not to agree with everything that he wants; not to give him every shred of power that he seeks. Throughout history, Senators have said: We respect you, Mr. President. We respect the Constitution more.  In the midst of this debate, that has been completely thrown away by so many Republican Senators. They are so loyal, to the point of blind loyalty, that they cannot see what is happening to this institution. That they would walk away from the institutional authority of the Senate, the constitutional authority of the Senate, over what?  Take a look at these numbers--208 to 10. How much more graphic could it be? The full Senate has considered 218 judges, since President Bush was elected, and 208 have been approved. Over 95 percent.  When it comes to the 10, it is arguable who dropped out and who retired, but I will use the larger number of 10 just to demonstrate to those who are following this debate that there is hardly a crisis. This President has been more successful appointing judges thanany President in 25 years. There are fewer vacancies on the Federal courts of America than at any time in recent memory. And it was not that long ago when the Republicans, during the Clinton administration, held a series of hearings, which I attended, arguing that we just have too many Federal judges. Senator Grassley of Iowa, a good friend, chairman of a Subcommittee on Judiciary, used to hold regular hearings calling Republican judges from different circuits who would say: Keep those vacancies. Don't fill them. We have plenty of judges. The caseload is not that heavy.  Now the argument is being made, with even fewer vacancies, that we are in a judicial crisis. We are not. It has been 9 years since we had so few judicial emergencies in the courts. We have been through times of larger vacancies and, unfortunately, the Republican majority would not give President Clinton the judges he needed to fill them.  These are the things which clearly we find are the realities of the debate. A President extraordinarily successful in creating and filling more judgeships, a president who has been extraordinarily successful when it comes to convincing his presidential party to support him, and now a move afoot to change the traditions and rules of the Senate in a way that can create constitutional confrontation, if not constitutional crisis.  There are 55 Republican Senators. We need six--six who will stand up and say: History is our guide. We cannot let this institution change or diminish. We will stand with those on the Democratic side of the aisle, understanding that each of us has to use our own discretion when it comes to those nominees we will vote for, understanding that each of us is aware of the fact that the next election could change the balance in this Senate so quickly.  One of the nominees who will be considered next is Janice Rogers Brown. She may be the nuclear trigger--either she or Priscilla Owen. There was an article in a recent New York Times magazine about a far-right legal movement in America called the Constitution in Exile. This movement consists of judges and scholars who believe that the right to private property and economic liberty is almost absolute. Its adherents believe that nearly all Government infringement on property rights is repressive. They encourage judges to strike down laws on behalf of rights that do not appear explicitly in the Constitution.  If this philosophy sounds familiar, it should. The article lists Janice Rogers Brown as a poster child for the Constitution in Exile movement.  I served as the ranking Democrat at Justice Brown's hearing in October of 2003. I asked her a lot of questions. Her answers offered little assurance that she will be anything other than a judicial activist with a very extreme agenda. Her views on Government, courts, and the Constitution are troubling. She called the year 1937 ``the triumph of our socialist revolution.''  She has said:       Where government moves in, community retreats, civil      society disintegrates and our ability to control our own      destiny atrophies.  She has said that politicians are ``handing out new rights like lollipops in the dentist's office.''  She claimed that our Federal courts ``seem ever more ad hoc and expedient, perilously adrift on the roiling seas of feckless, photo-op compassion and political correctness.''  She has even complained in the last 30 years, the Constitution has ``been demoted to the status of a bad chain novel.''  Her rhetoric makes it clear she is inspired and guided by Fountainhead, Atlas Shrugged, and the Road to Serfdom, more than the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.  At her hearing, Justice Brown said her speeches were just an attempt to ``stir the pot.'' Justice Brown's speech did more than stir the pot. Those speeches knocked it off the stove.  I have concerns about her record on the bench, even beyond these speeches where she has opened up her heart.  In her own words, she said:       I have been making a career out of being the lone      dissenter.  In case after case, she has come out on the side of denying rights and remedies to the disadvantaged. Oftentimes she was, indeed, a lone dissenter and oftentimes she ignored even established court precedent and rulings. I have a lot of concerns about her tendency to push her philosophical views into opinions.  The California State Bar Commission in 1996 said as much when it rated Justice Brown as not qualified for the California Supreme Court. Yet the Bush White House wants to appoint her to the second highest court at the Federal level in America.  Justice Brown suggested at her hearing the views in her speech do not reflect the view and her decisions. The facts tell a different story. There is a seamless web between Justice Brown's speeches and her decisions. It is the same person. It is the same philosophy. It is the same conclusion. I have concern about nominating to the DC Circuit someone with her hostility to the forces of Government.  The DC Circuit is the No. 1 adjudicator of Federal agency disputes. I don't think someone who considers the New Deal a ``socialist revolution'' is the right person for the job. Think of all the socialism in the New Deal. I can think of one element that she might call socialism. Franklin Delano Roosevelt called it Social Security.  I want to discuss her evasiveness too. She is a wise lawyer. And good lawyers knows how to duck a question better than a politician. We can't properly perform the advice and consent function of the Senate if nominees will not level with us. Take the Lochner case. This is a famous case that most students study in law school, certainly those who study constitutional law. In her speeches, Justice Brown has praised it. Now, at her hearing we asked her, and she attempted to distance herself from what she said before, saying that the case has been ``appropriately criticized'' and ``discredited.'' Yet she evaded a simple question about whether she agreed with it.  It is an important case. It is a case that spells out the responsibility of the Federal Government when it comes to questions of commerce and liberty of contract. It was a decision by the court many thought moved clearly in the wrong direction and did not even allow Federal jurisdiction in questions regulating health and safety.  Here is another example of her evasiveness. I asked her in writing to explain what rights she was referring to when she said that politicians are handing out new rights like lollipops in a dentist's office. Her full answer to that question was as follows:       I was merely commenting in general terms and was not      specifically criticizing a particular legislative action.  Now, in all fairness, that is a duck and a dodge. She did not answer the question. I asked her whether she agreed with the Federalist Society mission statement, the one I said earlier, about orthodox liberal ideology dominating the legal profession and so forth. She gave me the most evasive answer of any nominee, once again mystified as to what the Federalist Society really means, although she has attended their events.  She said:       As a judge, I have not had occasion to determine whether      the law schools and legal professors are by and large liberal      or conservative, and thus do not find myself qualified to      offer an opinion on that subject.  She did not answer half the question. My question was about law schools and legal profession and she did not address the legal profession. I can go on, but I tell you this: She was not going to answer questions. We have seen nominees like her before who come before us and defy us to ask questions and to have answers come forward.  There is a legitimate area of inquiry. I can recall when a Republican Member of the Senate Judiciary Committee asked one of President Clinton's nominees to disclose every vote she had cast for a California referendum for or against it in her lifetime. I thought that crossed the line. There is some secrecy in the ballot box and privacy involved, but that was considered a fair range of questions when it came to asking Clinton nominees if they are qualified. When we ask Justice Janice Rogers Brown the most fundamental questions about things she has said publicly, she ducks and dodges.  According to the Washington Post, which has defended many of President Bush's judicial nominees:       Justice Brown is one of the most unapologetically      ideological nominees of either party in many years.  A Los Angeles Times editorial entitled ``A Bad Fit for a Key Court,'' stated:       In opinions and speeches, Brown has articulated disdainful      views of the Constitution and government that are so strong      and so far from the mainstream as to raise questions about      whether they would control her decisions.  That is from her home-State newspaper.  The New York Times echoed that sentiment and said Brown ``has declared war on mainstream legal values that most Americans hold dear.''  The Atlantic Journal-Constitution wrote that Brown's views ``are far out of the mainstream of accepted legal principles.''  The list goes on and on of over 100 organizations, including the Congressional Black Caucus, that oppose Justice Brown.  Dorothy Height recently received the Congressional Gold Medal. She said this about a vote on Justice Brown:       I cannot stand by and be silent when a jurist with the      record of performance of California Supreme Court Justice      Janice Rogers Brown is nominated to a federal court, even      though she is an African-American woman.  Ms. Height, an African-American women herself, goes on to say:       In her speeches and decisions, Justice Janice Rogers Brown      has articulated positions that weaken the civil rights      legislation and progress that I and others have fought so      long and hard to achieve.  Stephen Barnett, a University of California-Berkeley constitutional law professor who had endorsed Brown before her hearing and whose support Chairman Hatch specifically mentioned in his opening statement at Justice Brown's hearing, sent a letter to Senator Hatch after the hearing and withdrew his support for Janice Rogers Brown. This is what Professor Barnett, who was once supposed to be a strong advocate for her, wrote to Senator Hatch after her hearing:       Having read the speeches of Justice Brown that have now      been disclosed, and having watched her testimony before the      Committee on October 22, I no longer support the nomination.  So you would hear from the Republican side that she is just another routine nominee who is being beaten up on by the Democratic side of the aisle. But when you read through all these comments of people who have observed her in her professional life, those who have followed her, not only fellow judges but those in the legal profession, it is very clear: This is a controversial nominee. She is a person who will bring to the bench something less than the moderation that we look for.  I come from the Democratic side of the aisle. I understand if you are going to put a person on the bench, 9 times out of 10 you should look for a person who is going to try to be moderate and mainstream. What I found is that 10 times out of 10, with very few exceptions, that is exactly what we have ended up with. That is not the case here.  The White House strategy is unfair to Justice Brown and her family, unfair to the Senate, and unfair to those who want to move beyond the environment of political confrontation which has become the hallmark of our efforts. We should not have to go through this knock-down, drag-out over filling these court vacancies. I have said to Chairman Hatch, and I will say again to those listening, there are plenty of good, conservative Republican attorneys and judges who are not so ideologically extreme who could fill these positions. You can find them in Ohio. You can find them in Virginia. You can even find them in Illinois. Why this White House continues to go after some of the most inflammatory, some of the most extreme judges to fill the benches in the highest courts in the land is beyond me.  So when we find, among 218 nominees, 10 who fall into this extreme category, when we say they have gone too far, when we say to the President: You may have 95 percent, but for this other 4 or 5 percent the answer is no--I think we are doing what the Constitution asks us to do: advise and consent.  But the President, of course, says no. I want them all. No dissent, no disagreement--I want every single judge. Strike ``advise and consent'' and put ``consent'' in there. That is what this President wants. Maybe that is what every President wanted. But the Congress and Senate in particular in the past have told those Presidents: No. We have the right to ask these questions and to demand the answers. And if we find a nominee wanting, we have the right to reject them, either by extended debate and filibuster or by the majority vote that ultimately that candidate would face if a motion for cloture prevailed.  So in this case, they have decided that rather than hold these nominees to the same standard, they will change the rules of the Senate. That is what the nuclear option is about, changing the rules in the middle of the game, diminishing the constitutional principle of checks and balances, reducing the power of the Senate against the power of the White House and the Presidency, and saying to this President: You may make lifetime appointments of judges without holding them to the same standards that every President's nominees have been held to.  Some time next week--and I pray to God it does not happen--Vice President Cheney may take that chair, preside over the Senate, and with just a few words sweep away 200 years of tradition. It is an act of arrogance to think that any person would do that without reflecting on the history of this body and its traditions.  It is an abuse of power that this White House has to have more and more power, that 208 judges out of 218 is not enough, that they are going further. They want them all. And they have found too many compliant Republican Senators who have said: Whatever you want, Mr. President. Sign us up.  I sincerely hope the Senate rises to the occasion. I sincerely hope that six Republican Senators will show the courage to speak out for the value of our Constitution and the tradition of the Senate.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thune). The Senator from Ohio.  