President, I have listened carefully to the remarks of the Senator from New Mexico, and I would like to say two or three things for the Record.  The criticism has been leveled that the Democrats are somehow obstructionists; that we are standing in the path of the President to filling his Cabinet. The Senator from New Mexico knows this is the second rollcall on the nominees of the President. Six nominees for the Cabinet positions asked for by President Bush have been approved by voice vote--without even a recorded vote having been taken. Only one remains: Mr. Chertoff. To suggest that somehow we are delaying, obstructing, standing in the road of progress for this administration is to overlook the obvious.  We have cooperated with this administration. We have done our best to expedite the hearings on these nominees.  There are only two of the highest positions--Secretary of State and Attorney General--that have evoked any substantive floor debate.  As I listen to my Republican colleagues, it appears that their advice to the Democratic minority is to sit down and be quiet; you lost the election. But, as I understand it, each of us has been elected to represent a State and to stand up for the values in which we believe. To ask for a few moments onthe floor to debate an important nomination for Secretary of State or Attorney General I don't think is being impudent. I think it is what we were elected to do.  The Constitution not only empowers us and authorizes us; it commands us to advise and consent--not just consent. If we want to spend a day or two debating something as serious as Judge Gonzales's involvement in rewriting the torture policy in America, I don't think that is inappropriate. In fact, I think our silence would be inappropriate.  Those on the other side--and even some on this side--may disagree with the conclusions reached earlier. I think you will find when the rollcall comes that there will be Senators on both sides of the aisle voting for Judge Gonzales. So be it. But to say we are somehow stepping out of line by even debating a nominee for the Cabinet is just plain wrong.  Second, this is exactly the same argument that was used on the issue of judges. If you listened to the commentaries, particularly from some sources on radio and television, you would think that the Democrats had found a way to stop most of the judges nominated by President Bush over the last 4 years. But look at the cold facts. Two-hundred and four of President Bush's judicial nominees were approved. They went through this Congress, under both Democratic and Republican committee leadership. Only 10 nominees were held up. The final score in that game was 204 to 10. It is clear the President won the overwhelming percentage of judicial nominees he sent to the floor of the Senate. If you listen to our critics, you would think it was the opposite--that we only approved 10 judges and turned down 204.  That wasn't the case at all. When people come to the floor critical of the Democrats for even wanting to debate a Cabinet nominee, I think they are overstating the case.  Let me address the last point made by the Senator from New Mexico.  