 One of the special interest groups with more power in Washington than any others is the pharmaceutical industry. We have seen it time and time again. When we go into a bill for Medicare prescription drug benefits, we say: Would you not want Medicare to bargain with the drug companies so seniors across America would pay lower prices? No way. It was kept out of the bill so that the pharmaceutical and drug companies can charge exorbitantly high prices to American citizens. That is why people are going to Canada, Mexico, and Europe trying to find cheaper drugs. It is because their Governments care, they force competition, they keep prices down. Not our Government. Along comes a trade agreement. What could that have to do with the pharmaceutical companies and drug companies? There are roughly 165,000 people in the Central American nations living with HIV/AIDS. These are low-income countries where the people are struggling to survive and medicine is barely affordable.  Doctors Without Borders--you may have heard of this fabulous organization based out of France, doing wonderful work all around the world. They provide drugs to HIV patients, and 1,600 in Guatemala alone. They rely on generic drugs because they cannot afford the most expensive drugs. They cost less than brand-named drugs. They can keep a person alive with HIV/AIDS in Guatemala for $216 a year. If they had to pay for the brand name, it would be $4,818. That is the difference--more than 20 times the cost.  I know these patents to drug companies are important. They help to spur innovation by rewarding companies for investing. We need a careful balance where we allow generic drugs in these Central American countries and not abuse the patents of the drug companies unnecessarily. At the global level, there has been an active debate about this very issue. We have had agreements that have been entered into. These agreements try to strike a careful balance between allowing more inexpensive drugs in the poor countries and still protect the patents.  Sadly, this CAFTA agreement destroys the balance that has been entered into in previous agreements. This CAFTA trade agreement requires CAFTA countries to adopt provisions, such as keeping testing data for drugs secret for longer periods of time than even required in the United States of America. And without access to testing data, it becomes nearly impossible for new generic companies to break into the market and provide the drugs for these people in Central America, and some, of course, in our region.  CAFTA will require countries to extend the lives of patents, under certain circumstances, for even longer periods of time than is permitted under U.S. law. This is a bonanza for pharmaceutical companies. They will make more money out of this agreement because we put their special interest provisions into this trade understanding. These provisions will apply to new drugs as they are developed, not existing generics.  The long delays that CAFTA will impose means patients will have to wait even longer to get access to lifesaving treatment. I think when you look at this and you understand workers are losing, you have to understand as well that a lot of sick people with HIV/AIDS are going to lose, too. People are struggling to survive, and they will fall victim to the profit margins of American pharmaceutical companies. Those are the priorities--the priorities of CAFTA.  Why aren't the American workers the priority of CAFTA? Why aren't the workers of Central America the priorities of CAFTA? Why is America's record of humanitarian care when it comes to using these drugs all around the world--why isn't that the priority?  Let me speak about agriculture. I come from a strong agricultural State. I have promoted or stood behind many trade agreements in the past because it helped create agricultural markets. But CAFTA countries, Central American countries, have a combined population of about 31 million people who generally have limited incomes with which to purchase agricultural products. The market is worth about $1.6 billion in annual agricultural exports. That is a large sum, but in the perspective of all of the exports we have, it is not overwhelming. Many key U.S. commodities already have open access to the Central American market. About 94 percent of all grains imported into the six CAFTA countries comes from the United States. This domination means there is little room for further upward growth when it comes to agriculture. So I think when we look at this, we have to ask a more important question: Think about the Central American country for a moment. Think about a subsistence farmer living in the countryside of one of these Central American countries who is growing grain.  Assume it is corn for the moment. Think about the possibility that this trade agreement means that more and cheaper corn will come in from the United States to this Central American country. Think what happens to that poor farmer and his family if he can no longer eke out a living for himself and his family and sell enough to continue on, and he has to leave his farm--and it happens all the time--because of this agreement. Where does that peasant farmer go? His first stop is likely to be a large city in Central America, San Jose in Costa Rica, or some other city. Failing to find a job in that city, where is his next stop? El Norte, the United States.  So as we assault the economies of Central America, without respect for their workers, without respect for their farmers, we create economic instability which moves families into cities first, and finally, in desperation, to anyplace they can go to find any job to survive. Now, there may be large companies that will make great profits out of CAFTA. But, sadly, they are not taking into consideration what it is going to mean to workers and to a lot of smaller companies in the United States that will not survive this trade agreement.  If there was ever a time in our history when we should step back, as we face the largest trade deficit in the United States, as we see countries such as China around the world exploiting us because they are buying our debt--the largest national deficit in the history of the United States under the Bush administration--and understand that China and these countries will continue to exploit us on the trade side--China manipulates its currency, and we don't do anything about it. We don't even talk about it. Because of that manipulation, they take away American jobs.  This Senator has voted for trade agreements in the past. I will not vote for this one. If we are going to have trade agreements, there should be laws enforced on both sides, exporters and importers. Sadly, that has not been the case. This CAFTA agreement will hurt American workers, hurt the workers of Central America, be a bonanza for American pharmaceutical companies, and create instability in the United States.  It could not come at a worse time. I look forward to voting against it.  