President, first, I would like to thank both the chairman and the ranking member of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Senators Domenici and Bingaman, for working together in a more open and bipartisan way in developing the bill we are considering today.  While there are many provisions that should be in this bill but aren't and many other provisions in here that I don't agree with, this bill could have been worse. There are numerous extraneous and environmentally harmful provisions that were in previous energy bills but are not included here. I appreciate both of my colleagues' efforts to avoid those pitfalls and produce the Energy bill we are now considering.  However, there remains one very large and glaring omission in this bill. While framed as a ``comprehensive national energy policy,'' this bill completely ignores the most important energy issues facing America, our growing dependence on foreign oil and the impact this dependence has on our economic security and national security.  I have no doubt that our Republican colleagues will go home and hold press conferences claiming victory. They will say that they finally broke through the obstructionism and passed an energy bill that will reduce America's dependence on foreign oil; a bill that will make America more secure.  I wish that were true--but it is not. This is not an energy policy for America in the 21st century. And that is very unfortunate.  The price of a barrel of oil is above $60 and rising, gas prices are again reaching record highs, yet this bill offers no solution. In all of the pages of text, there is no meaningful program or plan to reduce our dependence on foreign oil. There is no provision that increases fuel efficiency or promotes oil conservation. There is no provision to create a comprehensive, long-term program for the development of renewable, sustainable fuels.  This bill could have been a roadmap to a new energy future in America, but instead it leaves us stuck in our current energy mess.  Supporters of this bill will claim that it can reduce America's dependence on foreign oil by increasing domestic oil production. But I would point out awell-known fact--the U.S. contains only 3 percent of the known global oil reserves in the entire world. No matter how much we drill here, we will never drill enough to meet our growing thirst for oil.  As long as we continue to consume as much oil as we do today, without addressing the hard issues such as fuel economy standards, we will become more, not less, reliant on foreign oil. With global demand for oil steadily increasing, this continued dependence on imported oil could have devastating economic consequences.  Today we import 58 percent of our oil. The Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration projects that the U.S. will import 68 percent of our oil by 2025--more than \2/3\ of our oil consumption.  Former CIA Director James Woolsey, Robert McFarlane, former President Reagan's National Security Adviser, and other national security experts have created a group they call the Set America Free Coalition. According to them, ``It is imperative that the nation's energy policy address the national security and economic impacts of growing oil dependence.''  Imagine what would happen to the U.S. economy if there were a major disruption in oil supplies in a foreign producing country--perhaps in the Middle East. Can you imagine what could happen to our economy?  I can. Thirty years ago, war in the Middle East caused oil prices in the U.S. to increase by 70 percent. Overnight, the price of oil rose from $3 per barrel to $5.11 per barrel. Just a few months later, oil prices more than doubled again to $11.65 per barrel.  At the time of the 1970s oil embargo the U.S. imported less than a third of our oil. This embargo hit Americans hard, as many remember well. Back then, Congress recognized the economic impact of oil dependence and took steps to address oil consumption in America. Among other actions, Congress passed national fuel economy standards, raising passenger cars from an average 12.9 miles per gallon in 1973 to 27.5 miles per gallon by 1985.  Increasing fuel economy standards for cars is one of the most effective steps we can take to reduce oil dependence. Unfortunately, this Congress has rejected that goal.  Listen to this, from an article published in BusinessWeek about a month ago:       As Congress puts the final touches on a massive new energy      bill, lawmakers are about to blow it. That's because the bill      almost certainly won't include one policy initiative that      could seriously reduce America's dependence on foreign oil: A      government-mandated increase in the average fuel economy of      new cars, SUVs, light trucks and vans.  BusinessWeek was right, Congress did blow it.  Congress has blown it at a time when the National Academy of Sciences and many other energy and engineering experts tell us the technology is available today to reduce our need for oil by 3 million barrels per day by 2015.  Not only is there no new fuel economy standard, the energy conferees even rejected a modest provision that would have reduced oil consumption by 1 million barrels per day by 2015--just 4 percent of the petroleum it is projected we will use by 2015.  Incredibly, it is President Bush's stated policy to oppose any fuel savings measures.  Does this make any sense?  There is only one provision in this entire bill that may--may--reduce America's dangerous dependence on foreign oil: a renewable fuels provision that requires a doubling in ethanol production by 2012. This provision will reduce oil consumption by about 1 percent over the next 7 years.  But does this limited 1-percent reduction in imported oil over 7 years represent the best we can do for America's energy security? Economic security? National security?  Senate Democrats believe that Americans can do better than we are today.  We offered a plan to reduce America's dependence on imported oil by 40 percent by 2025. This goal was a realistic goal--with realistic changes in the way we use energy, advance the production and application of energy technology, and promote energy efficiency and conservation.  Nearly half of the Members of this body voted for our plan.  But big oil companies, car companies, and their allies in the White House and Congress rejected even setting a goal.  How is it that the same administration that talks about sending a man to Mars does not have enough faith in American genius and American know-how to believe that our scientists and engineers can determine how to increase the fuel efficiency of our automobile fleet safely?  Almost 3 months ago, I spoke to an auditorium of scientists at the Argonne National Energy lab--America's first national energy lab just outside of Chicago. The scientists there do not think that decreasing America's over-reliance on foreign oil is impossible. They think it is imperative.  Instead of shoveling billions of dollars at oil and energy companies, we ought to be investing in the work of those and other scientists. Yet, the Republican leadership, from the White House on down, is cutting public investments in scientific research and providing billions of dollars in tax incentives to big oil companies that have been recording record profits.  This bill takes much of the $11.5 billion in tax incentives that could have been used to develop renewable and alternative energy sources and instead gives it to big oil and energy companies.  For instance, there are generous royalty payment relief provisions for energy companies that drill on Federal lands. A better bill would have maintained royalty payments and used these funds to extend the production tax credit for wind generation beyond the 2 years written in this bill. Unfortunately the 2-year extension will continue the boom and bust cycle we've witnessed in the investment of wind generation.  The President himself says that oil and energy companies do not need tax cuts--but he will sign this bill anyway, even if they are included.  Think about that: the upcoming reconciliation bill will contain $10 billion in cuts in health care for the poor while this bill provides over $10 billion in tax breaks, mostly for big oil and energy companies.  Talk about a Congress out of touch with America.  And we will have to borrow the money to pay for those tax breaks and pay interest on that money too, so the true cost is even higher.  This is a failure in leadership.  From the day they took office, the Bush administration made passing a new national energy bill a top priority. The President put the Vice President in charge of getting the job done. We still don't know how much of this bill can be traced back to the Vice President's secret energy task force because the administration has gone to extraordinary lengths--all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court--to keep all of its records about the task force secret.  There are at least two things the big oil and energy companies wanted that are not in this bill.  For 5 years, MTBE manufacturers prevented the passage of an energy bill by demanding that they be shielded from liability for groundwater contamination caused by their product. Thankfully, the liability waiver is not in this bill--so Americans won't have all the cleanup costs shifted onto the taxpayers.  Oil companies also fought hard against increasing ethanol production--knowing that this renewable fuel would replace some of their products. The oil companies wanted only a token nod toward ethanol.  Thankfully, this bill contains a renewable fuel standard that increases the use of domestically produced renewable fuels to 7.5 billion gallons by 2012. This change will be good for America's economy, good for our energy security and good for Illinois farmers.  Illinois farmers grow corn that provides 40 percent of the total ethanol consumed in the U.S. annually. They stand ready and eager to meet the new challenges in this bill.  I believe the renewable fuels standard can lead to greater energy security for our Nation.  I will vote for this bill for one reason. After 4 years of fighting this battle, it is clear we are not going to get an energy plan for the 21st century as long as Texas oil men are in charge of the Federal Government. This is as good as we are going to get.  It has been 13 years since the last time America passed a national energy plan. I can guarantee you, it will not be another 13 years before this plan is abandoned and replaced with a more visionary and responsible plan.  We should have increased America's national and economic security by reducing our reliance on oil imported from Saudi Arabia and other politically volatile nations. We have the scientific ability to meet that challenge. Unfortunately, we lack the political leadership to do so.  The price we will pay for this failure of leadership in rising gas prices and increased risk to our national economy and national security will far exceed the cost of the wasteful tax breaks this bill gives to big oil.  This bill does not reduce gas prices at the pump, it does not reduce dependence on foreign oil, it does not address fuel efficiency and conservation, and it does not increase America's economic and national security. It is not an energy plan for the 21st century.  And it is definitely not the end of the energy debate--only the beginning.  