President. These folks who passed this amendment twice recognized reality.  Since the end of the Cold War, employment of our Reserve Forces has shifted profoundly from being primarily an expansion force to augment Active Forces during major war to the situation we face today where the Department of Defense acknowledges that no significant operation can be undertaken without the Guard and Reserve. Today, more than 40 percent of the forces fighting the global war on terrorism are members of our Guard and Reserve. Our part-time warriors have become full-time protectors of freedom.  The Federal Government is the Nation's largest employer. We must set an example. We must show the initiative. We must stand behind the men and women of the Federal workforce who are risking their lives for us overseas. Similar legislation has been enacted in at least 23 other States.  The Presiding Officer and I had a rare opportunity not long ago. We flew into Baghdad 2 or 3 weeks ago. It was a harrowing trip in the back of a C-130. We were strapped into our combat armor, body armor, with helmets on our head, in the C-130 as it made a corkscrew landing into Baghdad. We shared a wonderful, unforgettable opportunity to meet not only the leadership in the Green Zone but to meet with the marines and soldiers who are there risking their lives.  I sat down across the table from those three marines, recalled the guard unit I met the night before, and I thought to myself, we owe them something, not simply thanks but something significant and something tangible.  For those who work in the Federal workforce, this is something tangible we can do. We can make up the difference in lost pay. We can say to them, worry about coming home safely, but don't worry about whether your family is going to make the mortgage payment and pay the utility bills and keep things together while you are overseas.  That is what this amendment is all about. We express our gratitude in many different ways for the men and women in uniform, but this amendment which I have offered with Senator Mikulski, Senator Allen, and Senator Corzine, says to my colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, let us offer to these men and women in uniform not only our thanks and our praise but the financial support they need to give them peace of mind.  