People still suffer today from the consequences.  Maybe, in that terrible natural disaster and tragedy, something good will come of it. If those winds blow down the doors of indifference when it comes to some basic issues in America, then we can build, as a country, from that sad experience--whether it is caring for the most vulnerable in America, who were the ones who suffered; whether it is standing together as a nation, saying we are part of an American family, and if that tragedy hits your State of Florida or my State of Illinois, we will stand together to make sure your State gets back up on its feet; or whether it is looking at our dependence on foreign energy and saying: We have to change. This struck a part of America from which energy comes and is refined. We have to change in terms of our policy.  So I would say to the Senator from Florida, maybe that great disaster, that terrible suffering that came from it, will also bring with it a new awakening in this country about a new direction we need, a direction that moves our Nation together, unified as a community, to solve the serious challenge we face today.  It was not too long ago, I say to the Senator from Florida, we would sit on the floor and argue about the ``ownership society.'' Remember that? Privatizing Social Security: We don't need Social Security. Just let me have my own private account. Well, you heard that a lot. And the model of the ownership society group was: Just remember, we are all in this alone.  Well, we learned better. We learned with Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and other challenges, the only chance we have is when we are all in this together. And together as a nation we have done amazing things.  I think the life of the Senator from Florida tells that story. Most people don't know--but I sure do--you served in the House of Representatives. You were an elected statewide official in Florida and managed to squeeze into that public service career a trip in space as an astronaut. And I know you then came to the Senate with dedication even greater to this country.  Together, Florida is strong, Illinois is strong. We are strong as a nation.  