I think people living in Illinois are some of the luckiest people in the world. I think it is a wonderful State. I am proud to represent it. But for Joyce Owens' situation, if she faced the same tragedy with her family and they lived in Florida, Texas, or Kansas, she could keep her home. You may say, why? Well, because the States have different standards--all the States.  What Senator Kennedy says is, this is national legislation, and we should have a national standard to protect families' homes when they face a medical crisis.  In my State, you cannot protect much, if any, of a home. That is why Joyce Owens will be paying off these bills and facing debt collectors and harassment the rest of her natural life. She has no way out.  The Senator is exactly right; if you happen to live in one of these three States, you hit the jackpot. Do you know what some of the real sharp people do in bankruptcy? Bowie Kuhn--do you remember that name?--former Commissioner of Baseball. A prosperous man, right? Well, he got pretty deeply in debt one day, so he decided to take all of his assets and buy a mansion in Florida and file for bankruptcy. He filed for bankruptcy and got out from under his debts, but they let him keep his multimillion-dollar mansion in Florida. Bowie Kuhn got to keep his mansion. Joyce Owens cannot even keep her home to try to care for her quadriplegic son.  And you say to yourself, my friends on the other side of the aisle, surely in your home States you have people like this. You must be able to find them if you get outside this bubble we live in here and speak to people in the real world. Senator Kennedy is speaking to people in the real world, and this is what he is hearing. This is what I hear, and what Senator Obama and others hear. That is why his amendment is so important.  Yesterday, we lost an amendment that said if you were serving in the Guard or Reserve, activated to duty in Iraq, and you go over there to serve your country and risk your life for America, and you lose your business and go into bankruptcy because you are overseas serving America--I offered an amendment to say, at least give those soldiers a chance in bankruptcy to protect their homes.  Do you know what happened to that amendment? We lost it, 58 to 38. Many of the 58 Senators who voted against that amendment for the Guard and Reserve are the first ones waving the flag in the Fourth of July parade: How much we love our soldiers.  Where were they yesterday? These great lovers of the American military were nowhere to be found when they had a chance to do something for them when they serve their country and face bankruptcy at home.  Here is a chance for some of our colleagues who talk long and hard about feeling the pain of ordinary families to do something. The Kennedy amendment offers them a chance to do something, to say that in the bankruptcy court, we will acknowledge the disasters that families face across America because of medical bills, and we will do something about it.  I salute the Senator for his leadership, and I look forward to passing the amendment.  