President.  Take a look at this chart and see what is happening in America. As the price of gasoline goes up, this veracious appetite for SUVs is going down. SUV sales in America are declining, with a 19-percent decrease from the first quarter of 2004 to 2005.  Detroit, are you listening? Are you listening to consumers across America? They do not like to take expensive gasoline and put it into an SUV that gets terrible mileage. They are telling you what the future is going to look like when we have $50- and $60- and $70- and $80- and $90-a-barrel oil coming into the United States.  The consumers are speaking already. Sadly, their response is not being picked up. Sadly, their response is not being picked up by some of the major manufacturers of U.S. automobiles.  Take a look at this chart. The Chevy Suburban: I know the Chevy Suburban. The car I am provided in the Senate is a Chevy Suburban. It is a great car but a big, heavy car. It is picked for that reason for security purposes. Whatever. But take a look at the comparable sales: the Toyota Prius, 34,225 in U.S. sales so far in 2005; 35,756 Ford Expeditions; 24,000 Chevy Suburbans.  The point I am making is the American consumer's appetite is growing for a car which Detroit is not making. We are, sadly, 2 years behind. These Toyota Priuses, which one of our colleagues in the Senate drives, happen to be cars for which you can get 50 miles a gallon and more. People want them, but they cannot buy an American version. What is Detroit waiting for?  Look where we are as a nation. When we took the leadership--Senator Bond may call this Soviet-style leadership, command-and-control leadership--in 1975 and said we were going to have more fuel-efficient vehicles, look at that increase in average miles per gallon in a 10-year period of time--dramatic. Look what has happened since then--flat-lining.  As we have increased our dependence on foreign oil, our cars and trucks are less and less fuel efficient. The end is near, my friends. It is going to reach us sooner rather than later if we do not accept the reality that we need to say, if America is going to be truly less dependent on foreign oil, we have to set standards that move us toward energy conservation and energy efficiency. The first place to start is in the cars and trucks we drive.  I think if a President, if a Congress, stood up and said: ``America, we are in this together; we are challenging Detroit to come out with a fuel-efficient car; we need one that is going to make America less dependent on foreign oil so we do not get involved in wars, so we do not have to walk hand-in-hand with Saudi sheiks around America; we want to be less dependent and will you join us, America, the businesses and families of this country would stand up and say: We are ready.  I wish to say, in response to the Senator from Ohio, the Chair of the Senate Auto Caucus, Mr. Voinovich, I could not agree with him more. This is a hugely important industry. It is in trouble because the market share for American automobile manufacturers continues to decline. They are building cars that Americans are not buying. Americans are looking to Japanese and German and other cars instead.  There is a message there. We have to revitalize this industry by thinking forward instead of thinking backward. And thinking forward says, the price of gas is going up. You better have a more fuel-efficient vehicle. You can reach it if you use innovation and creativity. Unfortunately, that is not occurring today.  Let me close with a comment I opened with from BusinessWeek magazine:       As Congress puts the final touches on a massive new energy      bill, lawmakers are about to blow it. That's because the      bill, which they hope to pass by the end of July, almost      certainly won't include the one policy initiative that could      seriously reduce American's dependence on foreign oil: a      government-mandated increase in the average fuel economy of      new cars, SUVs, light trucks, and vans.  The Bond-Levin amendment does not do that. It does not increase fuel efficiency. It does not reduce dependence on foreign oil. The amendment which I offer does, and I hope my colleagues will support it.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  