President, I will start by reading a paragraph, but it is not from an environmental magazine or a political magazine or from a liberal magazine. It is from BusinessWeek, published in their most recent online edition of June 20, entitled ``Energy; Ignoring the Obvious Fix.'' I will read this paragraph because it describes where we are at this moment in time:       As Congress puts the final touches on a massive new energy      bill, lawmakers are about to blow it. That's because the      bill, which they hope to pass by the end of July, almost      certainly won't include the one policy initiative that could      seriously reduce America's dependence on foreign oil: A      government-mandated increase in the average fuel economy of      new cars, SUVs, light trucks and vans.  That is BusinessWeek. They say that Congress is about to blow it. Sadly, BusinessWeek is correct because you can search this bill, page after page, section after section, and find no reference to the obvious need in America to increase the fuel efficiency of the cars and trucks that we drive.  The amendment that I am proposing addresses the CAFE standards. This amendment would result in more fuel-efficient vehicles in America. This amendment would incrementally increase fuel economy standards in automobiles over the next 10 years.  Regardless of what the opponents of this amendment say, technology is available to reach these goals, the safety of our vehicles need not be compromised in the process, and we don't have to lose American jobs in order to have safer, more fuel-efficient cars.  I suggest to those who have no faith in the innovative capacity of our Nation that America has risen to the challenge before. We can do it again.  Before I explain my amendment and highlight why improving fuel efficiency would be a priority, let me read from a few headlines that make this debate especially important.  This was in this week's Washington Post:       Gas price rises as oil hits a record high.  What was the dollar amount, the latest amount? It was $59.42 a barrel--record high amounts for oil. In my State of Illinois, the average price of gasoline is $2.16 per gallon.  From the Wall Street Journal, here is the big headline:       Big Thirst for Oil is Unslaked, Demand by U.S., China      Rises.  The Wall Street Journal says:       Oil consumption remains strong even as petroleum prices      approach $60 a barrel, sparking concerns that growing demand      could spur still-higher prices and further dampen economic      growth.  Philip Verleger, senior fellow at the Washington-based Institute for International Economics, says:       I can see oil at $90 a barrel by next March 31.  I have read from BusinessWeek. We understand their consideration of this provision. They understand that if we do not deal with more fuel-efficient vehicles, we are ignoring the obvious.  I am offering this amendment to give my colleagues an opportunity to put America back on track, to reduce consumption of oil-based products by our transportation fleet by increasing fuel economy standards.  The BusinessWeek online piece continues:       If we don't act now, a crisis will probably force more      drastic action later.  I first say to my colleague following this debate, I wish them all a happy 30th anniversary. It was 30 years ago we faced an energy crisis in America. This year marks the 30th anniversary of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act that created the original CAFE program and responded to that crisis.  Listen to these oil prices that brought America's economy to its knees 30 years ago. I am going back to October of 1973. The price of oil rose from $3 a barrel to $5.11 per barrel, sending a shock across America. By January, just a few months later, the prices were up to $11.65 a barrel. At the time, however, the United States was only dependent on foreign oil for 28 percent of its use. That percentage has grown to 58 percent today.  Put it in context: 30 years ago, 28 percent of our oil was coming from overseas, and we were dealing with $11 a barrel. Today, 58 percent is, and we are dealing with $59.60 a barrel, roughly speaking. So we have seen a dramatic increase in our dependence, a dramatic increase in price, and there is no reason to believe it is going to end. We are captives of OPEC and that cartel.  When Maria Cantwell came to the floor of the Senate and offered an amendment to reduce America's dependence on foreign oil by 40 percent over the next 20 years, it was soundly defeated. I think only three Republicans joined the Democrats who supported it.  To think we are overlooking in a debate on an energy bill dependence on foreign oil and the inefficiency of cars and trucks tells you how irrelevant this debate is. Any serious debate about America's energy future would talk about our dependence--overdependence--on foreign oil and the fact that we continue to drive cars and trucks that are less fuel efficient every single year.  The recent prices that have shown up also create anxiety over oil exports from other producer nations. This past Friday, the United States, Britain, and Germany closed their consulates in Nigeria, in its largest city of Lagos, due to a threat from foreign Islamic militants. The countries we are relying on for foreign oil are politically shaky, and we depend on them. If they do not provide the oil, our economy suffers, and American families and consumers suffer.  In response to the 1973 oil embargo, Congress created the CAFE program and decided at the time to increase the new car fleet fuel economy because it had declined from 14.8 miles per gallon in 1967 to 12.9 miles per gallon in 1973.  Today we face even more embarrassing statistics. Today we consume more than 3 gallons of oil per capita in the United States, whereas other industrialized countries consume 1.3 gallons per capita per day, and the world average is closer to a half a gallon per capita per day. We use four times more oil than any nation.  The amendment I am proposing would increase passenger fuel economy standards by 12.5 miles per gallon over the next 11 years, increasing fuel economy standards for nonpassenger vehicles by 6.5 miles per gallon in the same time period, for a combined fleet average of nearly 34 miles per gallon. I am increasing it 5.3 miles per gallon over current plans. Current NHTSA rulemaking would only raise it to 22.2 miles per gallon by 2007.  The average mileage of U.S. passenger vehicles peaked in 1988 at 25.9 miles per gallon and has fallen to an estimated 24.4 in 2004.  Let me show one chart which graphically demonstrates the sad reality. Remember the oil embargo I talked about, in 1973, the panic in America, the demand that our manufacturers of automobiles increase the fuel efficiency of cars over the next 10 years? They screamed bloody murder. They said the same things we are going to hear from my colleagues tonight in opposition to this amendment. They said if you want cars that get so many miles per gallon over the next 10 years, America is going to be riding around in little dinky cars such as golf carts. I heard exactly the same words on the Senate floor today.  Furthermore, if you want more fuel-efficient cars, they are going to be so darned dangerous, no family should ride in them. This is what our big three said back in 1973: We can't do this; it is technologically impossible. Frankly, if you do it, we are going to see more and more foreign cars coming into the United States.  Thank God Congress ignored them. We passed the CAFE standards. Looked what happened. Fuel-efficiency cars in a 10-year period went up to their highest levels. Now look what has happened since. It is flat or declining in some areas. It tells us, when we look at both cars and trucks, that our fuel efficiency has been declining since 1985. How can this be good for America? How can this make us less energy dependent? How can this clean up air we breathe? It cannot.  People will come to the floor of the Senate today and say: We think every American ought to buy and drive the most fuel-inefficient truck or car they choose, and if you do not stand by that, you are violating the most basic American freedom. What about the freedoms that are at stake as we get in conflicts around the world with oil-producing nations?  If we want to preserve our freedoms, we should accept personal responsibility as a nation, as families, and as individuals. Personal responsibility says we need better cars and better trucks that are more fuel efficient. We need to challenge all manufacturers of cars and trucks, foreign and domestic, to meet these standards so that we are not warping the market, we are setting a standard for the whole market.  Unfortunately, there is strong opposition to this notion. Some of those who oppose it have the most negative and backward view of American technology that you can imagine.  We understand now from reliable scientific sources--in particular the National Academy of Sciences--that we have technologies and can improve fuel efficiency of trucks by 50 to 65 percent and cars by 40 to 60 percent. But Detroit is so wedded to the concept of selling these monster SUVs and big cars that they will not use it. They will not use the technology that is currently there.  We are dealing now with hybrid technology. Let me tell a little story about hybrid technology.  First let me tell you what we are dealing with on the overall picture. This chart shows U.S. consumption of oil in the transportation sector. As we can see, light-duty vehicles represent the biggest part of it--60 percent. It is a huge part.  We also have general oil consumption in America. If we want to reduce our dependence on foreign oil, we have to focus attention on transportation--68 percent usage of the oil we import.  We know if we want to reduce dependence on foreign oil, this is what we need to do. Here is a list of all the different technologies currently available. I won't read them all through but will make them part of the Record as part of my statement: transmission technology, engine technologies, vehicle technologies that could be used right now to make cars and trucks more efficient.  What is going to happen over a period of time, though, is we are going to see a lot of debate about different cars and different trucks. Let me show you one in particular. I just mentioned hybrid vehicles. My wife and I decided a few months ago to buy a new car. We wanted to buy American. We did not need a big monster SUV. It is basically just the two of us and maybe a couple of other passengers. We wanted something American and fuel efficient.  Go out and take a look. You will find there is one American-made car on the market today that even cares about fuel efficiency--the Ford Escape hybrid. That is the only one. The others are made by manufacturers around the world. It turns out they are not making too many of these Ford Escape hybrids. In the first quarter of this year, Ford made 5,274. Take a look at the competition. Japan again, sadly, got the jump on us. When they came up with their Honda Accords and Civics, they ended up selling 9,317 and then 14,604 the first quarter. Toyota was 13,602, and look at the number here: 34,225.  What I am telling you is, how could Detroit miss this? When we look at the big numbers, the total sales for these cars for hybrids sold, total hybrids sold in 2004 before we ended up having an American car on the market was 83,000 vehicles. Where was Detroit? Where are they now? The only place one can turn is a Ford Escape hybrid. What are they waiting for? Do they want the Japanese to capture another major market before they even dip their toe in the water?  We have to understand that there is demand in America for more fuel-efficient cars. We also have to understand the technology is there to dramatically increase gas mileage. This Ford Escape hybrid my wife and I drive is getting a little better than 28 miles a gallon. I wish it were a lot better. Sadly, some of the Japanese models are a lot better. At least it is better than the average SUV by a long shot and better than most cars we buy. They can do a lot better if Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler would wake up to the reality. Instead, they are stuck in the past. They are going to sell more this year of what they made last year. They cannotjust look ahead as, unfortunately, their competitors in Japan have done.  The National Research Council puts away this argument that we cannot have a fuel-efficient car that is safe. The National Research Council's recent report found that increases of 12 to 27 percent for cars and 25 to 42 percent for trucks were possible without any loss of performance characteristics or degradation of safety.  What we know now is that we have the technology to make a more fuel-efficient car. They do not have to be so dinky you would not want to drive in them. They accommodate a family, and you do not compromise safety in the process.  Look at history. The automobile industry in America has resisted change for such a long time. I can remember as a college student when they came out with all the exposes about the dangers of the Corvair. Oh, Detroit just denied it completely. The auto industry, sadly, has fought against safety belts, airbags, fuel system integrity, mandatory recalls, side impact protection, roof strength, and rollover standards. I am not surprised they are fighting against fuel efficiency, but I am disappointed. They just don't get the marketplace. As the price of oil goes up and the price of gas goes up, Americans want an alternative--a safe car they can use for themselves and their family that is fuel efficient.  Let me talk about the loss of jobs. The argument is made that if we have more fuel-efficient cars, we are just going to be giving away American jobs. It comes from the same industry where General Motors announced 2 weeks ago they were laying off 25,000 people, and Ford announced they were laying off 1,700 this week. They have to see the writing on the wall. Their current models are not serving the current market. Their sales are going down while the sales from foreign manufacturers are going up.  There was an auto industry expert on NPR a few weeks ago, Maryann Keller. She said:       General Motors has been focused in the United States on big      SUVs and big pickup trucks. . . . It worked as long as gas      was cheap, but gas is not cheap . . . They really have not      paid attention to fuel economy technology, nor have they paid      attention to developing crossover vehicles which have better      fuel economy. They've just been very late to the party and      that's probably their primary problem today in the      marketplace.  We ought to ask the American people what they want. We are going to hear a lot of people stand up and say what they want. I will tell you what the latest polls say: 61 percent of Americans favor increasing fuel-efficiency requirements to 40 miles a gallon. They get it; they understand it. The problem is they can't buy it. If you want to buy an American car that meets this goal in your family's mind, there is only one out there. Some will come trailing along in a year or two, but the Japanese have beaten us to the punch again.  Let's create an incentive for Detroit and for Tokyo. Let's create an incentive for all manufacturers that are selling cars in the United States, an incentive that lessens our dependence on foreign oil, cleans up the air, and gives us safe vehicles using new technology. Those who are convinced that America cannot rise to this challenge do not know the same Nation I know. We can rise to it. We can succeed. We can meet our energy needs in the future by making good sense today in our energy policy.  