President, there is hardly one of us who has not heard a story that goes as follows: An elderly widow is living in her family home. Her children have moved out. She is getting up in years, but she is happy in her home, exactly where she wants to be. As time goes on, life gets more complicated for her, and someone takes advantage of her. There is a knock on the door and someone says to her: I just took a look at your roof. You must realize it is in terrible condition, and luckily I do roofing. I will be happy to repair your roof. Or, if you put vinyl siding on this old house, you could save so much on your heating bill. Or, did you notice that your basement foundation is starting to crack? That could be dangerous, and luckily I do the work.  You hear the story over and over, that this person--I do not mean to pick on elderly widows; it could be a widower, too--says: Sure, that sounds good. You seem like a nice, bright young man. Why doesn't your company come in and fix my house.  They say: Great. Here is a little contract we would like you to sign to have the home improvements.  They look at it and they say: It is tough for me to read it. I am not a lawyer.  Trust me, it is a standard contract.  They sign on the dotted line.  You have heard this story. Maybe someone in your family has been through this. Then what happens. The work turns out to be shoddy. They do not do what they are supposed to do. The charges are outrageously high. Then you take a look at the contract, and it turns out the contract creates a lien on the property, perhaps another mortgage on the property, perhaps a balloon payment, maybe interest rates that go right through the roof for the unsuspecting person. There are finance companies behind these door-to-door con artists who write out these contracts and end up, when all is said and done, owning the home.  That is not an outrageous story I have told you. It is repeated over and over, day in and day out, in my home State of Illinois and around the country. That is why I am proposing this amendment. This is called predatory lending. You know what a predator is: the animal that goes out trying to devour its prey. Predatory lenders do just that, too. This amendment is designed to penalize the growing number of high-cost predatory mortgage lenders who lead vulnerable borrowers down the path to foreclosure and bankruptcy. It is about balance, something this bankruptcy bill desperately needs.  If we are going to change the bankruptcy laws because too many people go to bankruptcy court, then we must also address predatory lending, which I have described, which is driving too many vulnerable Americans into bankruptcy court. If we are going to make the door to the bankruptcy court harder for consumers to open, then we must also make sure we are not protecting predatory creditors that force consumers to knock on that door.  There is no uniformly accepted definition of predatory lending. It is a lot like the old Supreme Court saying: I will know it when I see it. But high-pressure consumer finance companies have cheated unsophisticated and vulnerable consumers out of millions of dollars using a variety of abusive credit practices. Let me give examples of what they are: hidden and excessive fees and interest rates; lending without regard to the borrower's ability to pay; repeatedly refinancing a loan over a short period of time without any economic gain, known as loan flipping; committing outright fraud and deception, such as intentionally misleading borrowers about the terms of the loan.  Some automobile lenders in the used car industry have gouged consumers with interest rates as high as 50 percent with assessments for credit insurance, repair warranties, and hidden fees, adding thousands of dollars to the cost of an otherwise inexpensive used car. Pawn shops in some States have charged annual rates of interest of 240 percent or more. I could give you a lot more description of these predatory lending practices. Let me just tell you a few stories.  My colleagues who were listening to this debate know I have offered this before. They are likely to say: Herecomes Durbin again with the same old amendment. I am here again as I was in a previous Congress because this problem is still with us today. The last time I called up this amendment on debate on a bankruptcy bill we lost by one vote. This problem has only become worse since Congress defeated that amendment.  As predatory mortgage lending increases, it continues to target lower income women, minorities, and older Americans. In 1998, Senator Grassley of Iowa, my friend and colleague and the author of the bankruptcy bill, held a hearing in the Senate Special Committee on Aging looking into predatory lending. At the hearing, this is what a former career employee of that industry had to say.  Listen to how he described his customers:       My perfect customer would be an uneducated woman who is      living on a fixed income, hopefully from her deceased      husband's pension and Social Security, who has her house paid      off, is living off credit cards but having a difficult time      keeping up her payments, and who must make a car payment in      addition to her credit card payments.  This witness acknowledged that unscrupulous lenders specifically market their loans to elderly widowed women, blue-collar workers, people who have not graduated with higher education, people on fixed incomes, non-English speaking, and people who have significant equity in their homes.  That statement was made in 1998, 7 years ago. Six years later, February 2004, the Special Committee on Aging held another hearing on the same subject. At this hearing, held just 1 year ago, this is what a witness from the Government Accountability Office said:       Consistent observational and anecdotal evidence, along with      limited data, indicates that for a variety of reasons,      elderly homeowners are disproportionately the targets of      predatory lending. Because older homeowners on average have      more equity in their homes than younger homeowners, abusive      lenders could be expected to target these borrowers and      ``strip'' the equity from their homes. The financial losses      older people can suffer as a result of abusive loan practices      can result in the loss of independence and security,      significant decline in the quality of life.  So has the problem of predatory lending gone away, as my opponents might argue? No, it has gotten worse.  What else has been going on since we first considered this in the Senate?  The AARP Litigation Foundation, which files lawsuits to help seniors, has been party to seven lawsuits since 1998 involving allegations of predatory lending against more than 50,000 elderly Americans. As of February 2004, six of their lawsuits have been settled, and one is still pending.  Minorities are still being targeted by these unscrupulous lenders as well.  According to the Center for Responsible Lending, Hispanic Americans are two and a half times more likely than whites to receive a refinancing loan from one of these lenders. African Americans are more than four times more likely to be targeted.  Let me share a credible article from the Los Angeles Times of February 2004 by Ameriquest, one of the largest subprime lenders. The article includes a story about how they tricked a minority, Sara Landa, from East Palo Alto, CA. She speaks Spanish and limited English.  She entered into a settlement with one of these companies, Ameriquest. After that, it was alleged that Ameriquest employees tricked her into signing a mortgage that required her to pay almost $2,500 a month, far more than her income from cleaning houses. All the negotiations were in Spanish. All the loan documents were in English. The only thing she ever received from Ameriquest in Spanish was a foreclosure notice. It is amazing.  In this same article, you will find statements from many ex-employees of this company, Ameriquest, asserting that while they worked for this company they were engaged in improper and predatory practices.  Mark Bomchill, a former Ameriquest employee, said he left his job because he didn't like the way Ameriquest treated people. He said that the drive to close deals and grab six-figure salaries led many of his fellow employees astray. Listen to what he said. He said:       They forged documents, hyped customer's credit worthiness      and ``juiced'' mortgages with hidden rates and fees.  Two other former employees said borrowers were often solicited to refinance loans that were not even 2 years old. This happened even though Ameriquest pledged in 2000 not to resolicit customers for at least 2 years. They completely ignored that pledge.  Nearly one in nine mortgages made by Ameriquest last year was a refinance on an existing loan less than 2 years old. The abuses don't end there.  Former Kansas City Ameriquest employees described another predatory practice by the same company where they would fabricate borrowers' incomes and falsify appraisals.  Lisa Taylor, a former loan agent from Sacramento, said she witnessed documents being altered as she walked around the vending machine that people were using as a tracing board, copying borrowers' signatures on an unsigned piece of paper.  If you think these are isolated examples, exaggerated stories, let me refer you to a 2004 GAO study that found that this is a prevalent problem in the subprime mortgage industry--this predatory lending. They found plenty of indications that predatory mortgage lending was a major and growing problem in the year 2004.  According to the 2004 study, in the past 5 years, there have been a number of major settlements resulting from government enforcement acts. I will mention a few.  Household International agreed to pay up to $484 million to homeowners across America to settle allegations by States that it used unfair and deceptive lending practices.  In September 2002, Citigroup agreed to pay $240 million to resolve FTC and private party charges that Associates First Capital Corporation engaged in systematic and widespread abusive lending practices.  In March 2000, First Alliance Mortgage Company settled with the Federal Trade Commission, six States, and the AARP to compensate borrowers more than $60 million because of their deceptive practices to lure senior citizens. An estimated 28 percent of the 8,700 borrowers in that suit were elderly.  These are documented. While some victims of predatory lending are lucky enough to receive compensation because of these lawsuits, many more have fallen to predatory lenders, and they never can turn to our legal system for help.  Here is an astonishing statistic. Mr. President, 1 in 100 conventional loans ends in foreclosure, but 1 in 12 subprime predatory loans ends in foreclosure. While it might be expected, these loans, because they are made with less creditworthy borrowers, would result in an increased rate of foreclosure, but the magnitude of the differences tells us that there is more at stake here than just the creditworthiness of the borrower.  The Senate Banking Committee held a hearing in July 2001. At that hearing, a report from the Center for Responsible Lending was released which showed the predatory lending practices cost American borrowers an estimated $9.1 billion annually.  Let me tell you why I am offering this amendment. Imagine, if you will, that it is your mother, father, grandmother, or grandfather alone in their home, and they signed this home improvement loan or signed this refinancing, which you learn about months later. You say: Grandma, you didn't tell me that you had somebody come in and do some work, and you didn't tell me you signed these papers. Did anybody read them?  No. He seemed like such a nice man, and he told me it was a standard form.  And you take it over to your family attorney. He says: My goodness. What your grandmother signed here is a remortgage of the property. She owned the home, and now, by buying vinyl siding, she has remortgaged her property and promised to pay back just a few hundred dollars a month to start with, but in a matter of a year or two, it explodes. The balloon pops, and it turns into a $2,000-a-month payment.  How is she going to pay it? Let us assume the worst circumstance--she doesn't pay. The mortgage is foreclosed on. She is about to lose her home, and she files for bankruptcy. She has nothing left on this Earth except a Social Security check, maybe a little pension check, some savings, or meager savings. She goes into bankruptcy courtto try to get out from under this burden. Guess who shows up at the bankruptcy court. The same predatory lender shows up saying: We own whatever she owns. She signed this mortgage.  Is it fair? Is it fair for somebody to take in a legal document, a predatory mortgage, that takes advantage of elderly people, and then be protected in the bankruptcy court? I don't think so.  If we are going to hold people coming into bankruptcy court who file for bankruptcy to the high moral standard of paying back their debts, should we not hold the creditors walking into bankruptcy court to a similar high moral standard that they must have followed the law, that they must have engaged in this highly regulated, moral conduct?  The amendment I am offering prohibits a high-cost mortgage lender from collecting on its claim in bankruptcy court if the lender extends credit in violation of existing law--the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994, which is part of the Truth in Lending Act.  I am not reinventing the law. I am just saying when you issued this mortgage, you violated the law. You took advantage of a person by violating the law. You cannot then go in court and say protect me with the law. You can't have it both ways. If you broke the law to incur this debt, you can't go in court and ask for the law to protect you to collect the debt.  That seems to me to be just. If you were legal in the way you treated this person, then you can use the law in enforcing your debt. If you were illegal in the way you treated this person, you can't go into court and use the law to collect on that illegally based debt. That is simple.  When an individual falls prey to lenders and files for bankruptcy seeking last resort help, the claim of the predatory lender will not be allowed against a debtor. If the lender failed to comply with the requirements of the Truth in Lending Act for high-cost mortgages, the lender has no claim in bankruptcy court. The law has long recognized the doctrine of unclean hands where a party to an illegal agreement is not able to recover damages from other parties to such an agreement because the claimant itself was the party to an illegality.  My amendment is not aimed at all subprime lenders. The amendment will have no impact whatever on honest lenders who make loans that followed the law even if the loans carry high interest rates or high fees. Instead, it is directed solely at the bottom feeders, the scumbags, the predator lenders. My amendment reinforces current law and will help ensure that predatory lenders do not have a second chance to victimize their customers by seeking repayment in a bankruptcy proceeding.  Second, this amendment is not aimed at technical violations of the Truth In Lending Act. The violations must be material. I specifically made that change in my language to address some of the concerns raised in the first debate.  Third, the amendment does not amend the Truth In Lending Act. There is no question as to whether the Senate Banking Committee has any jurisdiction. We do not change the Truth In Lending Act. I point out the bankruptcy bill does amend that act in some parts. My amendment absolutely does not.  Some may argue the amendment is unnecessary because current law is sufficient. I disagree. I recognize Congress has passed numerous laws that Federal agents and regulators have used to combat predator lending, but predatory lending is on the rise. Many Americans are being cheated and duped by these unscrupulous business people.  President Bush has attempted to promote home ownership as part of the vision of an ownership society. I applaud him. For my wife and me, the first time we purchased a home was a turning point in our lives. We started to look at the world a lot differently. This was our home, on our block, in our neighborhood, in our town. It is an important part of everybody's life. I support that. But unless we rein in the abusive behavior of some in the lending industry, we will be promoting not an American dream, but an American nightmare for thousands of homeowners.  Let me say one more word. The last time I offered this amendment, the most stunning thing I learned was that the major financial institutions in America, the big boys, the blue chips, the best in the industry, oppose my amendment. You think, wait a minute, why would the best financial institutions in America oppose an amendment to stop people from cheating and violating the law in issuing mortgages? I never quite understood. Maybe their logic is this: If we let this amendment in where some of the worst lenders are held to the standard, then maybe the Government will take a closer look at us, too, so let's be opposed to all amendments. Let's try to protect everybody in the industry even if what they are doing is fundamentally unfair and even illegal. That is the best argument I can come up with.  I urge those in the financial industry who may be following this debate and desperately trying to see this bill pass, please be honest about this. Do you want to protect the subprime lenders, these predatory lenders who are engaged in the worst practices in your business? Why in the world would you want them to stay in business? Why would you want to protect them in court when they give lending a bad name, which is your business?  There are an awful lot of examples I can give. Let me mention a few cases before I close. Alonzo Hardaway owned a home in Pennsylvania for 28 years, raised his family there, went through a divorce there, his parents died there, but he no longer lives there. As of summer, he was living in a homeless shelter. Why? Because in 1999 a home remodeler and subprime lender convinced Mr. Hardaway to take a home equity loan for $35,000 at 13-percent interest to redo his kitchen windows and doors. When this 56-year-old man's trash hauling business faltered, he defaulted on his loan, his home was sold at a sheriff's sale and he was evicted in March of 2004. The loan is with The Associates, a large subprime lender later bought by Citigroup, which 2 years ago paid $215 million in fines for unscrupulous lending. That was documented in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.  There are many other examples. I mention one or two of particular interest. Here is one of a victim of appraisal fraud known as ``house flipping.'' Ms. Wragg, a retired school aide, found the home of her dreams in a little neighborhood in Brooklyn. It was a classic brick house with a porch, a backyard. She had not originally set out to be an owner, but her eyes drifted to an advertisement offering the home of her dreams. She began her journey.  Now, 2 years later, she said that journey has turned into a nightmare. Her life savings has been depleted by a house she could never afford. The house was appraised at far more than it was worth and Ms. Wragg was given two mortgages she would never have qualified for, carrying costs more than double her income. She blames the mortgage company, the appraiser, the lawyer who represented her, and United Homes, LLC, of Briarwood, Queens, the company that owned the home, placed the ad, and arranged almost everything about closing. This is what she said: I trusted them, because I had never done this before and I didn't know any better.  These cases go on and on. I will not read them into the Record. There is one in your community, in your State. Maybe it happened in your family. You have read about them. You have seen them on television. And I am sure you wondered, Who is going to stop this abuse and exploitation? We only stop it when we tell these companies we will not protect you in bankruptcy court. You cannot take away the home of someone if you have engaged in illegal practices in issuing your mortgage.  When we consider the amendments before the Senate on this bankruptcy bill, I hope we will not only hold those walking in the bankruptcy court seeking relief from their debts to high standards of moral conduct, we will also hold the creditors who are seeking repayment of debts to the same conduct, perhaps just legal conduct, which is the only standard I have included in my amendment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coburn). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  