 Madam President, I would like to close on this note: There is a lot of discussion here, starting with the President's inaugural, about the whole concept of an ownership society. I think this is going to be the driving philosophy and the driving political force behind the Republican agenda. The concept is alluring because the concept says: Wouldn't you want to control your own future? Wouldn't you like to own your future as opposed to depending on the Government? You cannot be certain that Congress and the Government will come through for you. So wouldn't you rather own your own future?  Boy, that has a lot of appeal, particularly to young people who feel invincible, that just given a chance: Let me take the money, let me invest for my future, let me make these decisions. That is not a bad quality. It is an independence that we encourage in individuals, and it is certainly one that I support. But we should not overlook the obvious.  At the heart of the ownership society is the basic belief that we should just remember that when it comes to America, we are all in this alone. I do not think that is true. I think history tells us that standing alone there are some things we can do but other things we cannot do.  If you want to be successful in America, you need good health. Can you control your own fate when it comes to health care? Only if the system treats you fairly. If you happen to be somebody with a preexisting condition and no insurance company will offer you coverage, you are not likely to be treated fairly. If you happen to be one who comes from a family with some history of mental illness, you will find rank discrimination by hospitalization insurance companies right now.  The point I am making is this: We have decided that to make certain people have a chance in America to succeed when it comes to health care, there will be rules of the game, there will be laws in States, and laws in the Federal Government and agencies to enforce them. Ownership? Yes. To have ownership of your future, you need good health care. To have good health care, you need to have a government standing behind you and protecting your right to fair treatment when it comes to health care.  How about education? Do you want to go it alone with the ownership society? Well, you may need a Pell grant to get through school. I borrowed money from the National Defense Education Act to get through college and law school. Students find, over and over again, were it not for Government programs, they might not be able to go to school. You want to own your future? Then you need to have leadership at the Federal, State, and local level to give you the chance to borrow the money.  What about your pension that you spend a lifetime paying into, believing you own that? That is not Government. I own that. And then the company disappears or walks away from its obligation to you. What fighting chance do you have? None, unless there is a law that protects you and an agency that will enforce that law.  So when you hear this alluring prospect of an ownership society, understand we value individual freedom on both sides of the aisle, but we also understand that in many instances the strength of our Nation is when we stand together--for fairness when it comes to health care, for opportunity when it comes to education, to have protection when it comes to your pension and your future.  We need a balance. Walking away from Government, as an evil entity, is ignoring the fact that Government, in many instances, is just the American family at large. As my wife and I care for our children, we care for others in this country and those who are shortchanged by this system and who are not protected. Even if it does not affect me directly and personally, it affects this country, and it affects my future.  So I hope we can find some balance. I hope, when it is all said and done, we do not get so caught up in this alluring notion of the ownership society that we forget, as we are learning with our military, we have learned in our history, there are times when we need to stand together as a nation for fairness and for justice. We say here is security, opportunity, and making certain people have responsibility in their actions.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  