President, 51 years ago today the Supreme Court, just across the street from the Senate Chamber, issued one of its most famous rulings in the history of the United States of America. The ruling was Brown v. Board of Education. It may have been one of the most courageous decisions ever issued by the Court. It rejected the cruel legal fiction of separate but equal and said that in the United States of America there would be no second-class citizens.  What an amazing victory for justice. But for some time, in some States, the Brown decision remained a victory on paper only. In much of the United States, in the Deep South, the Brown decision was met with massive resistance. Governors refused to obey the court ruling. Three years after that court decision, 48 years ago today, on May 17, 1957, 36,000 people gathered in Washington, DC, for the first march on Washington.  This is a photo of that march. We all know about the famous 1963 march, but the 1957 gathering was really the forerunner to that 1963 march. In those days, in 1957, it was known as a Prayer Pilgrimage for Freedom in Washington, DC.  Take a look at some of the people who gathered on that day 48 years ago. Dr. Martin Luther King, 29 years of age, was among those who gathered to speak. His leadership had been tested by the crucible of the Montgomery bus boycott. His remarks at the 1957 gathering were not nearly as well known as his immortal ``I Have a Dream'' speech in 1963, but they are powerful and worth repeating on this the 40th anniversary of the day he first delivered them. Here is how Dr. Martin Luther King opened his remarks on that day. He said:       Three years ago the Supreme Court of this nation rendered      in simple, eloquent, and unequivocal language a decision      which will long be stenciled on the mental sheets of      succeeding generations. For all men of goodwill, this May      17th decision came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night      of human captivity. It came as a great beacon light of hope      to millions of disinherited people throughout the world who      had dared only to dream of freedom.  Dr. King went on to say:       Unfortunately, this noble and sublime decision has not gone      without opposition. This opposition has often risen to      ominous proportions. Many states have risen up in open      defiance. The legislative halls of the South ring loud with      such words as `interposition' and `nullification.'       But even more, all types of conniving methods are still      being used to prevent Negroes from becoming registered      voters. The denial of this sacred right--  Dr. King said--       is a tragic betrayal of the highest mandates of our      Democratic tradition.  But Dr. King did not stop with this sad commentary on what he saw in America. He delivered his prescription for progress when he said:       And so our most urgent request to the president of the      United States and every member of Congress is . . . Give us      the ballot, and we will no longer have to worry the federal      government about our basic rights.       Give us the ballot and we will no longer plead to the      federal government for passage of an anti-lynching law; we      will by the power of our vote write the law on the statute      books of the Southland bring an end to the dastardly acts of      the hooded perpetrators of violence.       Give us the ballot, and we will transform the salient      misdeeds of bloodthirsty mobs into the calculated good deeds      of orderly citizens.  What a speech. Not nearly as heralded as his speech a few years later, but certainly what Dr. King said that day still touches the hearts of every American who dreams of the ideals of this great Nation.  Now, 51 years later, it is hard to imagine the way Brown v. Board of Education was received. Most Americans look back with pride to the end of segregation in our public schools. We regard it as a great achievement that 182 years after our Nation was founded, a new generation of Americans had the courage and conscience to confront the bitter legacy of slavery, the challenge that our Founding Fathers could not resolve with all their wisdom. These people had the courage to confront segregation and voting discrimination.  Many Americans didn't support Brown v. Board of Education, not in 1954, not in 1967. That is why 36,000 people gathered on the Mall 38 years ago today. Many southern States flatly refused to obey the Brown decision. The same ruling that Martin Luther King praised as a joyous daybreak, others denounced as judicial activism. Judicial activism--that is what they saidabout a decision to integrate America's schools. The courts had gone too far. Many argued: Leave it to the States to decide; this is not a decision to be made at the Federal level; certainly it is not a decision to be made in that Court across the street; those judges went too far, they argued in Brown v. Board of Education.  Does this sound familiar? That is exactly what we are hearing today. The words in opposition to Brown v. Board of Education echo through this Senate Chamber and the Halls of Congress even today.  Sadly, we may be on the verge of a constitutional confrontation over the Senate's constitutional advise and consent responsibilities regarding Federal judges. To listen to many on the far right, you would think it was events only in the last few years that have pushed us to the brink, but that is not the case.  Earl Warren of California was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court during the momentous Brown decision. The John Birch Society began putting up ``Impeach Earl Warren'' billboards in 1961. Later they tried to impeach William O. Douglas, one of the most outspoken and eloquent Justices on the Court. The far right tried to impeach Frank Johnson. Who is Frank Johnson? An interesting story.  Just a few years ago I joined John Lewis--he is a Congressman from Atlanta, GA, and what he does each year is invite Members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, to come back down south and visit Montgomery and Birmingham and Selma. John Lewis is the perfect guide for these visits because John Lewis was there on that bridge in Selma, marching toward the capitol so that African-American people would have the right to vote. Because this young man had this idealism to participate in that march and the freedom rides, he had his skull cracked at the Selma bridge. It almost killed him.  I asked John Lewis, tell me about the Federal judge, Frank Johnson, that judge in Alabama.  He said: We wouldn't have had a civil rights movement, we certainly would not have had that parade, demonstration in Selma, without the courage of that man, Frank Johnson. Frank Johnson, a Republican appointee to the Federal bench, stood up and said: Yes, these Americans have the right to march and speak.  It was really unpopular. A lot of people hated Judge Johnson because of it. He was persona non grata in his whole community. His family was harassed. He did courageous things that permitted the Montgomery bus boycott and the freedom marches across Edmund Pettis Bridge. For that, the far right, who accused him of judicial activism, wanted him impeached. They didn't agree with his decision. They said he went too far.  Since 1961, 8 of the 12 Federal impeachments or near impeachments in Washington have involved our judges. The far right has been demanding that the Senate rein in what they call ``activist judges'' for decades. What is different now is what used to be extreme, discordant voices just heard in muted tones, now own great microphones in this democracy. They have called on their followers in Congress to follow their agenda.  Sadly, they have many allies in high places--allies in the Senate who are willing to break the rules of the Senate to change the rules of the Senate so that the far right can pack the Federal courts with judges more of their liking, judges who are not activist by their definition.  Today their allies in the Senate are willing to use the nuclear option to destroy the filibuster and to really destroy our system of checks and balances.  The obvious question is, in a body of 100 men and women where counting votes is the most important thing: Do they have enough allies? For the sake of our democracy, I pray they do not. We hope there will still be a majority of Senators who love this country, love this Constitution, and love this Senate enough to preserve the Federal courts as a fair and independent branch of Government. This should not be an exercise of power by the extreme part of any political party.  One of the men I respected most in the world, probably the man who is responsible for my standing here today more than any others, was a man named Paul Douglas, who was a Senator from Illinois from 1948 to 1966. I will never forget that day in February of 1966 when he agreed to hire me as a college student to work in his office across the street in what is now the Russell Senate Building. It was one of the most exciting things I had ever done, a student from Georgetown University from East St. Louis, IL, was going to work in the office of a Senator.  I would have done anything they asked me to do, and they asked me to do a lot of things. But the most exciting thing I did was each night Senator Douglas, who had been gravely wounded in World War II as a marine in the South Pacific, insisted on signing all letters. With one arm, he needed help, and that's where I came in. I would sit next to him on a chair next to the conference table with a big stack of letters Senator Douglas was sending back to Illinois, and as he signed them, I would pull each letter away. That was my job as an intern.  It was an exciting job. It sounds boring, I'm sure. But this man who had done so much with his life would sit there as he signed the letters and answer my questions, and I had plenty of them, and talk about his life and the things that he had done.  He talked about the 1948 Democratic Convention, when civil rights really became the focal point of a national debate, when he grabbed the standard of the Illinois delegation at that convention and paraded around the hall leading a demonstration in favor of a mayor from Minneapolis named Hubert Humphrey, who said that we had to come out of the shadow of States rights into the bright sunshine of human rights.  Paul Douglas was as committed to civil rights as any man I ever knew. He helped lead the fight in the Senate in the 1950s and much of the 1960s to pass much of that historic legislation. He ran smack dab into the filibuster, the filibuster that was used by some Senators, primarily from the South, to stop the civil rights legislation. It was almost unbreakable. It took 67 votes in that day to stop it. You remember the filibuster? That is the procedure in the Senate where any Senator can stand at the desk here and speak as long as their voice and bladder will allow, stand up there and argue for all the principles and values they believe in. You saw it, Jimmy Stewart, ``Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.'' It is still in the Senate books. It is still the rule. It has been here for over 200 years.  Some people say that is crazy. In this age of technology, why would we want this body to be dragged down by one Senator who wants to talk?  But that is what the Senate is all about. That is why we are different than the House of Representatives. I served over there with pride for 14 years. I love the House of Representatives. But they are a different institution, under our Constitution. If you have a large State with many people, you will have more Congressmen. We have quite a few people in Illinois, 12.5 million; 19 Congressmen. Think of all the Congressmen from California. But then come across the Rotunda, how many Senators from California? Two. How many from South Dakota? Two. How many from Illinois? Two. How many from Rhode Island? Two. Because the Founders of our Nation said we will have one branch of the legislature which represents the population of America, but the Senate is different.  The Senate will give every State a chance. The Senate will allow the smallest States the same number of votes as the largest States, and within the Senate we will recognize and respect the right of any Senator from any State, large or small, to engage in debate. We will protect that Senator's right, even if many people think that is not a wise position the Senator is taking, because we want to protect the rights of the minority. That is why the Senate is different.  So Paul Douglas, when he argued the civil rights bill, ran smack dab into the filibuster. One would think, as much as he hated segregation and as much as he hated Jim Crow laws, that Senator Douglas and many other progressives, Democrats and Republicans, would have tried to eliminate the filibuster which held up the civil rights bill. But they did not. Why? Because that procedure is critical to what this institutionis all about. Doing away with the filibuster does away with the protection of minority rights. It changes the dynamic.  What happens when we have a filibuster? In order to stop the filibuster, an extraordinary majority of the Senate must come forward. Now it is 60 votes. So if a Senator stands and says, this is unfair and unjust and I am going to speak at length to tell you why, what does it mean? Not only that he is a person of conviction, but it means to resolve that difference, to try to move on from the filibuster, people of good will have to meet and talk and come to an agreement. The filibuster forces compromise, the filibuster forces bipartisanship, which the Senate is all about.  That is what has happened over the years. Those who were engaged in the civil rights debates played by the rules and sometimes lost by those same rules, but they won in time. Four months after the prayer pilgrimage that I mentioned in 1957, 4 months after 36,000 people gathered at the Lincoln Memorial to protest what they considered the slow progress in America to deal with segregation, 4 years after that day, Congress passed the 1957 Civil Rights Act, the first Federal Civil Rights Act since the days after the Civil War. After that came a 1960 voting rights bill, the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965.  Those advances were not won by impatient Senators breaking the rules. They were won by courageous Americans who persevered, who marched on Washington, who marched on Selma, AL, who dared to register and vote when that basic act of citizenry could cost you your life.  Near the end of his speech 48 years ago today, Martin Luther King told the thousands of people gathered at the prayer pilgrimage at the Lincoln Memorial:       We must work passionately and unrelentingly for the goal of      freedom but we must be sure that our hands are clean in the      struggle.  What Dr. Martin Luther King was saying in the dark hours of Brown v. Board of Education, when it appeared there was little chance that the Congress would respond, ``your hands must be clean in the struggle.''  That, my friends, is the debate we will face when it comes to changing the Senate rules. It isn't just a matter of achieving our goals; it is how we achieve our goals. The ends do not justify the means. Think of it: Dr. King, at the age of 29, having lived through the rank discrimination that was prevalent in many parts of America, still reminded those who were listening, play by the rules, keep your hands clean in the struggle. What he was telling us was that no matter how passionately we believe something, we are not entitled to rig the rules to achieve the outcome we want. That is not how it works in society. It is not how it works in families. It certainly is not how it works when you follow the rule of law.  There always will be some who reject court decisions they do not agree with as ``judicial activism.'' There will always be some who want to restrict the independence of judges and put their own stamp on the judiciary. There will always be impatient people who want to rig and change the rules or short circuit the rules of democracy. As Senators, we have taken an oath to defend our Constitution. It is our sacred responsibility to tell them no.  This is not the first time in our Nation's history that a President of the United States wants more power. It is a natural thing in government, and the Founding Fathers who wrote this Constitution understood it. They knew that if there was no check on the judiciary, judges would be too powerful. They knew if there was no check on the Congress, the Congress would take too much power. And they certainly knew that an Executive like a President would always want to increase his power over the people. That is what led them so many times to create the checks and balances which have resulted in what we enjoy--the longest lived democracy in the history of the world.  President Thomas Jefferson, 16 years after the Constitution was written creating an independent judiciary, Thomas Jefferson, the man who wrote the Bill of Rights, was reelected as President of the United States in 1805, said to the Senate, which met on the first floor of this building not far from where we gather, said to the Senate: You are a majority of my party. You know that Supreme Court--which is in the same building--is a court which has ruled against us and sees the world quite differently. Thomas Jefferson said to the Senate: Join me in impeaching Samuel Chase. Take this Justice off the Supreme Court and let all of these judges know if they do not see the world in the terms that we believe it should be in, they will be removed from office.  Understandably, Jefferson was frustrated by the judges who were not listening to him and following his beliefs. So he came to his party in the Senate and said: Join me. And they said: No, Mr. Jefferson. We are loyal to you and your party, but we are more loyal to the Constitution, and the Constitution insists the judiciary must be fair and independent and balanced. And they said no.  In more recent times, many can recall that Franklin Delano Roosevelt, one of our greatest Presidents, reelected to a second term, frustrated by the Supreme Court across the street which had killed his New Deal legislation, said: It is time to do something about the old men on the Court. He came to this Chamber, this Senate, and said to the Democrats of his own party: Help me change the judiciary. We need to put more Justices on the Supreme Court to overcome those old men. The Democrats and Republicans in the Senate said: No, Mr. President. We respect you. We support your goals and your programs. But the Constitution is more important than increasing your power as a President over the judiciary.  And here we are today in the year 2005, coincidentally at the beginning of President George W. Bush's second term. And what do we hear from this President? He comes to this Chamber, to the Senate, and says to Democrats and Republicans alike: I want more power over the judiciary. I want to do something about those activist judges. And I resent the fact the Senate has not approved every judicial nominee which I have sent for approval.  Which takes me to my last chart. For those following debate, for those who want to know what the score is, it is 208 to 5 or maybe 208 to 10, depending on your count. But more than 95 percent of the nominees sent by President Bush to the Senate Chamber for approval have been approved. Mr. President, 208 to 5, and we are facing a constitutional crisis and confrontation because this President cannot get 5 judicial candidates he insists on?  One wonders if this President, coming to this Senate, would hear the echos of what Thomas Jefferson heard or Franklin Roosevelt heard where his own political party would stand up and say: Mr. President, we respect you, but we respect the Constitution more. We respect the Senate more. Sadly, few of those voices have been raised.  Within a matter of hours or days, we will face this historic constitutional crisis. I believe it comes down to some very fundamental principles. Neither this President nor any President should be allowed to change the rules in the middle of the game, to take away the right of extended debate on judicial nominees. Neither this President nor any President should be allowed to change the checks and balances which have given us our lifeblood as a nation for over 200 years. Neither this President nor any President should make a lifetime appointment of someone to a Federal court who is not prepared to take on that awesome task and to dispatch it with the kind of integrity and skill and commitment to the values of America we must insist on.  So in a short period of time, there will be a test in this Senate the likes of which it has never seen. We almost have to go back to the Civil War to recall a debate of this proportion. I sincerely hope my colleagues will rise to this challenge. I sincerely hope they will understand there is more at stake than whether a President has a good press release one day, whether some supporters cheer them on for standing up for 5 or 10 nominees, who understand that what we are debating is, sadly, going to be viewed for generations as a test of whether we are truly committed to preserving and defending the Constitution of the United States.  I still have great hope. I still have great hope that enough RepublicanSenators will stand up to this President as Thomas Jefferson's party stood up to him, as Franklin Roosevelt's party stood up to him and said: Mr. President, we respect you, we believe in your program, we will support you, but first we have to be guided by our Constitution, and we cannot increase your power in this Government at the expense of the balance that was created by the wisdom of our Founding Fathers.  I yield the floor.  