 With the 2 reconciliation bills--the bill that we are considering today that cuts services for the poor and the bill that we will see again in January that cuts taxes for the wealthy--we again are saying to the American people that we believe in shared sacrifice . . . so long as this sacrifice is made only by those who can least afford it. Especially in a time of war, this is wrong.  I didn't vote for the Senate version of the spending reconciliation bill a few weeks ago because I didn't think that it was right to try to reduce our huge budget deficit by cutting funding for those who need it most while cutting taxes for those who need it least.  Never mind, of course, that these two bills would actually increase the deficit, and therefore not even meet the purpose they were meant to serve.  Now we have received the conference report on the spending reconciliation bill, after the House passed this report late last night with almost no review or debate. The report cuts funding for the needy far more than the originalSenate bill did, and therefore is even worse than the bill we saw a few weeks ago.  I will attempt to address 6 of the many areas in which this bill cuts services to those who need these services most: Medicaid, Child Support Enforcement, Child Care, Supplemental Security Income for the Disabled, Foster Care, and Higher Education.  First, this conference report asks for more from those who need Medicaid services while asking nothing of pharmaceutical companies and HMOs. In fact, this bill was a victory for big business.  This conference report allows States to increase the Medicaid copayments that many beneficiaries must pay in order to receive health care services and medications. The original Senate bill included no increases in copayments or premiums.  This conference report, however, reflects the House cuts, which overwhelmingly impact beneficiaries.  The House and Senate conferees also chose to leave a $10 billion Medicare slush fund for managed care companies intact.  The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, MedPAC, an independent commission appointed to advise Congress on Medicare spending, found that the $10 billion slush fund was unnecessary and unwarranted, and recommended its elimination.  The Senate included its elimination in the Senate-passed budget bill, but the managed care companies and the administration went to work on the conferees, and the slush fund lives.  That means the Secretary of Health and Human Services will have $10 billion to dole out to multimillion dollar managed care companies while States will be allowed to increase the copayments of patients making below the Federal poverty level, which is slightly more than $19,000 per year for a family of four.  The average compensation of the highest paid executive in each of the 11 largest managed care companies in America was approximately $15 million in 2002. These companies are not the ones in need of Government subsidies.  Another example of this conference agreement's choice of big business over working Americans is the giveaway to pharmaceutical companies while punishing poor seniors who need nursing home care.  The Senate version of this bill insisted that Medicaid get the best pharmaceutical prices by increasing the minimum rebates drug manufacturers are required to pay the Medicaid program.  In a victory for the pharmaceutical industry, this provision was stripped. Meanwhile, provisions that would substantially impact middle-income seniors in need of nursing home care were maintained.  Medicaid was not meant for people who have enough money to afford their own nursing home care, and rules restricting the transfer of assets to qualify for Medicaid are necessary.  However, the rules adopted by the conferees are overly restrictive and punish middle-income seniors.  Under the rules outlined in this conference report: A woman who helped her granddaughter with her college tuition 5 years ago would be penalized.  A widow who doesn't know what her husband spent their money on before he died 4 years ago would be penalized.  A senior whose home appreciated during the housing boom to $500,000 would be refused Medicaid, even if her house is modest. Medicaid has always had the right to collect from the home of a beneficiary through a lien. Now, we are going to deny coverage altogether to a senior who happens to live in an active real estate market.  The typical nursing home resident is a widow in her 80s with 3 to 5 medical diagnoses who needs help with most daily activities. Almost half have Alzheimer's disease or another dementia. Many have no immediate family. Why are we punishing them and rewarding HMOs and pharmaceutical companies?  A budget is more than a collection of numbers; it is a reflection of values. We should all value health care for the least among us.  This conference report makes many more cuts beyond the cuts to Medicaid.  Many low-income mothers cannot afford to lose the child support payments to which they are legally entitled simply because deadbeat dads can get away with not paying to support their children. Yet the House has created a conference report that cuts $1.5 billion over the next 5 years and $4.9 billion over the next 10 years from the funding for child support enforcement.  The CBO estimates that this will result in $8.4 billion being taken out of the pockets of mothers who are owed child support over the next 10 years.  This conference report includes $1 billion in additional funding for childcare. That sounds pretty good. But since the report would dramatically change the way the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program works, the negative effects on childcare of the conference report as a whole are simply huge.  The Congressional Budget Office estimates that this conference report provides $11 billion less than what States would need in order to support the new TANF work requirements that this bill requires and to maintain the existing childcare programs for low-income working families not on TANF.  Because of this shortfall in funding, many States will likely be forced to reduce the number of childcare slots available for TANF families. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, an estimated 255,000 fewer low-income children will receive childcare assistance by 2010 compared to the children who received it in 2004.  This conference report also uses a budget gimmick to make it appear that the bill saves more money that it actually does. Shamefully, this gimmick comes at the expense of poor people who need supplemental security income.  Let me explain. Today, when disabled people are forced to wait for many months to be approved for supplemental security income by the Social Security Administration--and unfortunately this seems to happen quite often--the money that these disabled individuals are owed is paid in one lump sum once these folks are approved for this supplemental income. Under this conference report, however, these people would instead receive the support for which they are eligible in installments.  Why? So that when the savings of this conference report are calculated, it will appear that the savings are bigger than they really are, since some of these payments will be pushed outside of the 5-year ``budget window.'' But this accounting gimmick comes with a real cost: the disabled have to wait longer for the help that they need. That is just shameful.  The conference report also cuts $343 million in foster care funding, including cuts that will make it more difficult for some grandparents to raise their own grandchildren.  Finally, much has been said already about the $13 billion cut in Federal financial aid for college students in this bill. About one-third of the total cost-savings in the budget reconciliation bill come from the student loan program.  This bill dramatically increases the cost to middle-income families of borrowing money to send their kids to school.  The PLUS program, Parent Loans for Undergraduate Students, is available to families who have exhausted their Stafford loan eligibility, are credit worthy, but have run out of money for college before their kids are done with school.  Today, PLUS loans are made to parents at an interest rate of 6.1 percent. This conference report hikes that interest rate to 8.5 percent. For the 800,000 families with a PLUS loan, that is an average increase of $550 per year. Instead of paying $989 in interest, they will pay $1,541.  At a time when we should be doing everything we can to prepare our students to compete in the economy of the 21st century, it simply makes no sense whatsoever to make it harder for low- and middle-income students to go to college.  In summary, there is simply no reason why we should support this conference report which goes much farther in cutting support for the needy than the bill that we barely passed by a vote of 52 to 47 a few weeks ago. If we are going to ask some Americans to share in the sacrifice that wartime requires, we should ask all Americans to share in that sacrifice, not only those who are most in need.  