President, I rise in support of the U.S. Department of Transportation's disadvantaged business enterprise, DBE, program contained within the surface transportation reauthorization bill. The DBE program is critical to providing equal opportunities to small businesses that are owned and controlled by minorities, women, and others in our Nation who have been socially and economically disadvantaged. I am pleased that Congress is committed to its reauthorization.  This important DBE program has been in existence since 1983. It was created to remedy the demonstrated history of discrimination that has existed in our Nation against minority-owned small businesses. The program was amended in 1987 to include women-owned small businesses. In 1998, Congress reauthorized the DBE program for both minorities and women, in light of an extensive record of hearings and evidence showing the effects of discrimination on the ability of disadvantaged businesses to compete on an equal basis.  Although we have made progress as a Nation in the treatment of minorities and women, the evidence shows that discrimination endures. The U.S. Department of Transportation has conducted 15 detailed disparity studies since 1998 showing ongoing discrimination against businesses owned by these groups. The studies show a statistically significant disparity between the availability of minority and women-owned businesses in government contracting, and their utilization. Courts have consistently held that such evidence is strong evidence of unlawful discrimination and of the need for the continuation of the DBE program.  There is also ample anecdotal evidence showing that discrimination in contracting still exists. Loretta Molter started her own business in Frankfort, IL, in 1987, and her business was recently named subcontractor of the year by the Illinois Department of Transportation. But in a letter that Ms. Molter wrote last year to the Women First National Legislative Committee, she stated: ``Prime contractors tend to take advantage of small minority or women businesses. . . . If the goals were eliminated, general contractors would not use minority or women business owners. . . . There is a good ol boy's network, be it on the golf course, on trips, or dinner/lunch meetings.''  And consider the words of Takyung Lee, an Asian-American owner of a small trucking company in Wauconda, IL. Lee submitted a statement to the city of Chicago last year that discussed the disparate treatment faced by Asian Americans in the trucking business: ``When we do get jobs, we are targeted and harassed. Our drivers are stopped and checked for identification when others are not. We have to show proof of health, welfare and pension payments when other companies get away with these and other violations. . . . It seems that some people think an Asian American does not belong in the construction business. I have worked hard to prove them wrong but face discrimination and unfairness every day. I wonder how much success I could have if I did not have to fight so hard against people who are prejudiced?''  It is unfortunate that Asian Americans, women, and other participants in the DBE program must ask themselves that painful question. We can hope for a day when we have a color-blind society and equality of opportunity, but that day is not yet here. The surface transportation reauthorization bill recognizes this reality and gives new life to a program that is trying to level the playing field for those who continue to be socially and economically disadvantaged in the 21st century.  