 They have had a tough 6 months. They have had recordbreaking profits of $40 billion over the last 6 months, and now they want the option to go drilling for oil in a wildlife refuge we promised to protect 45 years ago so they can drill and export oil to other countries for their economy. Is that what this debate is all about? Sadly, I am afraid it is.  The argument that this is just going to affect 2,000 acres--I am sorry--having flown over this area, having seen what happens, I know and the Department of Interior knows it isn't just about the pad where you drill. It is about roads and airstrips and pipelines and water and gravel sources and base camps and construction camps, storage pads, power lines, powerplants, support facilities, coastal marine facilities--it is a huge undertaking. You may see that postage stamp of drilling, but there is a lot more in support of it that is going to have an impact on this environment.  This is an abdication of leadership. To say that we have no other place to turn in America other than to drill in a wildlife refuge is an abdication of leadership and a concession to greed by the oil companies. How have we reached this moment where the leadership in America cannot turn to the American people and say: We can't go this far. We can't cross this line and drill in a wildlife refuge that we promised for 45 years to protect. We have to find other ways to reduce our dependence on foreign oil to make the cost of gasoline more affordable.  And there are other ways. If we improve the miles per gallon on the cars and trucks we are driving today by 2 miles a gallon, it would make up for all of the oil we are talking about drilling out of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. This Senate, given a chance to vote for more fuel efficiency, refused so we can continue the habit of buying fuel-inefficient cars and trucks, driving gas guzzlers, saying we are going to drill our way out of our problems, that we will continue to be dependent on foreign oil. There has been no leadership from this administration to talk about efficiency and conservation and making our cars and trucks more fuel efficient which would make this debate absolutely unnecessary. America can do better when it comes to energy.  This White House argues that all we can do to get out of a problem is to drill our way out. Except the obvious, America has only 3 percent of the known oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent. We cannot drill our way out of this problem. Today, we will sacrifice a wildlife refuge. Tomorrow, the oil companies want to drill off our coastlines. What comes next, the Great Lakes? Where will this end? It will end with leadership and vision for an energy policy for America that reduces our dependence on foreign oil with responsible environmental production, with conservation techniques, with energy efficiency, with renewable and sustainable fuels instead of drilling away in wildlife refuges we promised our children we would protect.  America can do better with leadership and with vision.  I urge my colleagues, support the Cantwell amendment. Understand that this is not the answer. Drilling for oil in Alaska to export it to China is no answer to America's energy security challenge.  I yield the floor.  