President, this is a sad day in the Senate. It is a sad day in two respects. Yesterday, we were debating a bill, the Department of Defense Authorization Act. It is an important bill. It is a $440 billion bill for our American military: our soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, members of the Coast Guard, Guard and Reserve. We were trying, in that bill, to help our fighting men and women and their families.  We had a long list of amendments that we wanted to consider: extra pay for totally disabled veterans, help for the widows and orphans of combat soldiers who die in the line of duty, fair compensation for Guard and Reserve when they are activated and they are Federal employees, daycare for the families of soldiers who are activated, quality-of-life issues for the men and women in uniform who are fighting for America.  A decision was made by the Republican leadership to leave that bill, leave that issue, to come to this one. What could be more important for us to consider than the safety, the lives, and fortunes of the men and women who serve our country and risk their lives, on military duty, and their families?  Well, in the estimation of the Republican leader, Senator Frist, there was one issue that was more important than talking about our men and women in uniform. That issue was providing immunity from liability for one industry in America, to say that of all the businesses in America that provide us with goods and services, all of the businesses that are currently held responsible for wrongdoing, we will create one exception. We will say, if the gun industry is guilty of wrongdoing, they cannot be sued. That is right. The firearms industry, which sells millions of firearms each year in the United States, should not be held responsible for their bad conduct and wrongdoing.  It is hard to say those words and not shake your head. If personal responsibility is what it means to be an American and an American business man or woman, why in the world would you exempt one industry and say they are special, they are political royalty, they cannot be held liable for their misconduct? And why did we move to this bill and away from the Department of Defense authorization bill to help our soldiers and their families? The answer is too obvious. It is because of the political clout of the National Rifle Association and the gun lobby. It is the only group I can think of which would just go straightforward with the concept they are more important to the Senate calendar than the fighting men and women who are now risking their lives for our country. They have done it many times.  The NRA runs certain people in this Chamber and on the other side when it comes to the agenda. They decide what will be taken up and what amendments will pass--an extremely powerful group. The NRA succeeded in having the Senate debate guns--and that is a rare debate--but only when it comes to this question of gun immunity.  Isn't it interesting, we want to put an amendment on this bill that says when you sell a firearm you have to check to see if the purchaser is on a watch list of terrorists. Is that unreasonable? If you have computer access through your store--and these stores do--shouldn't you check to see if that person standing across the counter from you is on the watch list for terrorism in America? That concept is rejected by the National Rifle Association. Background checks: extremely limited. Information gathered about criminal people is to be destroyed so quickly that it is of little value to law enforcement.  A March 2005 report from the Government Accountability Office found that between February and June of 2004, people on U.S. lists of suspected terrorists applied 44 times to buy guns. It is not unheard of. It happens in this country. In only nine instances were they turned down. In the months since the study ended, 12 more suspected terrorists had the green light to buy or carry guns.  FBI Director Bob Mueller--whom I respect very much--said he was forming a group to study the problem. Why aren't we talking about this instead of granting immunity for the gun dealer who sells a weapon to someone he should have known could misuse it for a crime or for terrorism? We are shielding them from civil liability for notliving up to their responsibility when it comes to the sale of lethal firearms.  Or we could talk about ways to solve the problem in America of guns being trafficked, many crossing State lines, and used in crimes. The ATF says 90 percent of the guns recovered in crimes were used by persons other than the original purchaser, other than ``straw men,'' people who bought them to sell them to criminals. One-third of all crime guns cross State lines.  In my State of Illinois, 47 percent of guns traced to crimes committed in Illinois originated in other States. One State, Mississippi--the little State of Mississippi--is far and away the per capita leader in selling guns exported from their State and used in crime. Do you know why? Because firearms laws are not really strictly enforced in Mississippi, and some other States.  From 2000 to 2002, Department of Justice prosecutors filed three cases in Mississippi for violations of gun trafficking laws. In contrast, 32 cases were filed in Kentucky, 28 in Tennessee. So we have gun dealers in Mississippi selling trunkloads of guns to people who get on the interstate and drive up to Illinois and, perhaps, your State, too, selling them to gun gangs and drug gangs on the streets, and then spreading out these guns to kill innocent people. And the people pushing this bill are arguing that we should not hold those firearms dealers responsible because they did not ``know'' that a crime was going to be committed.  One hundred ``Saturday night specials'' to stick in the trunk of your car, junk guns, that you would never use for sports or hunting, and they didn't know? They should have known. That is a standard in law almost everywhere: that you knew or should have known. They are changing the law. They are saying, for firearms dealers, we are not going to hold them to this same standard that we hold every other business in America to when people buy products.  There are lots of other issues we could talk about, the gun show loophole, and others. But I think one of the most important things we could talk about is why this bill is on the floor today. It is not because gun manufacturers and gun dealers are facing bankruptcy and a lot of litigation. I read into the Record yesterday--and will not repeat--the major gun manufacturers in this country have no problems in terms of profitability. In fact, one of the leading companies, Smith & Wesson, said:       In the nine months ended January 31, 2005, [Smith & Wesson]      incurred $4,535 in [legal] defense costs, net of amounts      received from insurance carriers, relative to product      liability and municipal litigation.  Mr. President, $4,500--does that sound like a business crisis that would move a gun immunity bill to the front of the calendar in front of the Department of Defense authorization bill? What it comes down to is this gun lobby has a lot of clout, and they are pushing for this sweeping immunity.  What kind of cases are we talking about? I said to my staff, you can talk about the law. And I could stand here as a person trained in law school and go through the obvious problems with this bill. But I think it is more important to talk about real-life situations. It is more important to give illustrations of why this is such a terrible bill.  Let me tell you about Anthony Oliver. Anthony Oliver was 14 years old. He was shot and killed on July 23 of last year while he was playing video games with his friend who was 13. Anthony's friend, his 13-year-old friend, had just bought a gun on the street for $50. He told the police he bought the gun with his allowance near his home because he was intimidated by a group of kids who jumped his friend and threatened to beat him up. He said he thought the safety was on when he accidentally killed Anthony with one shot to the stomach.  Federal investigators traced the gun. It was a ``Saturday night special,'' one of those cheap guns just used for crime. They traced it to Lou's Jewelry and Pawn store in Upper Darby, PA. From 1996 to the year 2000, this pawnshop in Pennsylvania sold 441 guns traced to crime. It ranks as the No. 1 dealer in Pennsylvania in selling guns to criminals and 43rd in the Nation among all gun dealers.  In 2003, the last year for which we have statistics, Lou's sold 178 guns traced to crime. That year, less than 1 percent of the more than 3,000 dealers in Pennsylvania sold even one gun traced to crime. So you have a handful of dealers, just a small percentage, who are not paying attention or ignoring openly the fact that they are selling guns over and over and over again to gun traffickers and to straw purchasers.  How is that done? Well, the person who has a criminal record and cannot buy a gun brings his girlfriend in, and while he is standing there picking out the guns, the girlfriend is handing over the credit card or the cash to pay for them. They cannot sell to him. He is a criminal. He has a record of felonies, so the girlfriend buys it. So should the gun dealer be aware of that? Why, of course. It is obvious.  Should they be held accountable if they should have known that gun, through that girlfriend, is going straight into the hands of a felon, straight on to the street, killing innocent people? In America, a jury decides that. They will not be able to when this bill is passed. When this bill is passed, those who vote for it have decided they will be the jury forever when it comes to those questions of liability. We are taking that matter out of the hands of American citizens. We are putting it in the hands of a handful of Senators.  The gun that killed Anthony was sold in 2003 by Lou's to a trafficker who had purchased six guns in a very short period. They bought multiple guns, including many ``Saturday night specials,'' which are small, easily concealed, low-quality handguns sought basically by kids, drug gangs, and those who are going to have a fast crime experience on a Saturday night.  The purchase of multiple firearms at once should have been a red flag to Lou, but Lou doesn't pay any attention to that: Give me some cash--I'll give you a gun; no questions asked.  When this bill passes, the family of Anthony Oliver will lose their lawsuit, the lawsuit they brought against Lou's pawnshop that continues to sell these guns used in crime. So what a great piece of news for that family: the tragedy of losing your 14-year-old son to a ``Saturday night special'' from a pawnshop which specializes in selling guns to gun traffickers and criminals. This is a great bill, isn't it?  Let me tell you about another case. Danny Guzman was a 26-year-old father of two from Worcester, MA, killed by a stray bullet fired outside of a nightclub on Christmas Eve in 1999.  After the shooting, the loaded gun used in the shooting was found behind an apartment building by a 4-year-old child. The gun had no serial number. They determined the gun was one of several stolen from Kahr Arms, a Worcester gun manufacturer, by their own employees, who hired many of these employees and, it turns out, never checked whether they had criminal records.  One of the thieves, Mark Cronin, who worked for this gun manufacturer, had been hired despite his history of crack addiction, theft, alcohol abuse, violence, and assault and battery. They did not check it. The gun manufacturer hired people to make guns and did not do a criminal background check on their employees.  Cronin told an associate that he took guns out of the Kahr company ``all the time'' and that he could just walk out the door with them. He took the gun that was used to kill Danny right off the assembly line. And he was pretty smart about it. He took it off the assembly line before it was stamped with a serial number. Smart guy. Can't be traced.  The investigation also led to the arrest of another employee, Scott Anderson, who had a criminal history, who pled guilty to stealing guns from the company.  Fifty Kahr firearms disappeared in a 5-year period. The local police captain classified the recordkeeping at that facility as ``shoddy,'' that it was possible to remove weapons without detection because they did not keep their records well.  Danny Guzman's family brought a wrongful death suit in Massachusetts State court against the owner of the gun manufacturing company, saying: You should have kept your records so you could see that guns were being stolen. And you certainly should have done a background check on your employees. Hiring somebody who has such a criminal record to work in a plantthat makes guns is clearly a question of negligence.  The trial judge denied the efforts of the company to dismiss the lawsuit, and it is still pending. Do you know what happens to that lawsuit by the family of Danny Guzman against that arms manufacturer if we pass this bill? It is immediately removed. They have no rights in court to pursue that. Why? Why would we say to a person who owns a company that makes guns that you are held to a lesser standard than a person who owns a company that makes toys? That is what it boils down to. You are doing it because the gun lobby insists on it. They want this immunity.  The case that has brought many policemen forward--and I will close with this--involves police officers. The last time we debated this bill, we said: Shouldn't we at least create an exception that if the gun is used to kill a police officer in the line of duty, that we are going to hold a gun dealer responsible if they should have known that? Wouldn't we hold a gun manufacturer responsible if they were involved in supplying guns to Lou's Pawnshop, which ranks one of the highest in the Nation of turning guns over to criminals? So we asked for an exception for law enforcement. It was defeated. All the people here who talk about law and order and how much they love policemen in uniform defending our communities and neighborhoods with their lives voted against them when they had a chance to put that exception in the law.  Let me give you a specific example. On January 12, 2001, police officers in Orange, NJ, were performing undercover surveillance at a gas station that had been robbed repeatedly. Someone acting suspiciously walked up to the gas station and then turned away. When Detective David Lemongello approached the man a few blocks away to question him, he responded by turning and opening fire. Detective Lemongello was hit in the chest and left arm, and the suspect fled. When additional officers, including Kenneth McGuire, found the man hiding beneath some bushes, the man started shooting again. Officer McGuire was hit in the abdomen and right leg. McGuire and two other officers returned fire and killed the man, even though they had been shot. Although Detective Lemongello and Officer McGuire survived, they have suffered serious, debilitating injuries.  The man who shot them was wanted for attempted murder and had been arrested several times. So how did he get a gun? How did this man come into possession of a gun? Gun trafficker James Gray traveled from New Jersey to West Virginia to buy his guns. He and his companion, Tammi Lea Songer, visited Will's Jewelry and Loan, a pawnshop in South Charleston, WV, and Songer acted as a ``straw purchaser'' by buying the gun for Gray who couldn't purchase it himself because he was a three-time convicted felon and out-of-State resident. The girlfriend bought the gun while he was standing there. Good old Will's Jewelry and Loan took the cash and handed the gun over.  They returned to Will's 17 days later, purchased 12 more guns--see the pattern--which the girlfriend bought and paid for with thousands of dollars in cash. Should the gun dealer have been saying at this point, This looks a little fishy? I think so. Reasonable people would. Gray picked out the guns for the girlfriend to purchase in full view of Will's Jewelry and Loan pawnshop personnel, a clear signal this was a ``straw purchase.'' One of those guns was the gun used to shoot these police officers, McGuire and Lemongello.  Will's personnel had reservations regarding the nature of the transaction but went through with it anyway before contacting the ATF to report their suspicions. The ATF then contacted the girlfriend, Tammi Lea Songer, who agreed to assist them in a sting operation that resulted in the capture of Gray. However, in the time it took the ATF to set up its sting, Gray had already trafficked the gun--sold it on the street--which was used to shoot these police officers.  The police officers and their families are suing the gun dealer, saying: You didn't use good sense and any reasonable standard of conduct in selling to this guy's girlfriend when you should have known something fishy was up. So they have a lawsuit against them and the manufacturer. Do you know what happens to this lawsuit from these policemen if this bill passes? It is over. Not another day in court. No chance for these wounded policemen or their families to recover.  Will's settled, incidentally, with Officers McGuire and Lemongello for a million and agreed to change its practices in terms of underground traffickers. If the current bill passes before this settlement is reached and final, justice will not have been done. The shop would not have agreed to take the steps to make the streets safer.  That is what we are up against--people who want to stand behind and protect gun dealers who are selling guns that they should know are going out on the street to menace and threaten innocent people.  How in the world have we reached this point that we leave the Department of Defense bill to come to this? It is a sad day for the Senate. It is sad to think that one lobby has so much power over the Senate that they can move us away from the men and women in uniform, to whom we have a first responsibility, to protecting gun dealers like Will's pawnshop in Virginia or Lou's in Pennsylvania. What in the world are we doing here? We owe it to the men and women in uniform and the policemen who risk their lives for us to defeat this bill. We owe it to the mothers and fathers who want their kids to come home safe every night and not be menaced by driveby shootings and ``Saturday night specials'' to defeat this bill. It is time to decide who you are working for in the Senate. Is it the gun lobby or the policemen and families of America?  I yield the floor.  