President, I thank the Senator from Alabama. This exchange is a rare and a good occurrence. As I said before, it is dangerously close to debate which we occasionally have in the Senate. I thank the Senator from Alabama for being here, even though we are on polar opposite sides of the debate. There should be more conversation and dialog on the floor such as this, a competition of ideas.  Nothing I said about his amendment reflects on him or his respect for the military. He has served in the military. I have not. I have great respect for him for having done that. But what I am trying to do with this amendment is to show what I think is appropriate respect to the men and women serving in uniform.  The point I made earlier was that the section of the underlying bill where people are presumed to have abused bankruptcy--in other words, they can pay their debts, but they try to get discharged from bankruptcy from their debt--that section is what the Senator from Alabama amended. So he puts into that section the requirement that the court take a look at the fact that the person filing bankruptcy may be in the military. That is all. That is the only point I am trying to make. I do not question his respect for the military in any way at all.  His amendment misses the point completely. Instead of presuming that the men and women who serve our country are abusing the bankruptcy laws when they go to file bankruptcy, I say stick to the current law. The current law allows a bankruptcy judge to make this determination. The new proposal by Senator Sessions, the one we are about to vote on, would require the service man or woman to file copious documents, incur additional legal costs, and then, if they are presumed to be abusing bankruptcy, to go through it all over again. What I am trying to do is spare them from that, and maybe it is soft on my part. Maybe I am not tough enough. I am trying to spare them because they are sparing me the worry about the safety of this country. They are serving this country in uniform. They are risking their lives. Yes, maybe I am going a little further than some would. I don't think it is an unreasonable leap. We understand the economic hardships that activation in the military can lead to.  Let me say a word about what used to be known as the Soldiers and Sailors Relief Act, now the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.  The Senator from Alabama continues to return to it, saying this is their protection. Well, there is some protection in this law as it currently exists, but not nearly enough. This law, as currently written, does not apply to debts incurred after military service begins. So if you are in the military service and have debts that are incurred because you are overseas--your family debts that could lead you into bankruptcy--there is no protection from the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. The protections are not automatic. You have to go to court and fight for them, too. Imagine that, fighting for your country overseas and being worried about fighting legal battles back home for lien enforcement on autos and other personal property being taken by self-help repossession. It doesn't fully protect servicemembers' spouses or dependents. These protections are not absolute.  If the creditor can show that the proceedings he instituted do not materially affect the serviceman, they can go forward. This bill, as written, doesn't stop debt collection harassment. This bill, as written, is providing protection that is only temporary at best and not long-term solutions to financial problems.  A member of my staff is active military and he is on detail to my office. I always go to him and ask him about these ideas, because he sees it from the eyes of a serviceman. He sent me a little note about Senator Sessions' amendment. He says it keeps the troops subject to the means test, but would allow a call or order to active duty in the armed services, to the extent that such special circumstances justify additional expenses or adjustments of current monthly income. This puts the service member at the mercy of someone else's opinion as to what was justified, what was reasonable. He gives an example, and a good one:       Suppose a soldier decides to keep his family in their home      rather than move them in with his parents while he is      deployed. You can understand why he might--the comfort of      their home, schools the kids are used to. Instead of picking      them up and saying I am going overseas and you are moving in      with mom and dad, he says stay in the home. Senator Sessions'      amendment would force that soldier to justify his decision to      keep the family in their home, made under circumstances that      few outside the military can appreciate. What may seem like a      reasonable alternative--picking up the wife and kids and      sending them to mom's and dad's house to live in the      basement, or in an extra bedroom, may not be reasonable in      that soldier's eyes.  What I am asking my colleagues in the Senate is, when you look at this Bankruptcy Code, join me in saying if we are going to give special consideration and help to the men and women in uniform--I don't think that is an unreasonable thing to do; I think we owe it to them--they ought to have a chance to go to court and be spared from this harsh means test and everything included in this bill to prove up where you stand. The judge, the trustee in bankruptcy, and others are going to make the ultimate decision as to whether you receive your bankruptcy.  Secondly, moving these soldiers all around the United States--at least if they file for bankruptcy, give them an option to choose an exemption under Federal law for personal protections and a $75,000 homestead exemption.  Finally, let me say this to these predatory lenders, the payday loan companies. The argument is if you treat them harshly in bankruptcy court, they may not be able to offer these 100-percent, 200-percent, 400-percent interest loans. I hope they go out of business tomorrow, to be honest. A lot of them are snaring these unsuspecting soldiers and marines and sailors into debt they can never get out from under. I think it is horrendous that men and women who serve our country should be subjected to that. I don't think a 36-percent a year annual interest rate, which we allow in the Durbin amendment, is unreasonably low. I think it is a reasonable return for a loan in most circumstances. It is far more than people pay for cars or homes today. They may pay that much on credit cards, if they are not careful. But to say the payday loan lenders are not going to have their day in court to exploit the men and women in uniform, I think, is a reasonable conclusion. It is a conclusion, frankly, that was joined in by a number of military groups that have endorsed this amendment.  For those colleagues following this debate, let me say that, to my knowledge, the Sessions amendment has no support from military families and support groups. It may have the support of the payday loan companies and some of the credit card companies and banks. But supporting my legislation are the Military Officers Association of America, Air Force Sergeants Association, National Association for the Uniformed Services, and the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States. I will stand with my supporters and ask my colleagues to join me in that effort.  Mr. President, at this time I will yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time. We are under a unanimous consent request, and I note that Senator Leahy of Vermont has come to lay down an amendment.  If I may get the attention of the Senator from Alabama for a moment. Senator Leahy is here to lay down an amendment. I would appreciate it if we can amend our unanimous consent request to give the Senator 7 minutes and protect and preserve the time we have remaining in debate.  