President, I commend my colleague from Illinois because he pointed to several issues in our State which dramatized the problem with this bankruptcy bill. This Horizon Mining Company in southern Illinois when it goes out of business not only shortchanges shareholders but leaves retirees in the lurch. We have reports of individuals who worked a lifetime for this mining company, paid in as they were supposed to, expecting to receive health care benefits after they retired, and then the company files bankruptcy and men and women with serious health issues--black lung and emphysema--find themselves without health care protection before they are eligible for Medicare. These are the people falling into the bankruptcy courts.  Our friends on the other side of the aisle say we need to change bankruptcy law because of moral failures in America, immoral conduct by people walking into the bankruptcy court when they should just pay their bills.  We go to the people who are supposed to monitor abuse in bankruptcy courts and they say of all the bankruptcies filed, only 3 percent--3 out of 100--may fall in that category. The credit card companies say it may be as high as 10 percent--1 out of 10--who should not be filing for bankruptcy. But, still, we are going to change the law for everyone walking into the court.  We find in reality--the Senator from Massachusetts has made this point--we are not talking so much about moral failures leading to bankruptcy, we are talking about economic failures leading to bankruptcy.  Professor Warren from Harvard Law School went out and actually asked the people filing bankruptcy, Why are you here today? What forced you into bankruptcy? Almost half of the people said medical bills. Three-quarters of those filed bankruptcy because the cost of their treatment was more than they could pay; three-fourths of them had health insurance when they were diagnosed, but it was not enough, or they lost their job, or the copays overwhelmed them.  If you are following this debate and you say, isn't it a shame these people did not plan for their future--the man who worked in the mine for 35 years planned for his future. He worked every day and he contributed every day to a pension, believing he would have health care. Guess what. Bankruptcy comes along, and he has no health care.  Take a look at the people walking into bankruptcy court. Did they plan for their future? They had health insurance. But it was not good health insurance. It had limits on it, and a catastrophic illness wiped them out. Is there one of us who believes we are somehow sheltered from this? Well, come to think of it, there may be. It could be Members of Congress believe they are sheltered from this. Do you know why? We have a pretty generous health insurance plan, as most Federal employees do. And when we retire, we are protected by that health insurance plan.  What is the likelihood a Member of Congress or retired Member of Congress will end up in bankruptcy court because of medical bills? Slim to none. So we live in this bubble, those of us in Congress, this bubble of protection, and think the whole world has the benefits we have. They do not.  Senator Kennedy has been arguing for years to take the same health care Members of Congress receive and offer it to America. Whoa, what a radical idea, another Kennedy extremist position, to take the same health care of Congressmen and offer it to America. If we did that, we would not be talking about medical bankruptcy in the numbers we are facing today. But there are these bankruptcies by people who planned, by people who had health insurance, by people who paid a lifetime into the system believing they protected their family. They are that vulnerable.  Along comes the credit card industry that says: We want to change the bankruptcy law so if you get crushed by medical bills, you cannot get out from under. You keep paying and paying and paying for a lifetime. One of Senator Kennedy's amendments says, losing your home because of a medical crisis in your family in bankruptcy is a tragedy we should avoid. He is right. Think about it.  I can give you examples. Let me give you one. I say to Senator Kennedy, I think this illustrates the point you are making. Senator Kennedy is trying to protect at least $150,000 worth of home for someone who goes into bankruptcy because of a medical crisis. Let me tell you about some people in Illinois.  Joyce Owens raised a son and a foster son and took care of her husband. She worked full time as a paralegal. Everything was fine with her family. She lived in Chatham, IL, 20 miles from my hometown. Then, in April 1997, her two sons Chris and Darrell were hit by a drunk driver. Darrell was killed. Chris, 27 years old, had a severed spinal cord and was rendered a quadriplegic.  Joyce was doing paralegal work at home because she wanted to stay there with her son Chris. He was in a wheelchair and needed help all the time. Slowly, working and caring for her son every day got to be too much and she was laid off.  Then, in 2000, 3 years after the accident, her husband died of a heart attack. He had always told her: Don't worry, I have life insurance. He did not. There was no life insurance. She was left to pay $200,000 in medical bills incurred by her quadriplegic son and the death of her husband.  How about that? Is that a moral failure? What did she do wrong morally? She worked her life to help her family, and when her son was in his worst condition, she did everything she could to help. And then she lost her husband as a helping hand. A moral failure? She tried to declare bankruptcy. Do you know why she did not? She would have lost her home--the home that was set up for her quadriplegic son.  So there she faces the dilemma. There is a lien on her home for the medical bills. She will not give it up because she cannot think of another place where her son can be taken care of. So what does it mean? A lifetime of $200,000 in debt for a woman who is doing her level best to take care of her family. She is one of the victims of this bill.  Under this bill, if she went to bankruptcy court, she would lose her home. She would not have enough equity in it to keep it. What is she going to do with that boy? He is now over 30 years old. She has dedicated the rest of her life to him.  Senator Kennedy says, if you face that tragedy in your family, we are going to protect your home. When it is all said and done, you get $150,000 worth of home after your medical bills are wiped out. Is this such an outrage to say to the credit card companies, to say to the financial companies: You ought to be a little bit concerned about Joyce Owens of Chatham, IL?  This is a good woman, a good mother, a good wife, from a good family, struggling every day, who is going to be hammered by this bill. She is no moral failure. She, in my view, is a moral standard for all of us to live up to. And this bill is going to penalize her because some Members of Congress think the credit card industry deserves more profit at her expense.  