By moving toward homegrown fuels and conservation, they have reduced their dependence on foreign oil to less than 15 percent, while the United States depends on foreign oil, consuming over 60 percent at the current time. And most of it, as the Senator said, goes into the cars and trucks we drive.  The Senator raises an issue that is near and dear to my heart about the fuel efficiency of cars and trucks. A little walk down memory lane: In 1975, when the price of a barrel of oil went up from $3 to $5, to $12, America went into a panic and Congress said: We have to do something about it. The average fuel efficiency of cars and trucks in America was about 18 miles a gallon. So we put in a Federal Government mandate that the auto manufacturing companies had to have an average fleet fuel efficiency of 28 miles a gallon, which they had to reach over the next 10 years. They had to move from 18 miles a gallon to 28 miles a gallon over the next 10 years. They screamed bloody murder. They said: It is technologically impossible. The cars and trucks we build will not be safe. And you are forcing America to buy foreign vehicles.  We ignored them. We said: Do it. We believe you can. If we have to order you to do it, we are going to order you. We ordered them to do it, and in a matter of 10 years they reached the goal of an average fleet fuel efficiency of 28 miles per gallon. The year was 1985.  It has been 20 years since then, and we have done nothing except watch the truck exemption--which we converted into SUVs--create this new breed of heavy, fuel-inefficient vehicle such as this god-awful Hummer. If you want to drive a Hummer, for goodness sakes, join the Army.  In this situation, these fuel-inefficient vehicles have dominated our market, and our average fuel efficiency in America has gone from 28 miles a gallon in 1985 to less than 22 miles a gallon today. We are importing more and more oil to drive the miles we need.  So I offered an amendment on the floor--and the Senator from Florida, I am sure, remembers it--and said: Is it too much to ask the auto manufacturers to increase the fuel efficiency of cars and trucks in America by 1 mile a gallon each year for the next 10 years so we can get to 32 miles a gallon?  The Senator knows what happened. We had resistance not only from theautomobile companies but their workers. Do you know what they said? They said: It is technologically impossible. The cars and trucks you want us to build will not be safe. And you are going to force foreign manufacturers on American consumers. They will not have any place to go. It is the same story we heard 30 years ago. The amendment was defeated.  But today I think if we called it up for reconsideration there would be a few more votes. People are understanding you cannot control your fate and you cannot control your pocketbook if you are spending $100 every time you drive into the service station to fill the tank of that SUV. So I think folks are more sensitive to it.  I have written to the big three manufacturers, to their CEOs, and said: Listen, it is time to sit down and get serious. The American consumers want a more fuel-efficient vehicle. You know you can do it. How can we work together to achieve it?  