President, I thank my colleague. Naturally, I am a little bit inclined to be in his corner because he is from Illinois and he is my colleague in the Senate. But I also think what he demonstrated in his statement is the reason why he not only is so highly regarded in my State of Illinois, but across the Nation, despite his new status in the Senate. With his background as a professor of constitutional law and his life experience, he has brought special talents to this floor. I thank him for his eloquent statement on this important issue.  I guess most people are following this debate and are saying: What is the Senate doing? Why are they sitting around debating day after day, week after week about a handful of judges? Isn't there something more important to do? Shouldn't we be talking about the schools of America, whether they are doing a good job educating our kids? Isn't it about time Congress spends a few minutes talking about the cost of health insurance to businesses, to people working, to families? Why in the world won't somebody on the floor of the Senate stand up and talk about all the people across America who are losing their pensions, people working 25, 30 years, and they are losing everything? So why do they sit there hour after hour and day after day talking about a judge? What in the world is wrong with those people in the Senate? Are they so out of touch with ordinary families in America?  Good question. It is a valid question. We are spending entirely too much time on a handful of judicial nominees, nominees who, frankly, I believe personally, should never have been presented to the Senate in the first place. They are too radical, they are too extreme, they push the envelope. When it comes to the ordinary process where a President picks a judge, it is almost routine around here. Oh, we take a close look at this person. We want to know if that person is honest, has good temperament, has good legal skills, is somewhat moderate in their views, and if the answers to those questions are yes, that judge moves through the process quickly. There is not much to it.  In fact, take a look at the scorecard of what has happened with President Bush's judicial nominees: 209 of these nominees have almost skated through the process. It did not take any time at all. But over the last 4\1/2\ years, nine of them have run into resistance and debate, and that leads us to where we are today and where we have been for several weeks discussing nuclear options and constitutional crises and constitutional confrontations. It is because President Bush insists on sending some of the most extreme people to us for approval. If he picks moderate people, they fall into this category of 209 and move through here, but when some special interest groups get the attention of the White House and say, We have to have our person, then the process breaks down and the debate goes on. And instead of talking about issues that matter to the families of America, we end up consumed in this debate over a judge for the D.C. Circuit Court.  So you say to yourself: Why do you do this? Why do you spend all this time talking about one judge, for goodness' sake, out of the hundreds across America? There are several reasons.  No. 1, if you as a voter in America decide to choose a certain man or woman to represent you in Congress--either in the House or in the Senate--you are literally giving that person a contract to work for you, but it is a limited contract. In the House, it is 2 years. I will vote for you, they will swear you in, and I will watch you. If you do a good job, I may vote for you again. If you do a bad job, I will vote against you. It is 2 years in the House and 6 years in the Senate. It is a limited contract. So if I make a mistake as a voter and I choose someone to represent me in Congress and I watch him and say, Who in the world are they representing; they are not representing me or my family, I can try to correct that wrong in the next election--2 years in the House, 6 years in the Senate. The voters speak.  But when it comes to judges, it is a different world. When the judges go through this process and get the approval of the Senate, they are given lifetime appointments. If you love them, you have the benefit of their entire life on the bench committed to justice. If you do not like them, you are stuck with them for a lifetime, which means these men and women who go through this process are never reviewed again. Except for the most extraordinary cases of impeachment, they are there for life. So we take a little more time because this is an important decision. It is a lifetime appointment of someone to the Federal bench, and we should take the time to ask the most important questions, and we certainly should take the time when we find one who is so exceptional that it raises many questions about policy and philosophy.  We should take the time to ask hard questions, questions such as, Do we really want this person presiding on a Federal bench with all the power that brings for a lifetime if that person's views are so out of step with the rest of America? Is that what we want?  Secondly, this is an important court. I will say this: One could call all 100 Senators together today and give them a blank sheet of paper and ask them to write down the names of all the judges on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, and I guess we could not come up with one or two. We kind of know who they are, but it is not as if we get up every morning saying: I wonder how that D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals is doing today. I wonder if they all showed up for work. I wonder what cases they are considering. No, it is not that. The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has a reputation. It has a reputation of being the launching pad for the Supreme Court. If one can get there, the highest regarded circuit court in America, they are one step away from the building across the street, the Supreme Court. And, yes, we do know the names of Supreme Court Justices, and we understand that many times each year they make decisions which can change America. So when we talk about the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, we are talking about a court with great potential for the judges on it, and we are talking about a court with jurisdiction over some of the most basic questions of government.  It is for those reasons, frankly, that we come to the Senate floor today to talk about Janice Rogers Brown. She is on the California Supreme Court. Of course, that is something that has been brought up many times as an indication of at least the voters in California having a positive view of who she is because they put her on the Supreme Court. But what they do not tell us about Janice Rogers Brown is that when she was first appointed to the California Supreme Court, she was judged not qualified by the Bar Association. Oh, they say, wait a minute, she was reelected with an overwhelming percentage. Ah, but that is not the whole story. She was not running against anybody. It is called retention. We have it in Illinois, too. What it means is you kind of run against yourself. It is not as if you run against another person. It is a ``yes'' or ``no'' vote on the ballot. Yes, she had a substantial percentage, but most judges running for retention do.  What we find in Justice Janice Rogers Brown is a person with such extreme views that it raises a serious question as to whether we want to give her a lifetime appointment to the second highest court in America, whether we want to position her for ascendency to the Supreme Court. That is what this boils down to. That is why this debate is beyond the usual debate.  President Bush's term will come to the end in 2008, absent some constitutional amendment, which I do not think will happen, and these judges, like Janice Rogers Brown, will be there long after George W. Bush is off to another career, whatever it happens to be. So we need to ask questions about who she is and what she believes.  What we do when we ask these questions is let her answer them. We have committee hearings where we ask the questions directly, but in other cases we ask the questions in hypothetical terms: What does she believe when it comes to certain things? We look to what she has said and what she has done for those answers.  When one looks at it, they find that she really is on the fringe. She is not a conservative; she is something else. She is something much more extreme. She has accused the courts of ``constitutionalizing everything possible'' and ``taking a few words which are in the Constitution like `due process' and `equal protection' and imbuing them with elaborate and highly implausible etymologies.'' Strip away the highfalutin language, and we get down to the bottom line.  The words ``due process'' and ``equal protection,'' which may be the foremost important words in that Constitution, she diminishes because she believes they have been used by courts to create rights. What does she say about the rights of Americans? Here is what she says: Elected officials have been ``handing out new rights like lollipops in the dentist office.'' She has complained that ``in the last 100 years, and particularly in the last 30, the Constitution has been demoted to the status of a bad chain novel.''  This is a woman who wants to sit on the bench and decide what the Constitution means, and the language she uses to describe what courts have turned to in this Constitution I believe gives us pause because we know that when it came 40 years ago yesterday, the Supreme Court across the street found what they thought was in our Constitution, though it was not explicit, and that was the word ``privacy.''  One can go through this entire Constitution and never find the word ``privacy.'' Forty years ago, the Supreme Court across the street was asked the following question: Can the State of Connecticut make it a crime for a married couple to buy birth control devices, pills, and other things? The State of Connecticut said: Yes, it is a crime, and we will send you to jail if you try to buy it, and we will send the pharmacist to jail who tries to fill the prescription.  Some people who are listening to this must be saying: The Senator from Illinois cannot be right. You mean it was against the law in Connecticut to even buy the birth control pill? Yes, it was.  So 40 years ago, the Supreme Court was asked: Can a State impose a law on its people so basic as to deny them the right to fill a prescription for birth control at a pharmacy? The Supreme Court across the street said: No, because we are dealing with a basic constitutional and human right of privacy. As an individual in America, one should be able to exercise their right of privacy to make their family decision when it comes to family planning. So in the case of Griswold v. Connecticut, 40 years ago yesterday, the Supreme Court said: We find in this Constitution the basic protection of your right of privacy. We do not care that some religious groups pushed through this statute in the State of Connecticut. They went too far. If they want to practice their religion, they can do that. But they cannot impose their religious views on every family who lives in Connecticut.  So today, 95 percent of families go to a drugstore and a pharmacy across America with no questions asked and buy basic family planning. They know what they want, and they are purchasing it. They have the right to do it because nine people sitting on the bench across the street said it is fundamental to being an American.  Listen to Janice Rogers Brown's view of what this Constitution says. Understand that when she faced the issue on whether there would be this basic right of privacy, she was the only dissenter on the California Supreme Court. Seven justices on the Supreme Court, six Republicans and one Democrat--she was one of the Republicans--she was the only dissenter. Here is what the case involved. It was the California antidiscrimination law providing health benefits for women. Janice Rogers Brown was the only dissenter. She argued that California could not require private employers to provide contraceptive drug benefits for women who wanted them. She ignored Griswold v. Connecticut. She ignored the inherent right to privacy. From her point of view, the State of California could prohibit the right of family planning information under health care plans sold in that State.  She wants to turn back the hands of time to a day when it became a legal struggle as to whether married men and women in this country could plan the size of their own families, or make the most intimate personal and private decisions without concern as to whether the Government would be watching over them and arresting them.  So when we say that Janice Rogers Brown is a danger if she comes to the D.C. Circuit Court, it is because she views the Constitution in such restricted terms that she could write out the conclusion of privacy which the Court found in Griswold v. Connecticut. That is how basic this is. That is how fundamental this is.  This is not just another judge in another court making decisions one will never hear about. It is a woman who is poised to move to the D.C. Circuit Court, the second highest court, one step away from the Supreme Court, whose view of America is very different than what we have seen across this country over the last 40 years when it comes to our basic rights of privacy.  The things she said about America trouble me, too. It is not just that she is conservative. President George W. Bush is conservative. He calls himself a compassionate conservative. He defends Social Security as an institution, though he sees its future a lot differently than I do. But when Janice Rogers Brown looks at Social Security and the other programs that came out of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal, what she sees is socialism. Here is what she said. She calls the year 1937 ``the triumph of our own socialist revolution'' because the Supreme Court decisions that year upheld the constitutionality of Social Security. Is this a mainstream point of view? How many people do we run into who say we ought to get rid of Social Security because it is just pure socialism, it is too much government, we do not want to have Social Security there as kind of our last effort to provide a safety net for Americans? Janice Rogers Brown essentially reached that conclusion. Because of that extreme view, she became the poster child for the George W. Bush White House to put on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. Why do we have to reach so far afield to find someone to fill this spot? Why do we have to turn to someone who is so out of touch with the mainstream of America?  These are not just her philosophical musings, things she dreams up and talks about among friends. This is how she rules on the bench. Given the opportunity, this is what we can expect in the future. She has been the lone dissenter in so many cases involving the rights of discrimination victims, consumers, and workers. Case after case, in 31 different cases, she was the only California Supreme Court justice to disagree with the majority. She said once in a speech: ``Since I have been making a career out of being the lone dissenter, I really didn't think anyone reads this stuff.''  Sorry, Justice, we do read it. Words matter, especially when they carry the weight of law and change human lives.  I am concerned not only about the views she has taken but the way she has expressed them. Justice Brown's extreme, often inflammatory rhetoric has no place on the bench. According to press reports, Justice Brown and the chief justice of her court are on such bad terms they do not even speak to one another; they communicate by memo. Boy, is that the kind of person we would like to have on a bench making big decisions, where she reaches the point where she cannot even talk to her fellow justice?  In her lone dissent in the case involving cigarette sales to minors, selling tobacco to kids, Justice Brown wrote: ``The result is so exquisitely ridiculous it, it would confound Kafka.'' She also wrote in her dissent in this case that ``the majority chooses to speed us along the path to perdition.''  Really? Regulating cigarette sales to kids is going to be leading us on the road to hell? Too much government? And they want this person to sit on the second highest court in the land and decide about safety and health for Americans? What a serious mistake.  The last point I make, as my time runs out, is one expected to be said by a Democrat on this side of the aisle, but not expected to have been read in the Washington Post on Thursday, May 26, in an article by George Will, a well-known conservative. He was very candid about Justice Janice Rogers Brown. He talked about the fact that she is one of the three who are part of the agreement here that is going to move forward. And he says:     . . . Janice Rogers Brown is out of that mainstream. That      should not be an automatic disqualification, but it is a      fact: She has expressed admiration for the Supreme Court's      pre-1937 hyper-activism in declaring unconstitutional many      laws and regulations of the sort that now define the post-New      Deal regulatory state. . . .  In a few words, George Will says it more elaborately.  She is out of the mainstream even for a conservative like George Will. If she is out of the mainstream for George Will and other conservatives, the big question today is whether five Republican Senators will agree with most Democrats that she should not be given a lifetime appointment to this bench to make the decisions and change the laws and try to reverse the course of America.  When it comes to matters of personal privacy, when it comes to programs as essential as Social Security, when it comes to protecting our children from tobacco companies and others who would exploit them, do we really want Janice Rogers Brown with the last word on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals? I think the answer is clearly no, and that is how I will be voting.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Isakson). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent the order for the quorum call be rescinded.  