President, I rise to speak about the Santorum-Durbin global AIDS amendment, which addresses the deadliest epidemic in modern times.  The amendment before us presents a simple choice: fighting AIDS, or funding cost overruns. Providing lifesaving treatment for tens of thousands of the most vulnerable people in the world, or allocating scarce funds for excess, and perhaps questionable, reconstruction costs in Iraq.  A number of my colleagues and I have argued on the floor of this Chamber that budgets are moral documents, that budgets are about choices.  If budgets are moral documents, then appropriations bills are where our moral principles are put into practice. Appropriations bills are where we decide, line by line, where the people's money will be spent.  The choice before us is simple: we cannot place cost overruns ahead of lifesaving treatment.  AIDS is the deadliest pandemic of our times, killing 3 million people every year. That is one person ever 10 seconds.  AIDS kills individuals, impoverishes families, orphans children, imperils economics, destabilizes societies, and steals hope.  This disease can undermine the stability and economies of nations, to such a degree that the CIA has called HIV/AIDS a threat to our national security.  Dr. Condoleezza Rice, while National Security Adviser, said that ``fighting the scourge of HIV/AIDS is both a moral duty and a strategy priority.''  I would like to commend the Appropriations Committee, which has demonstrated their strong commitment to fighting HIV/AIDS around the world. The bill before us fully funds the President's request for bilateral HIV/AIDS programs. It also provides $400 million for the global fund to fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria. When combined with the $100 million provided tothe global fund in the Labor-HHS appropriations bill, the total U.S. contribution for fiscal year 2006 to the global fund will be $500 million.  This is a good start, but it leaves us $100 million short of what the global fund needs to simply renew existing programs and ensure that people receiving lifesaving treatment will not lose their access to care. Making sure that no one loses their access to care is the moral minimum that we as a nation must meet.  The global fund is an important complement to our bilateral programs. It supports projects in 130 countries, complementing the bilateral program's efforts in 15 focus countries.  The fund tackles tuberculosis and malaria, which together kill 3 million people a year, along with HIV/AIDS.  The global fund also provides a unique opportunity for American leadership to directly result in increased contributions from others. The bill that created the President's emergency plan for AIDS relief established an important benchmark for the global fund. For every dollar that we put in, we asked other donors to put in $2. This has helped to make the global fund a truly global effort, by encouraging other countries to step up their contributions to the fund. In response to the fund's needs, Japan recently tripled its donation to the fund, and France doubled its donations. The United States should also put in its share. I believe strongly that no one should lose their access to lifesaving treatment because the United States didn't come up with its share of the needed funds.  I have met a number of the individuals whose lives are being saved by global fund programs. I have met their young children and listened to their hopes for the future. I can't imagine that anyone in this Chamber would wish to cut off lifesaving care to any of these individuals. This is why our amendment provides an additional $100 million for the fund.  To offset the $100 million increase for the global fund, the Santorum-Durbin amendment reduces funding to Iraq programs in the ecomomic support fund by $100 million. The Senate Appropriations Committee provided the full requested level of $3 billion for the economic support fund, including $360 million in new money for Iraq programs. However, Congress has already provided over $18 billion for Iraq relief and reconstruction programs in supplemental appropriations. Nearly $12 billion of these funds remain unspent, including nearly $5 billion that have not even been obligated.  A very small portion of this nearly $5 billion in unobligated funds could be used to make up for our proposed reduction of $100 million to the economic support fund.  I would like to be clear that I strongly support the rebuilding and reconstruction efforts in Iraq. Reconstruction is vitally important for the people of Iraq, for stability in the Middle East, and for the spread of democracy around the globe.  But, it is also clear that there is more money currently available for Iraq reconstruction than is being used. Over 18 months after Congress appropriated over $18 billion for reconstruction, nearly $5 billion remains unobligated.  Moreover, according to the White House, there is $1.3 billion that has not even been committed to programs. This $1.3 billion is instead intended for ``security-related cost overruns.'' This means that 7 percent of the total amount Congress appropriated for reconstruction is being reserved for ``cost-overruns.''  If cost overruns are preventing the use of reconstruction dollars for their intended purpose, Congress should be hearing about this so we can work with the administration to get these expenditures under control.  If the nearly $5 billion in unobligated funds is not adequate to make up the $100 million reduction imposed by our amendment and additional funds are determined to be needed, I would support replenishment of these funds in future appropriations bills.  I have voted for every penny for our troops, and I am committed to Iraqi reconstruction as part of our mission in Iraq. But if $5 billion is still unobligated, including $1.3 billion intended for ``cost overruns,'' then I believe that $100 million of these funds could be better served for another vital mission: saving lives.  President Bush has described AIDS as ``an individual tragedy for all who suffer and a public health catastrophe that threatens the future of many nations.''  And, Dr. Rice, while National Security Adviser, warned, ``History will treat us unkindly if those of us who had the means and those of us who had the way were unresponsive to this great crisis.''  We have the ability today to literally save the lives of millions. This $100 million can provide antiretroviral treatment to 35,000 people, and provide over 2 million mosquito nets to keep children safe from malaria.  This is why I support an additional $100 million contribution to the global fund. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment.  