I agree completely with his conclusion--completely. We need to get together on a bipartisan basis and talk about the future of Social Security. That should be the starting point.  Unfortunately, it is not the starting point. The starting point is a proposal by the administration that we create this privatization of Social Security. That is not a good starting point. We should be able to come together and agree on some facts. The facts are fairly obvious. They have been certified by the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office. They differ a little bit from what was just said.  I was in Congress in 1983. We looked at Social Security and said we have a serious, immediate crisis: If we do not do something, and do it now, we will find ourselves in a position where we will not be able to meet our promises to all the retirees who paid into Social Security their entire working lives.  President Ronald Reagan, a Republican President, reached across the aisle to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Tip O'Neill, a leading Democrat, and said: Can't we find a bipartisan way to deal with the most popular and important social program in America? Tip O'Neill said: We have to.  They created a commission with Alan Greenspan as the Chairman. They brought real bipartisanship to the Commission. They did not try to load it one way or the other which, unfortunately, has happened many times when it comes to Social Security. This Commission came up with a list of suggestions to Congress. They said: If you do these things, Social Security will have a long life. The baby boomers whom we know will retire after the turn of this century, we will be able to take care of them.  Some of the things they proposed were controversial: One, increase the retirement age to the age of 67 over a period of years; there were suggestions of taxing Social Security benefits for higher income retirees; there were cuts in benefits; there were increases in payroll taxes. It was a long list, but each of the proposals in and of itself was not that extreme or radical. When it was all said and done, on a bipartisan basis, Congress enacted that law, changed Social Security.  Let me tell you what we bought for the political courage of President Ronald Reagan and Speaker Tip O'Neill in 1983. What we bought was, literally, 59 years of solvency for Social Security. We came together and solved the problem.  There are people ever since who have been carping about and criticizing the 1983 bipartisan approach, but I am glad I voted for it. I am glad because I can stand and face those retiring and say we faced the problem and we solved the problem.  Frankly, that is what we have to acknowledge today. The future problems are, in fact, long-term future problems for Social Security. What we know now is obvious and has been certified and found to be true; that is, untouched, unchanged, without a single amendment to the Social Security law, no changes whatsoever, Social Security will make every payment to every retiree, with a cost-of-living adjustment, every month, every year, until 2042--according to the Congressional Budget Office, 2052. So for 37 years, Social Security is intact, solid, performing, and solvent. Some say it is beyond that. Some say at the end of 47 years we will reach a point where we will not be able to meet every obligation.  Think of that. There is not a single program in our Federal Government today that we can say with any degree of certainty will be here 3 years from now. We can say with certainty, under the current law, Social Security will be there 37 years from now making every single promised payment.  What happens after 37 years? It is true, we will have taken the surplus in Social Security and spent it down. And then we look at the receipts coming in and the interest earned and some estimate we can only pay 70 to 80 percent of our Social Security obligation. Now that is a challenge. How do we make up the difference? How do we make up the difference of the 20 to 30 percent that needs to be made up in Social Security? It is a problem that could be 40 years away. Today, if we sat down and made bipartisan, commonsense suggestions for changes in Social Security, much as we did in 1983, we can come up with a reasonable solution. Instead, what has the administration proposed? The President has come forward and said: We have to change Social Security as you know it. The program that has served America for almost 70 years, this program, we should change dramatically.  So we asked the President, What do you have in mind? He says people should be able to take part of the money they are currently putting into payroll taxes and put it into private or personal accounts. That is appealing to some people because they think they would rather invest it in a mutual fund because they think they can make more money than the Social Security Administration can make. Other people say, well, what if you invest it in the mutual fund and it does not make as much money as in Social Security? Isn't there a risk involved?  There certainly is.  And then there are equally important questions. If you are going to take this money out of Social Security that was supposed to go toward paying current retirees, who will make up the difference? The President does not answer the question. The budget of the President does not answer the question. And in comes a memo from the White House which projects one of their solutions to Social Security is to change the way benefits are calculated. Currently, the formula is based on a wage index. It is based on the increase in wages. The White House memo says we ought to base it on the prices index, the increases in the cost of living. It does not sound like much, but it is a substantial change.  As we play out this White House suggestion, what we find is alarming. What the White House memo proposed would lead to a 40-percent decrease in Social Security benefits. So we step back and say, wait a minute. If we do nothing in the year 2042 we can see a 20- to 30-percent decrease in our payments in Social Security. But if we buy into the President's approach we know we will see a 40-percent decrease. How can that be a good solution? The President's plan does not make Social Security any stronger. The President's plan makes Social Security even weaker.  Then there is the kicker, the one thing that the administration does not want to talk about. This administration says their budget is focused on taming the budget deficit. I have to tell the President quite honestly, if you do not include in your budget the cost of the Iraq war, and you do not include in your budget the cost of privatizing Social Security, it is not complete, it is not an honest budget. We know in a period of the first 10 years we could have anywhere from $750 billion to $2 trillion added to our national debt. So you say to the President, How are you going do make up that difference, that you will take the money out of Social Security for private accounts and create that additional national debt? How are you going to pay for that?  Well, we will add it to the debt of America. For all the young people, thepages that have been referred to in the Senate who are now becoming the object of many of our speeches, I don't think we are doing any favors by creating private accounts and saying, incidentally, here is a $2 trillion debt, a little mortgage for you to consider. Do not forget about your student loans and getting married and buying that first car and buying that home; here is a little debt from Uncle Sam that is part of the President's proposal.  When I listen to the President's privatization approach, I have to say there are several aspects that trouble me. First, this is not a crisis. We are not going to be in dire emergency circumstances in 2008. According to the Congressional Budget Office, almost 50 years from now Social Security is solvent. Social Security is making every single payment. Yes, we have a challenge beyond that. Secondly, the President's plan does not make Social Security stronger, it makes it weaker. And third, if this is such an obvious answer, why won't the President include this in his budget? You cannot take a plan seriously if the President does not put it in his budget.  I will yield to the Senator from Utah for a question.  