President, I thank the Senator from New Mexico. I will make it a practice to always yield the floor whenever I possibly can because I think dialog between two Senators runs perilously close to debate which we have very little of on the floor of the Senate.  I welcome the comments of the Senator from New Mexico. I may disagree on this issue, but I hope we have respect for one another and what we bring to this Chamber.  The point I would like to make is this: I do not know him personally. I met him in my office for a brief meeting, the first time we ever sat down together.  I read his life story. I couldn't help but be impressed. Here is a man who came from a very modest circumstance, who served his Nation in the Air Force, who went to law school, who became general counsel to the Governor of Texas, a member of the Texas Supreme Court, and then legal counsel to the President of the United States. It is an amazing, extraordinary life story.  Some of my colleagues, including the Senator from Colorado, Mr. Salazar, have talked about their origins and their upbringing and how difficult it is to overcome with discrimination in many quarters. Thank goodness that is changing in America but not fast enough.  The point I would like to make is, I don't know a single Member of the Senate who has taken exception to Judge Gonzales because he is Hispanic or because he comes from humble origins. That is not the issue. The issue we believe, simply stated, is what did he do as general counsel to the President? Did it qualify him or disqualify him to have the highest law enforcement position in the United States of America? I think that is the issue.  When I came to the floor to speak earlier--and I will not recount my remarks--it related to the torture policy of which he was a part. I think in 10 or 20 years of history we will look at this war on terrorism and judge us harshly for having sat down to rewrite the policies and principles--the human principles--that guided this country for decades when it came to the treatment of prisoners and detainees. That is why I have reservations about Judge Gonzales. That is why I raised these questions, both in a public hearing and in written questions to him personally. That is why I am opposing his nomination, simply stated.  I have the greatest respect for what he has achieved personally in life, but I have a responsibility to go beyond that personal achievement and ask from a professional and governmental viewpoint, Is he the best person for this job? That is why many of us have risen in opposition to his nomination.  I yield the floor.  