President, I thank the majority leader for his statement. I think it is extremely important that he has joined a bipartisan effort in the Senate to make progress on a critically important issue.  Senator Frist and I have our differences politically, but I respect and admire him very much, particularly in his humanitarian efforts as a doctor. All of us in the Senate know while we may be back home in our States, he is off in some of the poorest places in the world using his medical skill to save lives. It says a lot about him. It says a lot about his heart, as does his statement this morning.  The fact he would come out and suggest that we need to move forward in stem cell research is going to give new hope to people who absolutely count on medical research for their future and for the life and well-being of members of their families.  I have had roundtable discussions in my State. I have invited people who are suffering from diabetes, Parkinson's, Lou Gehrig's disease, and from spinal cord injuries. They have all come forward to tell me how critically important stem cell research could be to making their lives whole and better.  Senator Frist's decision today will move us toward a goal, a very important goal of establishing good lines for pursuing this research. The Castle-Degette bill, which comes from the House of Representatives, provides a conscience clause. It says neither the sperm nor egg donor can be asked to give up anything they put into the in vitro process without their consent. There must be a conscience clause included in this process. I agree with that.  We also must establish that we are opposed to human cloning, which I am, and I don't know of any Senator who disagrees. Human cloning is wrong, and we must draw strict ethical guidelines to make sure we do not cross that line.  Also, we never want to see the commercialization of this process. This is about scientific research. It is not about who is going to make a profit, and the Castle-Degette bill is very explicit in that regard.  My colleague from Kansas raises an important point. It is one he and I can debate and it can be debated for centuries about when life begins. I am not sure we will ever come to the same conclusion, but it is important we talk about it.  The thing that troubles me about this debate is that those who oppose stem cell research apparently are not prepared to criminalize in vitro fertilization. They are prepared to allow the process to move forward knowing full well in the ordinary course of events in the laboratory, there will be stem cells that cannot be used to impregnate the woman who is seeking to have a baby.  