President, Members of the Senate will have a choice in just a few minutes about the future of the minimum wage.  There was a time when we didn't even debate this. There was a time when Democrats and Republicans agreed that every once in a while you have to raise the minimum wage. The cost of living goes up in America. Republican and Democratic Presidents alike said: Can't we come together and reasonably increase the minimum wage so that the poorest among us have a fighting chance for a decent life?  We used to do it that way. When we stopped doing it 8 years ago when Republicans took control of Congress, they decided this was a partisan issue, that good Republicans didn't support an increase in the minimum wage; only Democrats supported it. Today, we have a choice. The choice is very stark.  Senator Santorum comes to the Senate floor and says let us raise the minimum wage for 1.8 million Americans. That is a pretty good thing. At least they are going to get some help. But look at Senator Kennedy's alternative. In his alternative, 7.3 million Americans would have an increase in the minimum wage.  The Santorum Republican approach helps 1 out of 4 of the workers who Senator Kennedy's approach helps. But it gets worse. In order for Senator Santorum to work up the political courage to bring this to the floor, he said: I have to turn around and do something on the business side. So what I will do is to exempt 10 million workers in America from coverage for overtime pay.  Think about that. You can work 50 hours a week at straight time. That is the deal we are going to offer you for a slight increase in the minimum wage. Does that make sense?  He goes further and says we are going to say that fewer businesses in America are required to pay the minimum wage. What a deal. After waiting 8 years, he helps 1 out of 4 of the workers who Senator Kennedy helps, and for the 1.8 million he helps, he pushes 5 times as many overboard. He says: You are not going to get overtime. I will vote for an increase in minimum wage, but that is just part of the deal.  It is really appropriate that we have this debate on the bankruptcy bill, isn't it, when you think about it? We are going to force some of the most marginal workers, so many of the hardest working people in America, into a position where they can't pay their bills; then our beautiful Bankruptcy Code reform pushed by the credit card industry will make sure they are saddled with debt for a lifetime. That is what this debate comes down to.  In order to bring up the courage on the Republican side to offer any minimum wage increase, they had to offer to the business community this disqualification for overtime pay the incentive that many businesses would not pay a minimum wage, not to mention adhere to the equal pay provisions. Some of these minimum wage workers across America are young, single mothers struggling to raise kids. Sometimes they are working one or two minimum wage jobs. They would like to be paid equal pay in their workplace. Senator Santorum thinks that goes too far when it comes to small businesses. I think this is wrong.  We need to get back to the bipartisan consensus we had on minimum wage. If you stand for moral values--wasn't that the big issue in the last campaign?--wouldn't one moral value be as follows: If you get up and go to work every day in America, if you follow the rules and show up for work, you shouldn't live in poverty in America. That is a fact. Some people working every single day at a minimum wage job are living below the poverty line.  Poverty has doubled since the late 1970s. The poverty rolls have increased by 4 million people since President Bush has taken office. The low minimum wage is a big part of that. Minimum wage employees who work 40 hours a week earn $10,750 a year. Think about how you would get by on $10,700 a year. In fact, we say officially that this is $5,000 less than you need to raise a family of three. We acknowledge that. If you go to work, work hard, and are paid the minimum wage, you are going to live in poverty.  We believe on the Democratic side of the aisle that America, if it is a just nation, should move to the point where hard-working Americans get a decent paycheck.  That is what Senator Kennedy has been fighting for for 8 years. I would be happy to be part of that fight.  I say in conclusion that we talk a lot in the Senate about what our priorities should be. The top priority of this Senate now is to make the bankruptcy laws more difficult for those swamped by medical bills. We have tried to offer amendments to stand up for the activated Guard and Reserve people who are forced into bankruptcy. The Republican side rejected every single amendment we offered. Now we come with a sensible, just amendment to, frankly, raise the minimum wage up to a decent level in America, and what we are offered on the other side of the aisle is an unacceptable alternative.  I yield the floor.  