 Let me describe a tragedy, a tragedy which hits a little close to home for me. My grandson is 9 years old.  This is a tragedy involving a 10-year-old little boy in Philadelphia. On February 11 of last year, this little boy, Faheem, was on his way to school, walking from home to school. As he came into the schoolyard through the gates, a gang member came up and shot him in the face. He remained conscious for a short period of time, lapsed into a coma, and died 5 days later. That is a tragedy.  The reason I bring it up is because the amendment of Senator Levin, before us, addresses this tragedy. Where did the gun from come? It turns out it was in the hands of a gang member, one of these drug gang kids, crazed, trying to find money, shooting in every direction. He had the gun in his hand.  The obvious question to be asked is, Where did this drug gang member get his gun? We know where he got it. He got it through the American Gun and Lock Company of Girard Avenue, in Philadelphia, PA.  Did he buy it there? No. What happened was one of the gang members walked into this gun store with his girlfriend and he said, My girlfriend wants to buy some guns.  Why did he say his girlfriend? Because the gang member had a criminal record. He couldn't buy the guns. So the gun owner, the gun store owner, sees the girlfriend buying the guns for the gang member standing next to her, and decides he is going to charge a handling fee because she is a third-party purchaser.  They knew what was going on. The girl friends buy guns for the gangs to use on the street. So the store sold the gun, clearly understanding what was going on here, even charging a handling fee for it. It gets on the street in the hands of a gang member and a 10-year-old little boy walking into the schoolyard is shot in the face and killed.  So the question is this: Did the gun dealer do anything wrong? That is the question. I think it is a legitimate question. I think the gun dealer knew exactly what was going on here. The gun dealer wanted to make some money. The gun dealer was willing to look beyond the obvious criminal standing in front of him to the straw purchaser, this girlfriend, and let the girlfriend buy the gun and even charge a handling fee. What Senator Levin's amendment says is this is gross negligence. If you did not know this gun was going to be used in a crime, you were certainly negligent in allowing this to occur on your premises and we ought to be able to go to court. The family of this little boy who was murdered on the street should be able to go to court and say that gun dealer should be held responsible.  Do you know what? This bill before us will never allow that gun dealer to be held responsible for that misconduct. He sold the gun to the girlfriend of the gang member. The gun hits the street. The gun kills the little boy. And the courthouse doors will be closed to that family because of this bill unless we pass the amendment of Senator Levin.  That is what this is all about. If you think that is fair to let that gun dealer off the hook and to say to the family of that 10-year-old boy, ``We are sorry; you don't have the right to go to court and hold that gun dealer personally responsible,'' then you naturally would have to oppose the amendment of Senator Levin. But if you think this business, as every business in America, has a responsibility to do the right thing, there is a standard of care in the products they sell and the way they sell them, that this company, like every other company in America, should be held responsible for their own misconduct, then I suggest you should vote for the amendment of Senator Levin.  I retain the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  