President, this editorial from the Chicago Sun-Times urges people to attend the exhibit and notes that ``many young Chicagoans probably do not know how widespread this crime was or that it occurred outside of the South in places such asdownstate Cairo,'' IL. That is an important point. Lynching was not just a southern shame, it was an American shame. While most lynchings occurred in the South, they also happened in the North.  I commend Senators Mary Landrieu and George Allen for authoring this resolution and working so hard to have the Senate take it up and right this historical wrong. It is my hope the Senate will match the words of this resolution with action. It is not enough to apologize for the failure of our predecessors to protect their fellow citizens from violent prejudice. We have a responsibility to protect those who are targets of today's hate crimes as well. Senator Ted Kennedy, a Democrat, and Senator Gordon Smith, a Republican, have been trying for years to persuade Congress to pass a new, stronger Federal hate crimes bill. Year after year, they have met with resistance.  Listen to the arguments of those who oppose a stronger hate crimes bill today, and you hear the same arguments that were made against a Federal antilynching bill decades ago. The names have changed, the arguments and the excuses are the same.  They say we in Congress cannot pass a strong hate crimes bill because it will infringe on States rights or because the Constitution does not give Congress explicit authority to pass such a law.  Listen to what a Member of the House of Representatives, James Woods of Virginia, said in 1922:       This bill, commonly known as the ``anti-lynching bill''      would be described more accurately if designated--from the      standpoint of its effects rather than from its purpose--as a      ``bill to override the Constitution of the United States, to      foment race hatred, and to revive sectional animosity.'' If      it were possible to put an end to lynching by a lawful act of      Congress, none would support such legislation more earnestly      than we of the South.  The Constitution does not say anything explicitly about the Civil Rights Act, which the Senate passed 41 years ago, or the Voting Rights Act, which turns 40 today. There always will be political voices that will find excuses to delay acting on the moral challenges of our time.  Finding the moral courage to deal with those challenges in our own time is the real test of leadership. What is it we are doing or failing to do today that would lead the Senate 50 years from now to apologize? That is the question.  I hope Congress will pass the Kennedy-Smith hate crimes bill as tangible proof to the victims of lynching that we will never again withhold our protection when Americans are persecuted and killed simply for being who they are.  When Mamie Till put her son on that train for Mississippi, he was wearing a watch he had been given by his father before his father died. The hands on that watch stopped when Emmitt Till was tortured and murdered.  Much has changed in the 50 years since Emmitt Till died, but some small part of America's soul has always remained frozen in that time because of our failure to formally acknowledge that what happened was wrong. By apologizing to the victims of lynching--and by having the courage to protect the victims of hate crimes today--we can reclaim that piece of our soul and move forward in time as one Nation indivisible.  