President, I joined with Senator Dorgan of North Dakota in offering amendment numbered 2476. It is an amendment on which we both worked. Over the years we have shared billing on it because we both believe it is essential. It is an amendment which calls for the creation of a Truman-like commission to make certain we are spending our defense dollars effectively, we are not wasting money, and that the money spent is for the security of America and the protection of our troops.  In a report on defense logistics issued in March of this year, the Government Accountability Office found that U.S. troops experienced shortages in seven of the nine items that the GAO reviewed. The report reads:       These shortages led in some cases to a decline in the      operational capability of equipment and increased risk for      troops.  The items included generators for assault vehicles, armored vehicle parts, lithium batteries, meals ready to eat, truck tires, body armor, armored vehicles, and add-on armor kits. The GAO Comptroller, David Walker, testified in a Senate subcommittee hearing that the Department of Defense doesn't have a system to be able to determine with any degree of reliability and specificity how we spend tens of millions of dollars.  Mr. Walker then went on to say:       Trying to figure out what appropriated funds were being      spent on is like pulling teeth.  Shortchanging the taxpayers is not acceptable. Shortchanging our troops, especially when they are risking their lives for America, is absolutely inexcusable. We have been talking about personal and vehicle armor shortages for months.  I will never forget my first visit to Walter Reed to see the first injured veteran from Iraq, a member of the Ohio National Guard, who had lost his left leg below the knee. I asked him what happened. He said: It is those humvees. They don't have any armor plating on them.  This soldier told me he couldn't wait to get his new leg so he could get back in combat. That is the kind of fighting spirit which we love to see in the men and women who are serving this country. Shouldn't we have the same fighting spirit when it comes to providing them with the equipment they need so they can come home safely with their mission accomplished, truly accomplished? If we waste money with profiteers and those who try to gouge the Federal Government at the expense of our troops, we are not doing our soldiers any favor.  These shortages, especially of armor, have sent young men to Walter Reed for a long time, with missing arms and legs, and other serious injuries. I have met them. I don't know how we can face them and honestly say we have not tried to do everything within our power to make certain their fellow soldiers are protected. Our current system does not work.  In 1941, Senator Harry Truman, a Democrat from Missouri, introduced a resolution creating a special committee to investigate the national defense program. Who was the President at the time? Franklin Roosevelt, a Democrat from New York. We had a Democratic Senator calling for an investigation of the War Department of a Democratic President. Those were the days--and you have to search the history days to remember them--when there was real oversight in Congress, regardless of the party affiliation.  We find exactly the opposite today. The Republican majority in Congress refuses to accept the responsibility of oversight because they might embarrass the Republican administration inthe White House. This is not about protecting the President from embarrassment. This is about protecting our troops.  This Truman Commission cost very little money in those days, but it saved us billions of dollars. It is a valuable lesson for today. Then, as now, skyrocketing contract costs, rapid allocation of funds meant we were wasting money. Harry Truman stated when he came to this Senate, the same Chamber, almost 64 years ago:       I'm calling the attention of the Senate to these things      because I believe most sincerely they need looking into. I      consider public funds to be sacred funds and I think they      ought to have every safeguard possible to prevent their      misuse or being mishandled.  Senator Truman went on to say:       I think the Senate ought to create a special committee with      authority to examine every contract.  The National Archives describes the Truman Committee:       The committee earned a high reputation for thoroughness and      efficiency. After the end of the war the committee turned its      analysis to wartime experiences in order to make      recommendations that improved postwar and future national      defense programs.  It was a real national service. We continue to offer this amendment on the Democratic side of the aisle and we cannot find a single Senator, or very few, I should say, on the Republican side even interested in talking about it. Why? Why wouldn't they be interested in making certain the taxpayers' dollars are well spent in the Department of Defense? Why wouldn't they want accountability when it comes to the equipment to protect our troops?  I joined with Senator Dorgan with this amendment to create a new Truman committee to oversee contracting awards in Iraq, Afghanistan, and the war on terrorism. We need this committee. As Goldman Sachs International Vice President Robert Hormats stated:       There is nothing more corrosive of support for a war      anywhere in the world, the war against terrorism or dealing      with the problems in Iraq, than the concern that taxpayer      money is not being used well.  The simple fact is we need better oversight. We need this committee. We need to identify the weaknesses in our current system. We need the best practices to be followed by our Department of Defense.  We learned earlier this year that $8.8 billion that was managed by the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq simply disappeared. We brought back Mr. Bremmer, the head of that Coalition Provisional Authority for the United States, and gave him a gold medal. I wish we had found the $8.8 billion before we gave him a gold medal. Reports indicate that payrolls in Iraqi ministries under the control of that authority were inflated with thousands of ghost employees. The United States Inspector General for Iraqi reconstruction has said:       We believe the CPA management of Iraq's national budget      process and oversight of funds was burdened by severe      inefficiencies and poor management.  The list goes on and on.  We owe our troops and our taxpayers better oversight of their money. This bipartisan special committee called for in the Dorgan-Durbin amendment will accomplish that.  So many Members come to the Senate today and say not one penny is going to be spent for Hurricane Katrina or to safeguard America against avian influenza unless we offset it. We are watchdogs when it comes to new programs. Why not be watchdogs for existing programs? If Congress is not exercising its power of oversight, for goodness sake, let us create a Truman-like commission that will. Let's ask the hard question and get the right answers. Let's protect our troops and protect the taxpayers.  I reserve the remainder of my time and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the Dorgan-Durbin amendment numbered 2476.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  