President, military personnel are under tremendous pressure to be physically fit. The conditions under which they work and train are often harsh and demanding, making physical strength and endurance essential.  This pressure makes dietary supplements particularly attractive to members of our Armed Services, especially products marketed for weight loss and performance enhancement.  Finding these products on base is easy. A 2004 report on dietary supplements in the journal Military Medicine notes that a newly deployed U.S. Air Force base had eight different dietary supplements stocked on its shelves that were marketed for weightlifting and energy enhancement just 5 months after it opened. Six of these products contained the notorious supplement ephedra.  This article appeared in Exchange and Commissary News last month. It describes a store where the ``supplement category is located on the main aisle at the front of the store, indicative of its importance to our customers.''  Thermogenic's Extreme Thermo Rush is one of the most popular items. Extreme Thermo Rush contains 200 mg of caffeine. That is the equivalent caffeine in five cans of Coca-Cola. In addition, this drink contains 200 mg of Citrus Aurantium, which is an ephedra-substitute that was found by a group of University of California scientists to increase heart rate among healthy people. It is a stimulant. These scientists released a report in April saying that dietary supplements containing Citrus Aurantium could have some of the same adverse health effects associated with ephedra products.  Let's look at just how many service members are taking supplements.  As you can see from this chart, a 1999 study by the U.S. Army Research Institute for Environmental Medicine found that 85 percent of the 2,200 male soldiers surveyed reported use of dietary supplements.  A similar study conducted by the Department of the Navy found that 89 percent of Marines have used supplements. When broken down by category, the survey showed that 26 percent of Marines took supplements containing stimulants.  Most dietary supplements are safe and provide health benefits to those who take them.  I am not on the warpath against a daily vitamin tablet. I take my vitamins every day. I don't know if it helps to make me healthy, but it makes me feel better to take them and I do, and I think everyone should have the right to make that decision. But we are talking about a different category of dietary supplements. We are not talking about multivitamins or minerals, we are talking about stimulants.  Some of these supplements, these stimulants, can cause serious harm. Of greatest concern are those containing stimulants such as ephedra and citrus aurantium, which are often marketed for energy promotion, performance-enhancement, and weight loss. The Navy released a list of serious problems they had encountered among sailors and officers related to dietary supplements recently. The list includes health events such as death, rapid heart rate, shortness of breath, severe chest pain, and becoming increasingly delusional. These are over-the-counter products sold nominally to make you more energetic or to lose weight which when taken result in these conditions: shortness of breath, rapid heart rate, severe chest pain, and becoming delusional, and in one or two cases, probably more, actual death. Unfortunately, most of the time adverse events such as these are never known to the Food and Drug Administration or to the public because not only is there no premarket safety review of these products, there is not even a mandatory adverse-events reporting to the FDA.  Consider this: If you walk into a drugstore to fill a prescription the doctor has given you, the prescription is filled, you go home, you have a bad reaction to that drug, and you go back to the hospital or doctor because of that reaction. That is reported to the Food and Drug Administration. The FDA can then look across America and say: Wait a minute, we are finding people who have adverse reactions to this drug over and over again. We better take a closer look at it or take it off the shelf because it could be dangerous. So the prescription drugs you buy have an adverse-event report requirement. In other words, if you sell the product in America and somebody gets sick or dies, you have to tell somebody. You have to report it to the Government.So if, in fact, it is a dangerous product, it is removed from the shelf.  Then let's go back to the beginning. In order to put a product on the shelf like a prescription drug, they have to be tested in advance by the Food and Drug Administration for two things: safety and efficacy. In other words, if you take the normal dosage, would the normal person be safe in taking it? I think we want to know that. And second, is that drug which you just took for arthritis really helpful when it comes to the condition of arthritis? Efficacy.  But the dietary supplements we are talking about are never tested in advance. They are not tested as to whether they are safe. There is no FDA review of clinical data. There is no requirement manufacturers produce it. And when it comes to efficacy, we find time and again that these companies, many of them fly-by-night operations by people with limited resumes and limited talent selling so-called supplements with all sorts of health claims, turn out be not even close to effective for what they charge or what they say they can achieve. Here you have a whole category of dietary supplements without testing as to their safety, without testing to make sure they actually do what they say they are going to do, for sale. Where? All over America, in every drugstore you walk into, and some gas stations. If you go into a convenience store or gas station, don't be surprised to see dietary supplements on the counter. I bet you think as a consumer they couldn't sell those in America if they were not safe. Yes, they could. There is no requirement they be safe. There is no requirement they be tested.  So you think, I guess if somebody ever got sick, they would be reported to the Government, and the Government would take them off the shelf. There is no requirement in the law to report, even if a person drops dead from taking a dietary supplement. It is, in fact, the biggest gamble a consumer can take for many of these dietary supplements. There has been no testing. There are very few, if any, quality standards to certify what they say on the label happens to be what is inside the bottle. There is no testing to determine if it is effective. There is no report if it turns out it is harmful.  I referred several times in this statement to ephedra, supplements containing ephedra. The military across the United States took ephedra off its shelf at the end of 2002 because between 1997 and 2001 at least 30 Active-Duty personnel died after taking it. Ephedra is something most people are aware of. Ephedra was this dietary supplement, this naturally occurring substance similar to the drug ephedrine, which people took and which was a stimulant. Over the years, we found out it was dangerous to a lot of people. Thirty Active-Duty military personnel died. Many others did as well. It turns out that ephedra was then banned in Canada. You cannot buy it in Canada.  The American Medical Association suggested we ban it here in the United States, too, because it is too dangerous to be sold as a dietary supplement. But the industry that makes these products is extremely powerful. As I recount to you what happened with ephedrine, you will find out why.  After 7 years of effort, the FDA finally banned ephedra in 2004. At that time, 150 deaths were linked to that product. But one Federal court in Utah this past April called into question the FDA procedure, and marketers of these products have hit the street with advertising: Ephedra Is Back. Look at this. Natural Life Nutrition Center in Cincinnati, OH, days after this court decision in Utah: ``Ephedra Is Back.'' You can buy your ephedra products again. They put up the sign to try to lure customers back. The court in Utah said the FDA had failed to justify its rule banning ephedra, particularly at lower doses, particularly 10 milligrams or less per day.  The FDA has said it will continue to enforce its ban except for doses 10 milligrams or lower, but less than 2 weeks after the ruling, just to show you how toothless the Food and Drug Administration is when it comes to dietary supplements, I had one of my staffers get on the Internet and see if we could buy some ephedra in larger doses. This staffer bought 30 pills containing 200 milligrams each from a company with a post office box in Boonville, MO.  The Federal Drug Administration, after this Utah court decision, said: OK, we will let you sell ephedra, but it can't be in doses in excess of 10 milligrams. It turns out that there is no enforcement whatsoever. You can continue to buy this ephedra over the Internet in 200-milligram doses, which could be very dangerous, if not lethal.  The FDA has announced it is appealing this ruling on ephedra, but clearly its hands are tied as it waits for a decision. That is why we need to step in. Congress needs to address this problem. We may not solve it with this bill, but we can do something to protect our men and women in uniform. We should be protecting everyone in America, but this bill addresses our men and women in uniform, and that is what my amendment addresses.  The intent of my amendment is to protect American soldiers from dietary supplements containing stimulants that have unknown adverse effects. This amendment will disallow funds from being used by military stores to sell dietary supplements containing stimulants in cases where it is made known to the Department of Defense that the manufacturer does not have a policy of reporting their serious adverse events to the FDA's Special Nutritional Adverse Event Monitoring System.  We know this happens. Manufacturers collect information, and we know it because of this infamous Metabolife case. You maybe remember the Metabolife brand. It was all over television, magazines, newspapers, selling Metabolife. It was something that was going to make you healthier and thinner and give you more energy.  About 5 years ago, Metabolife, a dietary supplement company specializing in diet products containing ephedra, told Congress it had received no reports of people taking their products who experienced serious injury or death. Guess what. They lied. After the company was sued, it was revealed that Metabolife had actually received over 16,500 adverse events of Metabolife with ephedra. Many reports were serious. They knew that more than 100 people had died from their product. They misled Congress. They told us they had not received any information of people taking their product and experiencing serious injury or death. Finally, when they were sued, the information came out.  The FDA collects that kind of information on prescription drugs and over-the-counter drugs. If they learned that something was being sold in America that killed 100 people or injured 16,000 people, they clearly would take action. But this industry is so powerful here in Washington that they conceal this information. They will not share it unless they are forced in a lawsuit.  You think to yourself, Why hasn't Congress risen to its responsibility of protecting consumers? Why don't we at a minimum require these companies to report it when these dietary supplements harm people seriously or kill them?  Frankly, this Congress is in the thrall of this industry, and it has shown for so many years. I went to the floor, this floor, last year to address the same issue. Some of my colleagues came to the floor and said: Oh, we can't wait to join you. This is a great idea, adverse-event reporting. Here we are again a year later and nothing has happened. The same Senators who said, ``We can't wait to work with you'' can't return phone calls when it comes to this issue.  My challenge to them is this: If you truly want to keep dangerous products off the market, if you happen to believe they are healthy products and don't hurt anybody, why are you afraid of adverse-event reporting? If it is good enough for the major pharmaceutical companies, why isn't it good for the nutritional supplement industry?  I hope my colleagues will come to the Chamber and understand that we are putting our men and women in uniform at risk by selling these dietary supplements which are being used by so many men and women in uniform and are dangerous. They are dangerous to their health.  The Institute of Medicine issued a report last year recommending that adverse-event reporting become mandatory for dietary supplement manufacturers--the Institute of Medicine. Here is what they said:       [W]hile spontaneous adverse event reports have recognized      limitations, they have considerable strength as potential      warning signals of problems requiring attention, making      monitoring by the FDA worthwhile.  The Institute of Medicine recommended that Congress amend the 1994 supplement act, DSHEA, to require manufacturers of supplements to report to the FDA in a timely manner any serious adverse event associated with the use of their products.  The supporters of the amendment which I offer include the American Dietetic Association, the American Osteopathic Association, Consumers Union, Center for Science in the Public Interest, the American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics, and the American Society of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.  It wasn't that long ago that a starting pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles dropped dead. He was a man trying to lose some weight taking the ephedra stimulant, and obviously it cost him his life.  The same thing happened in my part of the world in central Illinois, where a 16-year-old boy getting ready for a football game wanted to have performance enhancement and goes down to the local gas station and buys over the counter an ephedra product, takes it and washes it down with a Mountain Dew and ends up dying from a heart attack--a healthy 16-year-old boy.  Now we have our men and women in uniform all across the United States walking into these base exchanges wanting to make sure they are at peak physical condition to serve this country and buying these dietary supplements which claim to enhance performance and give them new energy or perhaps lose some weight not realizing they are risking their lives every time because the shoddy manufacturers who sell these products do not report to the Government when people get sick and die because of these dietary supplements.  How long is it going to take us? How many Americans have to die before we accept responsibility for the consumers of this country? They trust us. They expect the Food and Drug Administration to be there, when it is needed, to report on these dangerous supplements. But we have let them down for more than 10 years since it was passed. We should not let them down when it comes to this bill. Let us start by protecting our men and women in uniform. Let us start by not letting them be in danger by buying the products on the shelves in these PXs or commissaries that are not good for them. That is, I think, the least we can do, and then let us not stop there. Let us move across America to say we are going to stand behind consumers; that we are going to stand behind children and families so that when they buy something in a drugstore in America that is supposed to be good for their health, they know their Government has at least the interest and has taken the time to make sure it is safe.  This is not some wild, crazy idea I have. It is an idea backed up by the leading medical organizations in America, and it is one that reflects the reality of the danger of these products.  I invite my colleagues to support amendment No. 2035, which I have introduced, when it comes up for consideration at a latter point in this bill.  I yield the floor.  