President, this is the Department of Defense authorization bill, and included in here are funds for those base exchanges where members of the Armed Forces and their families go to buy the necessities of life. They turn there for groceries, pharmaceuticals, and other needs for their families. The purpose of this amendment is to make sure that the products sold at these base exchanges across the United States and around the world are safe for the military and the families who use the base exchanges.  I am particularly concerned about dietary supplements. Military personnel are under tremendous pressure to be physically fit. The conditions under which they work and train are harsh and demanding. A supplement product can be attractive because it is marketed for performance enhancement and weight loss. My amendment seeks to ensure that these so-called health products sold at military stores are monitored for safety.  At the outset, I want to say I have no quarrel with dietary supplements like vitamins. I woke up this morning and, like millions of Americans, took my vitamins in the hope that I will live forever. I think that should be my right and my choice. I don't believe I should need a prescription for vitamin C or multivitamins.  What is at issue are the dietary supplements that cross the line. Instead of providing nutritional assistance, many of them make health claims that, frankly, they cannot live up to. Finding many of these products on a military base is easy. A 2004 report on dietary supplements notes that a newly deployed U.S. Air Force base had eight different dietary supplements stocked on the shelves that were marketed for weightlifting and energy enhancements 5 months after it opened. Six of these products contain the stimulant ephedra.  Most dietary supplements are safe and healthy, but there is a growing concern about categories of dietary supplements that are being taken by innocent people who think they are good and, in fact, they are not.  The Navy released a list of serious problems related to dietary supplements recently. They included health events such as death, rapid heart rate, shortness of breath, severe chest pain, and becoming increasingly delusional. These are from over-the-counter dietary supplements.  Unfortunately, most of the time these events are never reported. In other words, the laws that govern prescription drugs and many over-the-counter drugs do not apply to dietary supplements.  Let me show you a chart that I think illustrates that quite well. Here are different categories of things you might buy at your drugstore. You might buy prescription drugs through your doctor or over-the-counter medications, such as cough medicine, or you might buy dietary supplements. Metabolife is a popular version. The question is: Are they all safe? The obvious answer is: Not by a long shot. Prescription drugs are safety tested before being sold. Over-the-counter medications are safety tested. Dietary supplements are not. Does anybody test them to make sure that the claims on some of them--for example, the claims that this is going to help with my cough or that this is going to give me energy--has anybody tested these to make sure they are effective for what they claim? Yes, when it comes to prescription drugs, they are tested for efficacy before they are sold; yes, for over-the-counter medications; but no, for dietary supplements, the claims are not tested ahead of time. How about individual doses? If a doctor tells you to take four tablets during the course of a day, how well can you trust the dosage on the package to reflect what the doctor recommended? Well, when it comes to prescription drugs, the FDA says, yes, we test the dosage. It is the same with over-the-counter medications. When it comes to these dietary supplements, vitamins, nutritional supplements, there is no individual dosage control.  They have been fighting over this for almost 10 years. Finally, if something goes wrong with a prescription drug--if you take it and you get sick and you report it to the company that made the drug, do they have to tell the Federal Government? Absolutely, when it comes to prescription drugs. How about in the case of over-the-counter drugs? You bet. If you get sick and call the maker of one of the drugs, they are required by law to tell the FDA, and if it reaches a certain point, they can be taken from the market. How about dietary supplements? What if you take one, such as yellow jackets that contains ephedra and you call the company and tell them you got sick, do they have a legal requirement to report that to the Government? No. There is no legal requirement, even if you are dealing with a situation where a dietary supplement has killed a person.  That troubles me. I don't believe we should have any dietary supplements being sold across America--certainly not at our military base exchanges--that is sold in a situation where, if there is adverse health consequence--death, stroke, heart attack, serious health consequences--the manufacturer doesn't have to report it to the Government.  That is basically what this amendment says: If you want to sell a supplement containing a stimulant on a military base, be prepared to report adverse events to the Federal Government. If you will not tell us, the Federal Government, when people are dying or are seriously ill because of your dietary supplement, you should not be selling them at the exchanges.  Let me say a word about ephedra. It received a lot of headlines.  Mr. President, for the purpose of those who were following my statement ever so closely and might have been interrupted and lost their train of thought, let me return to that for a moment and tell you what I am doing.  This amendment says you cannot sell dietary supplements containing stimulants at military stores and base exchanges, unless the maker of the dietary supplement agrees, under law, to notify the Government if there are adverse events when somebody takes the supplement. In other words, if you take a nutritional or dietary supplement and suffer a heart attack or a stroke or someone dies and it is reported to the manufacturer, this would require that the manufacturer notify the Government.  Has that ever happened? Sadly, it has. The military bases took ephedra off the shelves at the end of 2002 because, between 1997 and 2001, at least 30 active American military duty personnel died after taking ephedra. After 7 years of effort, the FDA banned ephedra in 2004. The industry went to court and fought it--even though 150 Americans had died from this dietary supplement--and they won. In a court in Utah, they determined that the Federal law, the Dietary Supplement Health Education Act, DSHEA, didn't have the teeth to stop the sale of ephedra as a dietary nutritional supplement. So today this tells the story.  Nutrition centers, such as this one in the photo, in Cincinnati, OH, are proclaiming ``ephedra is back.'' It certainly is. A member of my staff decided to order 30 pills containing 200 milligrams each of ephedra over the Internet from a post office box in Boonville, MO. You can pick it up everywhere, even though it continues to be dangerous.  Why should we expose the men and women in our military to supplements that have already taken the lives of at least 30 of our military personnel and threatened scores of others? This amendment says we will not. Unless you, as a manufacturer, are prepared to report adverse events to the Federal Government, you cannot sell these products on military bases.  In case people are wondering whether this little effort against ephedra is my personal idea, ephedra, such as I am holding it here, has already been banned for sale in Canada. As I am holding it here, it has been banned for sale in many local jurisdictions. The American Medical Association has said it is a dangerous supplement. We have seen sports activities--one after the other--ban the use of ephedra. A Baltimore Orioles pitcher died last year after taking it in an attempt to lose weight. In my area of Lincoln, IL, in central Illinois, a great young man, 16 years old, went to the local gas station--Sean Riggins was his name--to buy some dietary supplement pills to get ready for a high school football game. By the next morning, he was dead from a heart attack.  I do not want to see that happen again. I certainly want to spare our military personnel from having to face that.  I tried to move this amendment last year. Others came to the floor and said: We can work this out. It never happened. The industry did nothing. We have achieved nothing. We have to put this protection in the law for our military personnel.  I close by asking unanimous consent that Senator Feinstein's name be added as a cosponsor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (