President, let me say at the outset that Senator Bayh and I are offering this amendment. It turns out that we have had the same basic concept and idea. We kind of came at it a little differently. I spoke to him on the telephone a few moments ago. I am going to defer to him in allowing him to be the lead sponsor on this amendment because together we might have a better chance of success, and that, of course, is the ultimate test of the wisdom of this concept.  I especially salute Robert Preiss of my staff, who is a fellow serving in my office who has come to us from the military and has worked night and day in trying to make certain that we help those who are in the Guard and Reserve and Active military. He has put an awful lot of time into this amendment. When some procedural questions came up that were important to be resolved, we turned it over to Robert Preiss, and he did an excellent job. That is the reason we can come before you today with confidence that this amendment can be considered under this important Defense authorization bill. It is critically important. I would like to explain it for my colleagues to understand why Senator Bayh and I decided to offer it and now offer it together.  The Department of Defense status of forces survey of Reserve component members, released in September 2004, revealed that 51 percent of our National Guard and Reserve said they suffer a loss in income when mobilized for long periods of active duty because their military pay is less than what they were receiving in their civilian job. The average reservist says that he or she loses $368 a month, but 11 percent report losing more than $2,500 a month. Imagine that you joined the Guard and Reserve, volunteered to serve the country, and then you are activated. You leave your job and family, go overseas and risk your life and worry about coming home safe. Many of our Guard and Reserve members are also worried about what is happening to the family back home. There is less money for the monthly budget, less money for the mortgage, less money to pay gasoline bills. It all adds up.  If you take a look, this is kind of an illustration that 51 percent of the reservists lose income when mobilized, and 11 percent lose more than $2,500 per month. This income loss represents a disparity in the ranks and poses on reservists a burden not experienced by many Active-Duty troops. Many Active-Duty troops experience increases in income during deployments due to tax advantages, hazardous duty pay, family separation allowances, and other special pay enhancements. Those reservists with incomes higher than the deployed military suffer a loss. Their ongoing financial commitments continue for their children, for their families, for their homes, their automobiles. You know the list as well as I do. Their basic expenses are based on civilian income, but when they are activated, they are receiving military income. The resulting financial problems on the homefront can distract a man or woman who has said: I am ready to serve my country and even risk my life.  The amendment I offer with Senator Bayh allows reservists mobilized for extended periods to receive up to $3,000 per month in extra pay to make up for differences between their military and civilian salaries. To qualify, a reservist must have a pay gap of at least $50 a month.  The language I offer today is identical to that in the House bill, with one exception. This amendment provides these income replacement payments for Reserve component members mobilized for 6 months or more. The Housebill says that you have to be called up for 18 months or more to qualify for this income supplement. That is entirely too long. It is rare that a reservist is going to be called up for 18 months. So the bill as it comes from the House really doesn't do much. This is entirely too long, to expect a reservist to wait 18 months before we give them some income supplement. Indeed, with most callups currently lasting around 18 months, the practical effect of a qualification period that long would be that few reservists would ever get a dime of help. We can do a lot better than that. America can do better for its men and women in uniform. I urge my Senate colleagues to pull together. The House plan is good, but the qualification period is unrealistically long. We can make it better.  This language was proposed by Congressman McHugh. He is the Republican chairman of the House Armed Services Committee Subcommittee on Personnel. He originally proposed a 12-month qualification period. It was extended to 18 months through hasty action in the committee that may not have been carefully considered. As I have said, the language I offer today with Senator Bayh is the same with the exception that this version we offer calls for a 6-month qualification period.  According to an Army Times article about this provision, Chairman McHugh said something needs to be done. I agree with him. He said: ``We have a crisis.'' I agree with that. He repeated that the extended deployments are raising this issue time and time again for many of the very best who serve our country. I have to agree with Chairman McHugh 100 percent. We have made a sound proposal because we do, indeed, have a crisis. Recruiting numbers are down for our military. That is a fact of life. With the Reserve components missing their recruitment targets, we must look to the retention of existing members to keep up force strength.  So far, retention has been pretty good. I salute the men and women for staying on in the military even though we ask more and more of them each day. But the existence of this income loss is going to hurt us with retention. Let's be honest about it. Of the top 10 reasons cited in the status of forces survey for leaving the National Guard and Reserve, income loss was No. 4. The others are obvious: family burden, too many activations and deployments, activations are too long, and loss of income. We ask a lot of sacrifice from the men and women in uniform. They march off and do their duty, whether it is responding to Hurricane Katrina at home or going over to risk their lives in Iraq or Afghanistan. We understand that we can do something about the income loss. That is what this amendment seeks to do.  I urge my colleagues on both sides to support this measure. Pass this amendment and include it in our Senate bill language so that when we get together with the House of Representatives, we can ensure that something does get done this year to eliminate or at least reduce the income loss suffered by families of some of our guardsmen and reservists. By standing behind a qualification period of 6 months, we lay down a clear marker that we in the Senate stand for more than just symbolism. We really want to help. We stand for real help in addressing the pay gap for the good of the members of our Reserve components, for the good of their families, for the long-term good of the force, and for the good of our Nation.  I urge my colleagues, if they think this is a worthy amendment and will join us in it, Senator Bayh and I would welcome their support. This should be a bipartisan amendment. I don't know how we can argue over whether we should protect the income of the men and women who fight for us. If they are going to be away from their families and separated, not there for the important decisions that are being made by their families, the least we can do is make sure they don't face some unreasonable hardship because of income loss.  I see Senator Landrieu is here. I salute her. She has done so many things recently on Hurricane Katrina and other issues. But she has been one of the strongest voices in the Senate for the Guard and Reserve and our military. She and I spoke the other day about this issue. She said: We have to have an amendment to help Guard and Reserve. I am glad she has come to the Chamber at this moment because it is timely. We are trying to make sure this bill doesn't leave the Senate without a provision in it that is going to help these men and women in uniform.  