President, for those who are following the business of the Senate, after morning business we hope to move to closure of debate on my amendment. It is my understanding that Senator Stevens is returning from the White House and would like to speak on the amendment, and we will have a formal unanimous consent request but it is my intent to protect his right to speak for up to 5 minutes and to protect my right to close for up to 5 minutes. Otherwise, our goal is to try to have a vote at 12:15 on this amendment. I say that even though there has not been a formal consent agreed to, but that is what the discussion leads to.  For those who are following this debate, this is an important bill that is before us. It is the supplemental appropriations bill. The President has come to Congress and asked for money to wage the war in Iraq and Afghanistan. What we find curious is that this amount is not being included in the President's budget. In fact, he is arguing he is moving toward a balanced budget but fails to include the cost of the war.  It is my understanding, and I think I am close on this number, with this additional $81 billion, we will have allocated and spent $210 billion on the war in Iraq and Afghanistan. The President refuses to include this in his budget. If he did, we would have a much deeper deficit than currently stated.  Those of us who believe in at least honesty in accounting cannot understand why we are doing this separately. Why do we have a supplemental bill for this war in Iraq and Afghanistan when we are clearly going to be there for a period of time? I hope for a short period of time but at least for some period of time.  That budget argument aside, I will go to the merits of what we are discussing. The $81 billion for the war in Iraq and Afghanistan is a figure that I will support. I was one of the Senators who joined my great friend and leader Senator Robert Byrd in voting against the resolution to authorize the President to use force in this war in Iraq.  