President, I come to the floor today to announce my opposition to CAFTA. Some expect Democratic Senators to by and large oppose trade agreements and Republican Senators to support them. I come to this debate as a Democratic Senator who has supported trade agreements in the past. I supported NAFTA, permanent normal trade relations for China, trade agreements for Chile, Singapore, Morocco, and Australia. I think globalization is as inevitable as gravity. We have to accept the fact that America cannot be a rich and prosperous country by selling to ourselves. Merely doing one another's laundry will not create wealth and will not improve our standard of living. We need markets. That is why I have supported trade agreements in the past.  I also understand that as you expand trade, there is pain and there is gain. We have seen it happen throughout the history of the world that as trade expands, some industries expand with it and others decline. When we Americans look at the course of history, we find strong evidence that joining together democracy and free markets is a winning combination. Expanding trade goes hand in hand with pushing the concepts of freedom, ingenuity, innovation, efficiency--all sorts of respect for people at every level. That is one of the reasons I have supported some trade agreements in the past. That is the very reason I oppose CAFTA.  I am disappointed. If there is one casualty in CAFTA, that casualty would be the worker--not just the American worker but the workers in Central America. We know what is happening. We have seen over the past 4 years that America has lost one out of every six manufacturing jobs in the last 4 years and few months. It hit my State pretty hard. Several hundred thousand manufacturing jobs in Illinois are gone, never to return. It is happening across America. The trade policy we have today is exporting jobs. How long can this continue?  We would like to believe that we are going to educate and train a new group of American workers for the 21st century economy. We have to. But in the meantime, should we be entering into trade agreements that encourage the export of good-paying manufacturing jobs from the United States? Should we, instead, be saying that we are going to have trade agreements that make certain we aren't playing to the lowest level? If we have to compete with the countries that pay the lowest wages in the world, we will always lose.  What are we going to say to American workers? Compete at a wage level the same as another country? If you do that, you know what is going to happen to the standard of living. How can you provide for your family? How can you expect to have health insurance? How can you put any money away for your retirement, when you play to that level? That is what this trade agreement does.  Let me tell you two specifics. Senator Ron Wyden of the State of Oregon offered an amendment to this CAFTA agreement which said: If American workers in the service industries lose their jobs because of our decision to enact this trade agreement, we will help retrain them, give them new skills and education so they can go back to work. Displaced workers from service industries would have a fighting chance to get back on their feet and be able to compete. The amendment was rejected by the Bush administration, leaving these workers, who are the victims of CAFTA, high and dry. But there are other workers at stake here, too. I don't think it is unreasonable for us to ask, when a country says they want to trade with us, How do you treat your workers? Do you treat them with dignity? Do you give them a chance to bargain collectively for their future? Do you allow child labor? Do you allow slave labor? Why in the world would we want to get into a trade agreement with a country that is exporting goods to the United States because they exploit the very people who live in their country?  The language in CAFTA is the weakest language I have ever seen in a trade agreement. It basically says to the Central American countries: Just play by your own rules, whatever they happen to be.  That is not enough. It isn't as if we don't know what is coming. Our U.S. Department of Labor, under the Bush administration, ordered a study of the labor laws in the Central American countries that we are entering into this agreement with. That study came out and made the following report:       In practice, labor laws on the books in Central America are      not sufficient to deter employers from violations, as actual      sanctions for violations of the law are weak or nonexistent.  What does that mean? It means that if you hire children to make textile goods or whatever it happens to be, if you exploit these little kids in one of these countries, if you work people enormous hours without adequate compensation, if you stop them from organizing and bargaining collectively, the laws in Central America are not going to be there to protect those workers. Ordinarily we say: Life is different in other parts of the world. We shouldn't worry about it. These are the very workers who will make the products who will compete with America. That is what it comes down to. Are we going to continue to play to the lowest common denominator, that as long as businesses are profitable in their trade agreements, we don't want to know the details? That is what this trade agreement does.  Under this administration, workers are expendable. They are expendable in the United States, and they are expendable in the countries that we are entering into agreements with.  That is a sad reality.  I know that there are going to be changes, and we have to accept economic change. But wouldn't we want to stand by American workers first and their families? We have done it in some other agreements--the Caribbean Basin Initiative and the Generalized System of Preferences. This agreement is one of the weakest I have ever seen when it comes to the rights of working people. In those countries in Central America, it is not uncommon to face blacklisting, violence, even assassination of union organizers. It goes largely unpunished. This agreement would not move us one step toward more civilized treatment of workers in those countries.  If we truly care about the basic protections that are supposed to be behind a free-market economy and democracy, we ought to protect American workersfirst, not rush to the bottom when it comes to labor standards. We ought to enter into trade agreements where parties are not free to ignore labor standards and basic human rights. That is what is at stake.  Since this President took office, we have lost 2.8 million manufacturing jobs--1 out of 6--and 140,000 in my home State in the last 4\1/2\ years. It is a tragic, dismal, and shameful record of American workers losing their opportunities. And this trade agreement, sadly, will only make it worse.  Let me tell you about the group that, frankly, will prosper the most from this agreement. It will come as no surprise to you if you understand the political dynamics of Capitol Hill.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  