President, I rise in strong support of the Murray amendment. This is an emergency supplemental bill. We are considering funding for our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. I voted against this war. I didn't think we were prepared. I didn't think we had a coalition to stand behind us that would send in the soldiers and bring the resources to the battle. Our military went into this war and performed admirably. We were well prepared for the military invasion. Clearly we were not prepared for what happened afterward.  For 2 years now we have been in Iraq and Afghanistan. For 2 years we have seen the casualties come home and we have seen the body bags and caskets come home as well. We have lost over 16,000 of our best and bravest in Iraq to this day. Among our allies, thank goodness there have been fewer losses. But in comparison it shows we are carrying the burden of battle. Our sons and daughters are carrying the burden of battle. The taxpayers, with this bill, will put the resources into material and equipment so these soldiers can do their job and come home safely.  How many of us have stood up on the floor of the Senate on both sides of the aisle praising these men and women in uniform, saying we have to stand behind them, keep them in your thoughts and prayers, don't be ashamed to wave that flag? We are all proud Americans.  Senator Murray comes to us today and asks whether our pride in our fighting men and women is enough for us to declare it an emergency to make sure our veterans hospitals and clinics are up to the task of serving these men and women. For us to give all the great speeches about how much we admire the soldiers and then, when they are hurt and come home, to throw them into a VA system unprepared to take care of them is a mockery. If we truly believe in the goodness of the men and women who risk their lives for America, why wouldn't we vote for the Murray amendment to put the money in the veterans hospitals so the very best doctors and nurses and equipment is there for our sons, our daughters, the husband, and wives of people we love.  Let me tell you about one element of this which I am particularly proud that Senator Murray has added at my request. It is estimated that at least one out of every five soldiers who serves will come home and face a condition known as posttraumatic stress disorder. What is it? If you saw the movie ``Patton,'' you can recall that scene where George C. Scott, playing Patton, went in the military hospital, saw a soldier on a cot and asked: Where were you hit, soldier? The soldier responded: I wasn't hit. I just can't do it anymore. And Patton reached down and slapped him. He slapped that soldier and that slap reverberated across America, a scandalous headline that this general would slap a soldier because he couldn't face battle.  In all honesty, it is that attitude and denial which have led the United States to ignore this very real problem. It wasn't until 1980, 25 years ago, that the Veterans' Administration acknowledged the fact that when you take men and women in America, train them to be soldiers and sailors, marines and airmen, serve in the Coast Guard, put them into battle, they can have life experiences and witness events which will have a dramatic impact on them personally. They may need help and counseling to come home and set their lives on the right path. The first time we acknowledged posttraumatic stress disorder was 1980. They used to call it shell shock and battle fatigue. But it was never acknowledged as a medical problem that needed attention until 1980.  A few weeks ago I went across my State of Illinois. I went to five different locations for roundtables. I invited medical counselors from the Veterans' Administration to tell me about the soldiers who were trying to come to grips with this torment in their minds over what they had done and what they had seen. I was nothing short of amazed at what happened. In every single stop, these men and women came forward and sat at tables before groups in their communities, before the media, and told their sad stories of being trained to serve this country, being proud to serve, and going into battle situations which caused an impact on their mind they never could have imagined, and coming home with their minds in this turmoil over what they had done and seen, and many times having to wait months and, in one case, a year before they could see a doctor at a VA hospital.  I couldn't believe the stories of World War II veterans. A veteran in southern Illinois who was in the Philippines couldn't come to my meeting because ``I just can't face talking about it,'' 60 years after his experience. Veterans from Korea where my two brothers served, veterans from Vietnam who came home rejected by many, who couldn't resolve their difficulties because they were afraid to even acknowledge they were veterans, tormented by this for decades.  The ones that gripped my heart the most were the Iraqi veterans. I will never forget these men and women. The one I sat next to at Collinsville, a bright, handsome, good looking young marine, talked about going into Fallujah with his unit and how his point man was riddled with bullets, and he had to carry the parts of his body out of that street into some side corner where he could be evacuated, at least the remains could be evacuated. Then he served as point man and went forward. A rocket-propelled grenade was shot at him, and it bounced off his helmet. One of the insurgents came up and shot him twice in the chest. This happened in November. He was there. He survived.  When he came home, he couldn't understand who he was because of what he had seen and been involved in. He had problems with his wife, difficult, violent problems, and he turned to the VA for help.  I said to this young marine: I am almost afraid to ask you this, but how old are you?  He said: I am 19.  Think of what he has been through. Thank goodness he is in the hands of counselors. Thank goodness he is getting some help, moving in the right direction.  But in another meeting in southern Illinois, another soldier said, in front of the group: As part of this battle, I killed children, women. I killed old people. I am trying to come to grips with this in my mind as I try to come back into civilian life.  A young woman, an activated guardswoman from Illinois, said when she came out, still in distress over what she had seen and done, they stopped her at Camp McCoy in Wisconsin and sat her down and asked: Any problems? Of course, that should have been the time for her to come forward and say: I have serious problems. She didn't. Because if you said you had a problem, you had to stay at Camp McCoy for 3 more months. She was so desperate to get home she said: No problems.  She came home and finally realized that was not true. She had serious psychological problems over what she had been through. When she turned to the VA and asked for help, they said: You can come in and see a counselor at the VA in 1 year.  What happens to these veterans, victims of posttraumatic stress disorder, without counseling at an early stage? Sadly, many of them see their marriages destroyed. One I met was on his fourth marriage. Many of them self-medicate with alcohol, sometimes with drugs, desperate to find some relief from the nightmares they face every night. These are the real stories of real people, our sons and daughters, our brothers and sisters, our husbands and wives who go to battle to defend this country and come home with the promise that we will stand behind them.  If we stand behind them, we need to stand by the Murray amendment--$2 billion to make sure these hospitals and clinics have the very best people to treat our soldiers coming home; money as well to make certain that there is family therapy, something that is often overlooked. How many times do you hear the story of the wife who says: Who is this man who came back from battle? He is not the soldier I sent away. He is so distant. He doesn't talk to me. He gets angry in a hurry. He wants to be away from us. That is not the man I sent to battle. The spouses and their children need help, too.  I implore my colleagues. I know it is considered unusual to come in on a President's request and add money for the Veterans' Administration. But we are not doing our duty as Senators to only provide the money for the troops for the battle. We have to do more. We must do that. But we need to provide the physical and mental medical help these same soldiers need when they come home.  I thank Senator Murray for her leadership on this amendment. I wish it were a bipartisan amendment. There is certainly bipartisan support for our troops. But maybe when the vote comes, we will find if the same Senators who have said such glowing things about the men and women in uniform will stand by them when they come home and need a helping hand.  I yield the floor.  