 I say to him, consider two things. Let's assume the Senator is in a unit that is in combat and he learns the fellow next to him who has been activated as a Guardsman used to work for Sears Roebuck, a Chicago-based company. And because Sears Roebuck is such a good and patriotic corporation, they have decided they are going to protect his income. They are going to give him more than his military pay. They are going to keep him at the same level of pay he received before he was activated.  Will I think less of that fellow soldier because he is receiving some money from Sears and think maybe we shouldn't eat at the same mess table, or stand together and fight together? I don't think so. I think people will say that is good fortune for you.  The second point I would like to raise is this: A person who is active military--I have a nephew who just enlisted in the Marine Corps--a person who is in the active military knows what his or her life is going to be and builds his or her life accordingly in terms of expenses incurred. A person in the Guard and Reserve has a civilian life and civilian financial obligations that he or she knows may come when they are activated and a hardship may come from separation. But they are in different circumstances as they go into this field of combat. One comes from an active military life with a family budget accordingly, and the other comes from the private sector with another family budget.  It seems to me what I am asking is, since we now rely more than ever on the Guard and Reserve, shouldn't we be more sensitive to that? Shouldn't we say that if you are willing to sacrifice your time and your life for your country, we are willing to sacrifice, too, to make sure there is no unnecessary economic hardship?  I don't think the two observations I made are unreasonable. The Senator from Virginia knows better than I because he has been in the military and I have not served. But I would think in a unit, people would be more sensitive to that. To think that soldier who left that job in the private sector or the Federal Government is next to me worried because they missed the second mortgage payment back home wouldn't make me feel any better about my unit and wouldn't make me feel any better to know that is going on.  