President, this amendment is not new to this Senate. We have considered it several times and passed it. It has not survived conference committees, but I hope this time it will be successful, we will be successful in our effort in passing it. It is the reservist pay amendment.  Here is what is going on in America: All across America members of Guard units and Reserve units are being activated, called into service for our country, risking their lives, spending lengthy periods of time away from their families. We understand these new assignments create a lot of personal hardship and sacrifice on the part of these soldiers and marines, sailors, airmen, members of the Coast Guard, and others. We also understand it creates much financial hardship on some as well.  So we, as a nation, encourage the employers of Guard and Reserve members to try to stand by the men and women who are serving our country, even when they have been activated. It turns out that well over 1,000 employers across America have said: We will do just that. They continue to make up the difference in pay for these activated members of the Guard and Reserve. We salute them. We thank them. They are bringing financial peace of mind to men and women who are serving our country every day, separated from their homes and their families.  Now, the concern I have is the fact that one of the largest employers in America is not doing the same thing, and that is the Federal Government. The Federal Government is not making up the difference in pay for those members of the Guard and Reserve who are activated. Some of them face quite a setback when they are activated and receive less money and a lot of financial hardship.  Last year, when we debated this amendment, the Government Accountability Office told us that about 40 percent of Guardsmen and Reservists lose some amount of income when mobilized. Well, I want to report to the Senate that figure has now been updated. The new figure is 51 percent. More than half of the men and women activated in the Guard and Reserve lose income because of that activation, causing financial hardship and economic difficulties for some. Over 11 percent of those activated lose more than $2,500.  We also find that income loss is one of the top reasons given by Guardsmen and Reservists as to why they stop serving in Reserve components. We need to actively recruit and retain the very best to serve in America's military. And when you ask those currently serving why they are not reupping, why they are not reenlisting, many of them give as a major reason--one of the top reasons--the loss of income when they are activated to serve from Reserve units.  We want to make certain that we salute the employers across America who are dealing with these troops and helping them. But I think we have an obligation, those of us who work here in Washington, to make sure our Government does the same.  Roughly 1 out of every 10 Guardsmen and Reservists in service to our country is also a Federal employee. How can we on the one hand say to private employers, and even State governments, ``We salute you for your foresight and compassion in helping our troops'' and not do the same? I think we ought to be standing by those Federal employees who are activated in the service to our country as well. We should not be lagging behind those who have made real contributions and have shown this leadership. We should be setting an example.  This measure does not bust the budget. It results in some expenditures, but the money to make up any lost income by mobilized Federal workers is drawn from funds already previously appropriated. Secondly, it is not additional pay for military service. Reservists continue to receive the same military pay for the same military job. Any differential pay they receive is separate and apart, simply intended to keep such employees financially whole while serving our country.  I do not believe our service men and women sit down and ask those serving with them, ``Do you have a supplement in pay coming in here?'' and resent it if some do and some do not. Why, then, would we put Federal employees in this unfortunate situation? The wisdom of this amendment is it is readily understandable by the entire force, whetherActive Duty or Reserve. They know that private-sector companies are making whole these employees' pay, and they can certainly understand it if the Federal Government did the same.  I think we ought to be sensitive to the fact that if we do not make up the difference in regular civilian income, it could create great hardship, concern, worry, stress, and anxiety on troops that we want in the field with a positive attitude doing their job and coming home safely.  The reason to support this measure is simple: The Federal Government cannot continue to do less for its employees than other major employers. It is time for the Government to be as generous, as caring, as compassionate as Sears, Roebuck, IBM, Home Depot, General Motors, and 24 State governments that stand behind their soldiers once they are activated to serve our country.  How can we commend everyone else and not do our part? We can adopt this amendment. I invite all of my colleagues to come together once more to adopt the Reservist Pay Security Act.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on the pending amendment.  