President, I will tell you, when we hear about the contracts that are being let for Hurricane Katrina and other natural disasters, it raises similar questions. Just last week, the head of procurement in the White House, Mr. Safavian, was arrested. He was the top man in the White House when it came to procurement and contracts. Because of some misrepresentations that he apparently made--it has been alleged that he made these misrepresentations--he has been asked to step down from this spot in the White House.  But we have to ask about the contracts that are being let now for Hurricane Katrina. The Senate and House approved some $60 billion for emergency aid. So far, 80 percent of the contracts that FEMA has let are no-bid contracts. They have just awarded them to companies without any competitive bidding whatsoever.  The New York Times on September 26 said as follows:       More than 80 percent of the $1.5 billion of contracts      signed by FEMA alone were awarded without bidding, or with      limited competition, government records show, provoking      concerns among auditors and government officials about the      potential for favoritism and abuse. Already questions have      been asked about the political connection of major contracts.  And the article goes on:       Questions are being raised as to whether this money is      actually going to the victims and is actually being well      spent. It raises a question of compensation, not just to make      certain these victims and communities get back on their feet      as quickly as possible but to make certain we are prepared      for the next disaster that may face the United States. We      have seen and read of serious problems which have occurred      with Hurricane Katrina. Some of the same occurred with      Hurricane Rita.  In Texas, in Express News on September 26, it is written that:       Jefferson County Texas Judge Carl Griffith said the county      has encountered problems gaining access to troops, equipment      and supplies needed to help rebuild the storm-battered      region. The judge said local authorities weren't able to use      about 50 generators the State had prepositioned at an      entertainment complex until late Sunday night because no      clearance had been given to release them. Mr. Johnson,      Jefferson County Administrator, said he had asked for      generators to supply power to St. Elizabeth's Hospital and      was told there were none available. Then he said, ``I had to      show the FEMA representatives the generators were sitting in      the parking lot.''  So there clearly is a need for us to increase the level of competency and performance when it comes to dealing with these disasters.  The bottom line is this: If we want to find out what went wrong and learn how to avoid it in the future, there is one thing that we can do and do now as a Congress which will reach that goal--an independent, nonpartisan commission, not a commission created by Republicans or Democrats in Congress of their own Members, nor an investigation initiated by the administration to look at wrongdoing that it might have committed itself, but an independent, nonpartisan commission. Some have argued against it, saying we waited a year for the 9/11 Commission, why shouldn't we wait a year to look into the problems of Katrina? We waited a year because the White House opposedthe creation of that Commission. Ultimately, it was created and did a great service to this country.  The force that kept the 9/11 Commission moving--this independent, nonpartisan commission--was the families who were victims of 9/11. That same force needs to come forward here. The victims of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita should be the moving force for the creation of an independent, nonpartisan commission.  The Republican leadership in Congress and the Democratic leadership in Congress should acknowledge the obvious: If we are going to get clear answers as to what went wrong so those mistakes will not be made again, we need an independent, nonpartisan commission. We shouldn't be fearful of them. If they point a finger of blame at Congress, so be it. If they point a finger of blame at State and local leaders, so be it. The important thing is not who was wrong before, the important thing is let us make certain that America is safe in the future.  I yield the floor.  