 Sometimes by accident the Senate lapses into something which perilously resembles debate. This may be one of those moments.  For those who are following it, welcome to the Senate as I hoped it would be. I congratulate my colleagues on the Republican side and my colleague Senator Stabenow for engaging in this debate.  The first question the American people ought to ask is a very basic question: Congress, if you did nothing, if you didn't change one word in the Social Security law, how long would the Social Security system make payments to every retiree with a cost-of-living adjustment every single year? To listen to my colleague from Pennsylvania, it sounds as though doomsday for Social Security is right around the corner. But the professionals tell us it is 35 to 45 years away; 35 to 45 years if we do nothing.  President Bush and Senator Santorum and others have said, but what about beyond that date? That is a legitimate challenge to all of us. When I came to Congress in 1983, I faced that challenge on a bipartisan basis. We met that challenge. We extended the life of Social Security for 59 years with commonsense changes. That is what we should do again.  Yet the President comes to us and proposes privatization. Now I have said it. I said the word which drives the Republicans into a rage. They don't want to use ``privatization.'' It is as Senator Bumpers said, they hate privatization like the devil hates holy water. But the fact is when the Cato Institute dreamed up this scheme, that is exactly what they called it.  So now the Republicans have a softer side of privatization; they call it personal accounts. But it comes down to the same thing. If you are going to take money out of the Social Security trust fund to invest it in the stock market, the first and obvious question you have to ask is, does this strengthen Social Security? The President has already answered that question: It doesn't. It weakens Social Security. It means the Social Security trust fund will run out of money sooner. That is obvious. You are taking money out of the trust fund.  What else does it do? It forces you to cut benefits for Social Security retirees. There is less money in the trust fund. You cannot pay out as much in a pay-as-you-go system. That is fairly obvious.  How would they achieve that? The White House memo that was released said they would move to this new price index. Wage index to price index does not mean much to the average person until you sit down and ask, what does that mean in realistic terms? So we ask, what does that mean for today's retirees? What if we had dealt with a price index instead of a wage index?  The yellow line on the chart suggests current law; the red line price indexing. What it tells us is 20 or 30 years from now, under the President's approach, we would see a 40-percent cut in benefits paid to Social Security, forcing millions of seniors below the poverty line. That is part of privatization. The other part, the part which they hate to talk about, is that as you drag these trillions of dollars out of the Social Security trust fund, the only way to make it up is to add it to our national debt, $2 trillion to $5 trillion of national debt over 20 years, debt that is financed by Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan, debt our children would carry.  So there we have the perfect storm. All three have come together: A privatization plan that doesn't strengthen Social Security but weakens it; a privatization plan that is going to cut benefits dramatically in the outyears; and a privatization plan that is going to create a deficit of $2 trillion to $5 trillion.  If we moved to the President's plan immediately, the Social Security system would go bankrupt even sooner, be insolvent even sooner. How can that be the right approach?  Now, let's get down to the politics of this situation. This is all about choices. We have made some choices. We had a vote as to whether we were going to cut taxes in America or save Social Security. Look at these Bush tax cut votes where we asked our Republican friends who wanted to join us in saving Social Security, are you willing to sacrifice a penny in tax cuts to make Social Security stronger. Time after time after time, to amendments offered by Senator Byrd, Senator Harkin, Senator Conrad, Senator Reid, Senator Hollings, they have said no, we would prefer tax cuts even for the wealthiest people in this country rather than to strengthen the Social Security trust fund. The reason the Social Security trust fund may be in peril in the outyears is we have taken so much out of it to finance tax cuts.  I have a chart which shows what the tax cuts mean, the Social Security shortfall and the cost of other administration politics over the next 75 years. The Social Security shortfall is about the same as the President's tax cuts for the top 1 percent of Americans. If we took the money we are giving in tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America and put it back into the Social Security system, we would not be having this debate. We would be talking about other issues that are equally if not more important.  Look at this chart. As a percentage of gross domestic product, Social Security will be at 48 percent in the year 2075. Look at Medicare and look at Medicaid. As we talk about this light at the end of the tunnel, 35 or 45 years from now, there is a locomotive looming, about to run over us, called Medicaid and Medicare and cost of health insurance.  So why aren't we sitting down on a bipartisan basis as we did in 1983, working out commonsense solutions that don't privatize Social Security, weakening it, cutting benefits, creating a massive debt for our children? Why don't we work on a bipartisan basis to make it stronger?  