President, and to the chairman and ranking member of the committee, I hope this is an amendment which will be accepted because it is noncontroversial and important to my State and to the protection of our country.  The amendment authorizes the Secretary of the Air Force to enter into agreements with local county officials for the construction and lease of joint administration and operation facilities needed at Scott Air Force Base, currently operating under a joint use agreement with MidAmerica Airport, to accommodate new missions.  The fiscal year 05 Defense Appropriations conference report included $259 million to procure three C-40C aircraft to be based at Scott Air Force Base and flown by the 932nd Airlift Wing with the 375th Air Wing as an active associate, move three C-9C aircraft from Andrews Air Force Base to Scott AFB, and to support these new and expanded missions.  The expanded C-9 mission and new C-40 mission will strain existing TRANSCOM and TACC facilities and require additional administrative and operations space/structures.  Due to the accelerated funding schedule of the C-9 and C-40 missions, immediate administrative and operations space is needed.  St. Clair County, IL, the appropriate local unit of Government, has offered to enter into an agreement with the Air Force to construct the necessary facilities, saving our Department of Defense some money. These structures would be for joint military-civilian use. Currently, Scott AFB and MidAmerica Airport operate on a joint use plan. St. Clair County is a partner in MidAmerica Airport.  The Air Force has estimated the cost of a new facility for TRANSCOM and HQ TACC is about $60 million.  This general provision is needed in order for the Air Force and St. Clair County to enter into an agreement on joint use facilities. The construction would be at no cost to the Air Force. The county would invite the Air Force to lease space in the buildings, consistent with military lease requirements.  If the chairman has not had a chance to review this amendment, I would like to ask his staff to take a look at it. It is no expense to the Government and it provides a necessary facility at a very important airbase.  