President, and thank you to my colleagues for taking time for this debate. I don't know how much we have lit up the place with our brilliance, but at least we did our very best to explain our points of view.  My colleague from South Carolina uses an interesting analogy of the house sliding off the hill. What they have suggested for that house that is starting to slide off the hill in privatizing Social Security is, before it slides off the hill, let's rip the roof off and start a fire in the kitchen. That is what privatization does. It doesn't create a stronger foundation for Social Security or for that house. It makes it weaker. It weakens Social Security, it cuts benefits, it drives more seniors into poverty, and it creates $2 trillion to $5 trillion more in debts.  If you want to make that house stronger, you have to backfill. You have to take the money you took out of the Social Security trust fund, money you took out for tax cuts, money you took out for things we couldn't afford to pay, money that has driven us into the deepest deficits we have ever seen in America under this President. That is how you backfill a foundation to save this house on the hill.  This debate is not about solvency. I think we know now that it is about the legitimacy of Social Security. I believe in it. Most Americans believe in it. It is a safety net we have counted on for almost 65 years and we will continue to count on.  But some of my friends on the Republican side see the world much differently. They have what they call the so-called ownership society. If you can just own it, then it has to be great. The model of the ownership society is, just remember, we are all in this alone.  But we are not in this alone. When Franklin Roosevelt created Social Security, he said the American family, all workers, will contribute through their payroll to make sure, if all bets fail, if your pension system fails, if you don't have enough in savings, you can always count on Social Security. That, he said, is what the American family needs.  They need it today more than ever. Pension systems are failing. These corporations are going bankrupt and throwing their shareholders and retirees and employees to the wolves. We cannot do the same with Social Security.  We ought to be able to stand together and make even difficult choices, as we did in 1983, when a larger number of Republican Senators joined Democratic Senators to find a bipartisan solution. Privatization is not the answer. Ripping the roof off that house and starting a fire in the kitchen is not going to make it any safer.  