President, it has come to my attention that there was a significant decision by a criminal court in Seattle. The decision, as I understand it, was made this week, and it involved a U.S. district judge, John C. Coughenour. I hope I have pronounced his name correctly. Judge Coughenour was tasked with an awesome responsibility--the prosecution of Ahmed Ressam, who had been accused of terrorist acts against the United States.  The case was rather straightforward. The man had plotted to bomb the Los Angeles Airport on the eve of the celebration of our millennium. It was in imposing the sentence that Judge Coughenour said some things which are worth repeating. He called into question some conclusions that many people have reached about our system of justice and really reminded us of our legacy in terms of constitutional responsibility in this country.  I ask unanimous consent that the judge's entire statement at the sentencing hearing be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:     Judge's Statement       U.S. District Judge John C. Coughenour made a statement      during Wednesday's sentencing hearing for Ahmed Ressam.      ``Okay. Let me say a few things. First of all, it will come      as no surprise to anybody that this sentencing is one that I      have struggled with a great deal, more than any other      sentencing that I've had in the 24 years I've been on the      bench.       ``I've done my very best to arrive at a period of      confinement that appropriately recognizes the severity of the      intended offense, but also recognizes the practicalities of      the parties' positions before trial and the cooperation of      Mr. Ressam, even though it did terminate prematurely.       ``The message I would hope to convey in today's sentencing      is twofold:       ``First, that we have the resolve in this country to deal      with the subject of terrorism and people who engage in it      should be prepared to sacrifice a major portion of their life      in confinement.       ``Secondly, though, I would like to convey the message that      our system works. We did not need to use a secret military      tribunal, or detain the defendant indefinitely as an enemy      combatant, or deny him the right to counsel, or invoke any      proceedings beyond those guaranteed by or contrary to the      United States Constitution.       ``I would suggest that the message to the world from      today's sentencing is that our courts have not abandoned our      commitment to the ideals that set our nation apart. We can      deal with the threats to our national security without      denying the accused fundamental constitutional protections.       ``Despite the fact that Mr. Ressam is not an American      citizen and despite the fact that he entered this country      intent upon killing American citizens, he received an      effective, vigorous defense, and the opportunity to have his      guilt or innocence determined by a jury of 12 ordinary      citizens.       ``Most importantly, all of this occurred in the sunlight of      a public trial. There were no secret proceedings, no      indefinite detention, no denial of counsel.       ``The tragedy of September 11th shook our sense of security      and made us realize that we, too, are vulnerable to acts of      terrorism.       ``Unfortunately, some believe that this threat renders our      Constitution obsolete. This is a Constitution for which men      and women have died and continue to die and which has made us      a model among nations. If that view is allowed to prevail,      the terrorists will have won.       ``It is my sworn duty, and as long as there is breath in my      body I'll perform it, to support and defend the Constitution      of the United States. We will be in recess.''  