Senator Landrieu of Louisiana was on the floor last night. As I left, I said that she has shown such a passion and commitment to the poor people of her State of Louisiana who have been through this hurricane. I know she has tried to work within the system, she has tried to work within the Senate, and she has tried to move things along in a peaceful, bipartisan way. I sensed in her appearance last night and her appearance on the floor now that she is reaching a level of frustration and concern that this Senate is going to go home tonight or tomorrow and be gone for 10 days having done nothing to address the important issues she is raising.  What the Senator has brought to our attention is the fact that we have a bipartisan proposal. Senator Grassley, a Republican of Iowa, and Senator Baucus, a Democrat of Montana, on the Finance Committee, have come up with a proposal to provide basic health care for the evacuees and survivors of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, basic health care. The Senator has come to the Chamber repeatedly--I have seen it--trying to at least bring this to a vote. That is all she is asking for, bring it to a vote.  It is my understanding that at this moment in time, she has no commitment from the Republican leadership in the Senate to even bring this matter for a vote before we go home for 10 days on a break. I ask the Senator from Louisiana if she could in the most general terms tell us what kind of health care she is trying to provide to these people. Some have characterized it as luxurious, over-the-top health care for people who do not really need it. In fact, I heard on the floor last night one of the Senators say: Well, they do not really need this.  Could the Senator from Louisiana spell out for us what she is looking to achieve, what this bipartisan proposal would mean to the poor people who have lost their homes, lost their worldly possessions, seen their families torn apart, and are living in shelters somewhere around that part of our country?  