President, these groups and their members know what happened with these companies.  I am troubled by the fact that the Senate has spent this entire week talking about bankruptcy abuse and making it tough for families trying to pay medical bills, making this process more difficult for the guardsmen and reservists who were activated to go overseas to serve our country only to lose their business at home and face bankruptcy when they return.  There is nothing in this bill to help them. There is nothing in this bill to help them with medical bills.  Senator Kennedy was here on the floor yesterday. He had an extreme suggestion, a radical idea. Senator Kennedy said, if you lose everything because of medical bills, we are going to protect your little home--$150,000 worth of your home--so that when it is all said and done, as sick as you may be, you will at least have a home. But that proposal was rejected. I am not sure of the vote on that amendment, 58-39, somewhere in that range but a partisan vote. Everyone on this side--virtually everyone--voted against it.  According to that vote, we can't help those people. They have to face the reality. They have to face up to the fact they won't have a home to go to when it is all over.  But what about the mansions these CEOs go to, the millions of dollars they have drained out of these corporations for their own personal benefit to buy mansions, to buy golf courses, to create a lifestyle with $30,000 shower curtains? Are we going to hold them accountable for raiding these corporations and driving them into bankruptcy? The answer is no. Not a word in this bill holds them accountable.  I urge my colleagues. If you can work up a rage over the possibility that someone with medical bills that are overwhelming goes to bankruptcy court seeking relief from their debts, can you work up a little bit of discomfort over these CEOs and bandits of the major corporations? Can you bring yourselves to say maybe we will hold them accountable, too, for their misconduct?  It would be a new day in this Senate, a grand departure from the debate as it has gone down at this point. We have never come close to this yet. I haven't heard a word yet from the other side--not a word on this floor by the supporters of this bankruptcy bill about these corporate bankruptcies and what they have done to hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of unsuspecting investors, workers, and retirees.  The Durbin amendment will give my colleagues a chance to do something about it.  I urge my colleagues to support it.  I yield the floor.  