President, I thank my colleague from Alabama.  Let me make a couple comments.  First, his amendment, which I will oppose and urge all of my colleagues to oppose, puts servicemen and servicewomen in the category in this bill where they are presumed to be abusers in bankruptcy. That is right. The presumption in his amendment is that if you served in the military and file for bankruptcy, that you are abusing the bankruptcy process. He adds language which says that, and, therefore, we want the judge to take a look at these presumed abusers of the bankruptcy process and consider the fact that they happen to be in the military.  The Senator's amendment is entirely opposite of what we are trying achieve with the Durbin amendment. We are trying to presume the obvious. The men and women serving our country overseas who have been activated in the Guard and Reserve, taken away from their families and their businesses, should be presumed not to be abusive of the process but be presumed to be some of our most important citizens. Why do we want to throw them into the presumption of abusing the bankruptcy process? What I want to do is exactly the opposite. If you are serving our country and you face bankruptcy, we want you to walk into that courtroom and, frankly, get a better shake under the law than you currently get.  First, we don't want you to have to go through the hoops that have been created by the credit card industry and big banks for people who supposedly abuse bankruptcy. No. You put your life on the line for America. You were activated to serve in Iraq, and you risk your life every day for us. You lost your business at home, your family went bankrupt, and yet we are giving you a break in the bankruptcy court, unlike the Sessions amendment, which presumes you are an abuser of the process if a serviceman walks into the bankruptcy court.  The second thing we say is military servicemen don't get to pick the States they live in; they are transferred by the military to different places. But while these transfers of their families are going on, they could go bankrupt. If they go bankrupt, why do you have to make this some sort of roulette game as to what laws apply?  You are in the military and you file for bankruptcy. Then you ought to be able to count on several things:  First, the Federal exemptions on personal property. You know you can always turn to that. That means the things that you can keep in your family, in your household, even if you go through bankruptcy.  Second, the homestead exemption. If you happen to be in a State that is tough and doesn't allow you to protect any part of your equity in your home and you have been transferred there in the military, why use that against men and women who are serving this country? Why wouldn't you say, as our bill does, that we will protect up to $75,000 of your homestead?  Some will say: They may live in a State where it has zero homestead exception. That is true. I plead guilty to the charge that I am favoring the men and women in uniform who file for bankruptcy. I am. Unlike Senator Sessions' amendment, which presumes them to be abusive of bankruptcy, I presume the opposite, that men and women in the military don't go into bankruptcy just because it is an interesting thing to do. I think they have proven that they are responsible people when they raise their hand and swear an oath to the United States and are willing to risk their lives for our country. That is the presumption of responsibility that should be given to the men and women in uniform--exactly the opposite of the presumption of Senator Sessions. His presumption is that they are abusing the process and we will take a second look at it and we will let them come up with more documentation to prove they are not abusing the process.  The last thing my amendment does is to go after the most abusive creditors of the military men and women in America today. I showed the illustrations earlier. Can you imagine that a loan company would actually say to a sailor, airman, a marine, or soldier, we will loan you the money, but we want you to pledge as collateral for the loan your military retirement pay or your disability pay for your injury overseas serving America? They do it. Maybe they are not supposed to. They do it. And they charge these men and women in uniform the most outrageous interest rates in America. It ought to make the credit card companies blush. These pay day lenders charge 100 percent, 200 percent, 400 percent for these soldiers who are trying to keep their families together while they are serving America. My bill, quite honestly, says we are not going to give those creditors a day in court. Those creditors who charge over 36 percent a year in terms of loans to the military cannot collect them in bankruptcy.  I think that, frankly, is fair to these families because once you get into this ``juice loan'' racket that these payday loan companies come up with, there is no end in sight. You are sunk. Mr. President, $3,000 in debt turns into $20,000 before you can blink an eye.  Let me tell you a difference between what has been offered by Senator Sessions and what I am offering on this floor. The fact is, these groups support my amendment: the Military Officers Association of America, the Air Force Sergeants Association, the National Consumer Law Center, the National Association for the Uniformed Services, the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States, and many other individual leaders in the Guard and Reserve across our country.  They are not supporting the Sessions amendment. I can understand why. They do not think our service men and women should be presumed abusive of the process. Let me tell you why we need this amendment.  In 1999, 16,000 members of the military in America filed for bankruptcy. Since then, there has been a massive activation of troops, Guard and Reserve, across America. Now we have men and women serving for long periods of time they did not anticipate, with dramatic losses in pay. This cutback in income for these individuals is creating a great hardship.  Thirty percent of all military families report a loss of family income when the spouse is deployed. But listen to the numbers for the National Guard and Reserve. Mr. President, 41 percent of Guard and Reserve families lost income when a spouse was deployed. How do they keep it together? Some of themrely on relatives. Mom and dad step in. They are proud of their son or daughter serving in the military, they say: We will try to keep the wife, for example, who stayed home, and the children, together, while you are overseas. Do not worry about us. Just come home safely.  They make great sacrifices. Some of them walk away from a business. Those are the ones who get hit especially hard, such as reservists who own their own business and who are activated.  Fifty-five percent of self-employed reservists lost money when they were activated. And the average loss was $6,500. For some people, $6,500 may not mean much. But for these families, it may tip them over the edge. You find them making sacrifices for America, and all I am asking is, if the worst outcome occurs, if service to our country leads to an economic catastrophe for a family, and they have nowhere to turn but to bankruptcy court, for goodness' sake, should not this Senate say to these men and women in bankruptcy, We are going to give you a helping hand; you reached out your hand to help America; we are going to help you in the bankruptcy court?  But, no, not with the Sessions amendment. The Sessions amendment does not give them the helping hand. The Sessions amendment presumes that they abuse bankruptcy and says to the judge: Take that into consideration if you want to let them off the hook and want to let them try again to file for bankruptcy. That is cold comfort, cold comfort to the men and women in uniform, risking their lives for America, who know, back home, the terrible economic circumstances their families are facing.  Some people think I am making this up, but I am not. The anecdotal evidence that we received from all over the United States, as well as the reports that we have had from the military groups that are supporting my amendment, tell me a lot of families are right on the edge. They may not be able to survive this situation. I talked about this gentleman, Mr. Korizon, from Schaumberg, IL, activated for the Persian Gulf war, who left behind a construction company with 26 people. After he had been activated for 6 months, he had to file bankruptcy. He served his country. He kept his word. He kept his promise. He risked his life for America. He lost his business. He filed for bankruptcy. Does he deserve any special consideration in court? The other side of the aisle says no. Get in line. Just another one of those bankruptcies. I think he does.  You take a look at SGT Patrick Kuberry, who owned a restaurant in Denver. His partner in the restaurant was also in the military. They were both activated. Before it was over--both of them activated--they lost their restaurant and filed for bankruptcy. They served our country after 9/11. They protected us, the Members of the Senate, and our families. And they paid a heavy price. They lost the only business they had. Should they get a break in bankruptcy court? Of course they should. I think most Americans would agree they should.  The list goes on and on. I think the list tells the story. We have to be sensitive to the fact that this amendment, which I have proposed, is an amendment which addresses the most basic and fundamental need here.  Let me tell you something else. Senator Hatch of Utah came to the floor earlier. Do you know what he said? He said: I can't understand why so many more people are filing bankruptcy today. Well, he is unlikely to read this book, but I wish he would. It is called ``The Two-Income Trap,'' by Elizabeth Warren and her daughter Amelia Warren Tyagi. She analyzes why people are filing bankruptcy. And it is not because they are immoral. People are filing bankruptcy because: Since the 1970s, the number of involuntary job losses is up 150 percent. Since the 1970s, wage earners missing work due to illness or disability are up 100 percent, divorce is up 40 percent, people losing health insurance is up 49 percent, wage earners missing work to care for a sick child or elderly family member is up 1,000 percent-plus.  Now, add to these circumstances the possibility that you just received notice that your Guard unit has been activated, and you have a sick parent at home and you wonder: How in the heck am I going to keep this together? I was here working my job, trying to be a good son, a good daughter, trying to take care of my parent. What is going to happen? How am I going to meet this need?  These are real family circumstances of people who serve in the military. All I am asking is to make sure that if the worst thing happens, if they have to go to bankruptcy court, not that they get off the hook--they are not asking for that--but only that they get fair treatment. I knew the credit industry would oppose this amendment. I knew they would oppose it because I went after the payday loans and these ``juice loan'' rackets that are taking advantage of the military. They all gather together when you go after one of their own. The predators are treated just like those who are supposed to be respectable. And that is a shame.  I think the credit industry should sit down and have a balanced bill. And I think they ought to sit down at night and thank their lucky stars that men and women in this country step forward every single day and volunteer to keep us safe, to protect our homes and protect our Nation. Is it too much to ask the credit card industry and this big bank lobby that is behind this bill to give them a break in bankruptcy court if the bottom falls out while they are serving America? I cannot imagine it is.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  