President, I rise in support of the Cantwell amendment and in opposition to drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. In 1960, under the leadership of President Eisenhower, we created this nearly 20-million-acre Refuge. President Eisenhower and Congress said to the American people: We are going to hold this piece of America in trust. It will be held for future generations because it is a special place. It is one of the few places in America where we are going to restrict development. We are going to protect it because we want generations to come to know that the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is a special place, a place deserving of our honor, our respect, and our protection.  With the provision in this bill before us today, we will turn our back on that promise made by President Eisenhower and by our Nation 45 years ago. We will authorize, in this reconciliation bill, drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It is a sad day. It troubles me that some have come to the Chamber and argued that this really is not that big a deal. They are going to gingerly step into this Refuge, drill, and gingerly step out, and you will never know they were there. You might buy that argument if you hadn't been there.  Several years ago, during the course of debating the same issue, which has been debated here a long time, one of the Senators from Alaska said to me: What do you know about it? You have never been there. You have never seen it. How would you know what the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge looks like?  It was a worthy challenge. I accepted it. I took off and spent 2\1/2\ days camping out in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge so I could see it. We left Arctic Village, a remote village in Alaska, flew in a Canadian Beaver aircraft that was almost 50 years old over the Brooks Range, down the North Slope, along the Canning River.  As we looked to the west, we could see the State lands that had been drilled for oil and gas, and then, to the east, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge that had not been drilled. It was easy to tell the two apart because the scars that were left on that State land that had been drilled were still there years and years later. They didn't gingerly step in and drill and leave; they cut scars across that land that will be there forever. On the east side of the river, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge was pristine. One might see the tracks of a little wildlife, and that was it. So to say that these oil and gas companies are going to go in there and discretely and innocently take out the oil and gas defies human experience.  How much is this worth to us? Why is it that we would turn our back on a 45-year-old promise by America to future generations? Why would we say now, for the first time, we are going to drill for oil and gas in this wildlife refuge that we promised would never be explored in this way?  Some argue we just need the gas. Come on, don't you know what is going on at gasoline stations in Illinois and across the country? Gasoline prices are going through the roof. We need more oil. If we don't have more oil, it is going to mean calling for greater sacrifice. Families and businesses will continue to be dependent on foreign oil.  There are two things to consider. The Arctic Coastal Plain will yield less than 1 year's worth of oil for America, and it won't be available for 10 years. This debate is about 1 year's worth of oil, not available for 10 years, and it may take 20 years to extract it. So what impact will that have, Mr. And Mrs. American Consumer? About 1 penny a gallon. That is why we are going into ANWR.  There is a bigger issue. We have heard it said over and over on the other side. This is about America's energy security. You can argue it is a small amount of oil, but even accepting the fact that even a small amount of oil will lessen our dependence on foreign oil somewhat, there is another interesting issue. Do you know there was an amendment before the committee when the ANWR issue came up, and that amendment said: Whatever oil we take out of ANWR, we are going to use in America? That oil will come down to be used in America, so it will benefit American consumers and motorists. But that amendment by Senator Wyden from Oregon was defeated. In fact, the Senator from Alaska voted against the amendment which said the ANWR oil has to be used in America.  What are we really debating here? We are debating drilling in ANWR so that oil can be exported from a wildlife refuge to China and Japan and other parts of the world. This isn't about the energy security of America; it is about the energy security of China and Japan. We are going to defile this wildlife refuge to drill for oil that can be exported, that won't even benefit the United States. Why would we do that? There is only one reason--because the oil companies will make a huge profit off of it. Those struggling oil companies need our help today with thisamendment. They have had a tough 6 months.  