President, I thank the Senator from Vermont for yieldingthe time and for his leadership on this issue. I voted for the PATRIOT Act. It was a bit of a leap of faith because I was not sure. I did not know if we were giving the Government more authority and more power than it needed to keep America safe, but I felt, as most Americans did, that in light of September 11, we had to do more to make America safer.  The Senator from Vermont, along with the Senator from Utah, came together on a bipartisan basis and produced a PATRIOT Act to give the Government more tools to fight terrorism. In their wisdom, they understood that perhaps we had moved too far and too fast, and they said at the end of 4 years we would revisit this law and make sure that we had not given up more personal freedom in America than we had to be safe, and that is why we are here today.  In the meantime, I joined with a bipartisan coalition, an interesting coalition when one looks at our political spectrum in the Senate. I joined with my friend, Larry Craig of Idaho, Senator John Sununu, Senator Lisa Murkowski, Senator Russ Feingold, and Senator Ken Salazar in a bipartisan coalition that has been working to reform the PATRIOT Act for over two years. We studied the PATRIOT Act very carefully and came to the conclusion that certain provisions did not contain adequate safeguards to protect the rights and liberties of Americans. That is why we introduced the SAFE Act.  It was our efforts together in the Senate Judiciary Committee and the good leadership of the Senator from Pennsylvania as its chairman that resulted in a bill that came out of that committee unanimously. It was a bipartisan bill that came to the floor to reauthorize the PATRIOT Act and passed on the floor by a voice vote. It was not perfect, but it was a consensus, bipartisan, compromise bill. Then, sadly, it went into a conference committee where the most important safeguards were removed, which brings us to this moment in time.  Let me salute the Senator from Pennsylvania. He has argued this issue on its substance. He has not argued it politically. But he has said during the course of this debate that there have been no verified abuses of the PATRIOT Act. I would say to my friend from Pennsylvania, it is not the burden of the American people to prove that their rights have been violated. That's not how the American legal system works. We should build in checks and balances to ensure that abuses do not take place in the first instance.  Moreover, it is difficult to find verified abuses of the PATRIOT Act when so many provisions are cloaked in secrecy. In most cases, people will never learn that their medical, tax, or gun records have been seized. An individual who receives a Section 215 order or a National Security Letter is bound by a gag order so he cannot speak out, even if he believes his rights have been violated.  Now today's headlines suggest this administration went beyond the pale in authorizing hundreds and perhaps thousands of warrantless wiretaps on Americans in the United States. This violates the long-standing legal requirement that the government must obtain a warrant from a court in order to eavesdrop on Americans in the United States.  If these stories are true, it makes the PATRIOT Act reforms we have suggested even more urgent, and additional reforms may be necessary. But it is certainly premature to approve this flawed conference report before we learn more about these allegations.  The obvious question is this: Whether or not we pass the PATRIOT Act, will the administration argue they have the authority to go forward, anyway?  What we need to do is to defeat cloture, pass a 3-month extension of this PATRIOT Act, and move on to make changes to the law that are needed to protect our freedom while giving law enforcement the authority they need to fight terrorism. We can be both safe and free in America.  