President, let me first commend my colleague from Missouri.  For those who are witnessing this, it is becoming dangerously close to real debate on the floor of the Senate. This is history in the making. It almost never happens that two Senators who disagree on an issue will stand and argue their point of view back and forth. One of the reasons I wanted to run for this body was because I could come over here and engage in debate. I certainly respect the Senator from Missouri. We have much different views on energy, and I think he has articulated his point of view as clearly as one could hope for with a moment's notice. He didn't know I was coming to the floor to talk about energy. He did an excellent job.  I would like to clarify a few things. The first point is this: It was the wisdom of our Founding Fathers which said that every State in the Union would have two Senators, which means the State of Missouri has two Senators and the State of Illinois has two Senators. I wish the very best for the St. Louis Cardinals, and I am certain that the two Missouri Senators are rooting every moment of every day for their victory. But this Senator from Illinois is backing an Illinois baseball team known as the Chicago White Sox. They were successful in winning the American League pennant. I hope they go all the way in the World Series. Despite my boyhood roots, I am rooting for the Illinois baseball team. I had better say that clearly on the record or I can't go home.  The second thing I say is when it comes to energy, I listened carefully to what the Senator from Missouri had to say. In virtually every instance, he suggested there were ways to find new and better and larger sources of energy to take care of our problem. I listened closely for any suggestion from him that we should have conservation and efficiency as part of a national energy policy. If he said it, I missed it.  I think it is a critical part, because we have to understand that the conservation of energy means not only that we reduce the costs for families and businesses to provide the same level of goods and services, we also reduce the pollution that is a product of burning energy across America. It is a ``two-fer.'' If you believe we can keep finding new energy sources, whether it is oil in a national wildlife refuge up in Alaska or drilling off some of the coasts where Governors--both Democrats and Republicans--have said we do not accept that as something we want as part of our State's economy, if you keep looking for these new energy sources, you are ignoring the obvious. And the obvious is that fuel efficiency and fuel conservation should be part of what we do in America. We have learned that over the years. We haven't compromised our lifestyle while we found more fuel efficiency in so many different areas of our life every part of every day.  I will concede that the Senator from Missouri did join the Senator from Michigan in putting together an amendment that at least mentioned the words ``fuel efficiency'' and ``conservation'' in the last Energy bill. But I have to say in all fairness that is all it did. It didn't put any requirement on the automobile manufacturers to make more efficient cars and trucks across America.  Every time you talk about CAFE standards and fuel efficiency, we get a history lesson about what the Soviet Government was all about--top-down government, mandating these policies, forcing rugged individuals who would like to go their own way to march in close rank and march in line.  I have to say I view this a lot differently. Left to their own devices, the major automobile manufacturers in America made hundreds of thousands of cars and trucks which Americans don't want to buy. They are now crowding our lots with heavy trucks and SUVs, and Americans are walking right past them. Instead, we should have thought long ago about establishing standards that would give consumers a choice in America.  Why is America coming in second when it comes to automotive technology? When it came to hybrids, the Japanese automobile manufacturers, Honda and Toyota, got the jump on the United States. Are they smarter than we are? I don't think so. Many of their engineers and research scientists went to school in the United States and went back to their countries to build the cars and trucks Americans wanted to buy. For some reason, Detroit is always a little behind the curve, and inthis situation, it is dangerous because they are so far from profitability and they have such dramatic costs that they made a terrible calculation by sticking with these heavy vehicles as the price of fuel and energy went up across America. I don't think it is the heavy hand of Government. I think it is good public policy for us to move forward on a policy for CAFE standards that increases fuel efficiency. The argument that that means unsafe cars I don't accept. I happen to believe that in an era of new technologies for safety and otherwise, there are ways to improve the cars and trucks we drive in terms of safety without compromising fuel efficiency.  There are things we can do--creative approaches already recognized by the scientific agencies in Washington--that could be part of cars and trucks in the future. They are not, and they should be. For us to move forward on that as a national policy is to reduce our dependence on foreign oil. If you believe, as I do, that is a worthy national goal, then conservation and fuel efficiency have to be part of it.  The second issue which I raise, and which the Senator from Missouri mentioned, was a bill that could come before us soon, already having passed the House, that would suggest that in order to have the oil we need in America, in order to expand oil refinery capacity, we have to waive the pollution rules when it comes to air pollution and water pollution, and we have to waive the environmental standards refineries have been held to in America. The argument is, if you do not waive these environmental standards, we will not have enough gasoline, and you will have to pay more. It is a classic ``your money or your life'' argument, because these environmental and pollution standards are there for a purpose.  I invite my colleague from Missouri and all of my friends to visit any classroom of any school in America and ask the following question: How many students in this classroom know someone who has asthma? Watch the hands go up. Do you know why? Because across America these lung problems that air pollution has some relation to are becoming epidemic. Visit a major hospital in St. Louis or Chicago--a children's hospital in particular--and ask in the emergency room what the No. 1 diagnosis is of children brought into their emergency room. I can virtually guarantee it is going to be asthma. What are we going to do? We are being asked to waive the air pollution standards for certain industries and for refineries so we can get cheaper gasoline while we breathe dirtier air. What a terrific bargain for America. Is that as good as it gets with this administration? They cannot meet the energy needs of America without asking us to compromise our public health, to compromise the safety and quality of water that we drink, to compromise environmental standards that have been established for years.  This morning, a major company from Illinois--I spoke to one of their representatives--said several years ago under the Clinton administration they agreed to a reformulation of diesel fuel in America, a long-term project that would make diesel fuel cleaner in America. Do you know what diesel fuel looks like, or used to look like as it came with billowing smoke out of the tailpipes of cars and trucks? They want to move to the point where it is much cleaner. Years ago, we made a commitment as a nation to move to reformulating diesel so it is cleaner for America.  One of the bills before the Congress today waives that reformulation requirement after 6 years of investment in cleaner diesel fuel and cleaner diesel engines. This administration says we have to abandon that, go back to more air pollution from diesel use in order to have cheaper gasoline we can buy across America. What a tradeoff, what an abdication of leadership. America can certainly do better than that.  To have this administration tell us that the only answer to affordable energy is to compromise the public health and to put up with more air and water pollution is a completely unacceptable alternative. I wouldn't want to go to the Senator from the State of Florida, who is in the chair, and tell him that the Federal Government is going to mandate drilling off the coast of Florida. I can tell you that the Governor of Florida, who happens to share the same last name as the President, doesn't think that is a very good idea.  For the suggestion that may have been made here that we need to start moving and burning and drilling off the States that don't want oil drilling and gas drilling off their coasts is a major move by this administration.  Again, you have to ask the basic question: Why would we do anything that radical from Washington to deal with energy before we even discuss the possibility of conservation and fuel efficiency of the cars and trucks we drive? I think we have to accept responsibility. It isn't just a question of answering every challenge in America by saying, party on, you know we are going to find some more energy for you, just keep using it up, don't pay any attention until tomorrow. I think America understands, and our younger people understand better, that we need a serious energy policy that challenges every single one of us as consumers not only to turn down the thermostat, but be smarter in the cars and trucks we buy, challenge the manufacturers in Detroit to produce cars and trucks that are mindful of energy needs across America and the increasing costs of that energy to families and our economy. We need a government with the leadership that is responsive to this national challenge.  The last Energy bill didn't do it. The ink was hardly dry in August until the Members of the Senate said we had better get back and write a new energy bill.  For goodness sakes, that is the greatest single condemnation of the substance of that bill I can think of. We all know it is true. That last energy bill didn't do it. In a few isolated areas, as I mentioned earlier, it is a good bill. But, by and large, it didn't address the fundamental problem facing us today and for years to come.  The last point I will make is this: America's most serious competition in the world today comes from one country, China. China right now is mushrooming in growth. They are building new industries right and left. If you walk into a Wal-Mart to buy a product, you are walking into the largest importer of Chinese goods in America, Wal-Mart selling all across the United States. The obvious question is this: What is China doing about its energy needs? First, it is doing something we are not doing. It is imposing higher fuel efficiency standards on its cars and trucks than we do in America. The Chinese are thinking ahead. They understand that inefficient cars and trucks are not part of a bright energy future.  The second thing they are doing is fighting us tooth and nail in every site around the world where energy can be purchased. They are now our competition for the purchase of energy. Twenty years ago, we didn't even think about it. They did not have an economy that used that much energy. They weren't producing goods and services. That world has changed.  Now, as we continue to be dependent on foreign oil, we are going to have to continue to fight the Chinese and others for affordable fuel. That is the reality of global competition.  Does it make sense for us now to take a step back and say as a national energy policy we ought to figure out ways to keep the American economy moving, businesses thriving, and jobs being created, but also build into that energy conservation and efficiency?  That to me is so obvious. Every time I bring it up in a town meeting in Illinois, people shake their heads and say, You are honestly debating that in Washington; it seems so obvious. We are debating it. So far I have lost that debate. But as energy prices go up and people realize that the energy policy of this administration has failed, I hope we revisit this important issue.  I yield the floor.  