President, I thank Senator Cantwell for her leadership on this amendment. It is going to precipitate a debate which shows the difference in outlook between the two political parties. The goal that Senator Cantwell has spelled out is to reduce America's dependence on foreign oil. She believes that we are capable as a nation, through our innovation, through hard work and bipartisanship, to come up with ways to conserve energy, to find alternative fuels, to find environmentally responsible places to seek new oil sources in the United States; that it is possible for us to lessen dramatically our dependence on foreign oil, 40 percent in the next 20 years. That is her vision.  Does it mean changing the way we live? Slightly. Of course, it does. But it is not too great a sacrifice. Senator Cantwell's vision looks to an America that is no longer going hat-in-hand to OPEC saying: Please give us your oil. We cannot survive without it. Understanding that at any given moment they can cut off oil supplies and we could watch prices skyrocket as they recently have. That is her vision. It is one I share. It is a vision that challenges America to look forward in a positive way, look forward to change which lessens our dependence on oil-producing countries around the world.  In 1973, we imported 28 percent of the oil we used. Today, we are up to 58 percent. If we don't change our ways in the next 20 years, we will be up to 68 percent. When we are so dependent on foreign oil, we give up our freedom. We allow other governments that provide the oil to tax our economy, tax our businesses, tax our lives. We give up our freedom to those who turn on and off this energy spigot and make a difference.  When I was a little boy, years and years ago, growing up in East St. Louis, IL, I had a great aunt. She was a wonderful lady who, when I knew her, was very old. She used to tell us stories about growing up in her lifetime. It was Aunt Mame. I always thought it was curious, as a little boy, that she never referred to the vehicles in the driveway as cars or automobiles. She always called them machines. I thought, who in the world would call that a machine? She explained to me that in her lifetime, these machines had appeared out of nowhere, taking the place of horses and buggies. Getting into a car, which she called a machine, was a big deal for Aunt Mame. I used to laugh, after I left her, with my cousins and say: Can you believe she calls those machines? It reflected her mindset. To her, the concept of a car would always be something new and foreign.  I listened today while Republican Senators, such as the Senator from Missouri, came to the floor and said they cannot visualize or imagine a different kind of car in the future that would be more fuel efficient. They just can't see it. In fact, the Senator from Missouri, when asked what that car would look like, said it would look like a golf cart. That doesn't demonstrate the same kind of vision of our future.  We hear from the other side that the idea of reducing our dependence on foreign oil is a bad idea. They are wedded to the concept that we will continue to be dependent on foreign oil. The idea of challenging America to come up with more fuel-efficient cars and with other ways to save oil is something they don't believe in. They just don't have confidence that American creativity and ingenuity can rise to that challenge. It is a negative and dismal outlook, and they also believe that American drivers and consumers are so selfish they would never consider giving up their Hummers, or their huge cars, if it meant less dependence on foreign oil.  I see the world a lot differently. This Nation comes together time and again, sending our best and brightest and bravest over to fight in wars, rallying around the war on terrorism after 9/11. We do rise to the challenge. That is what we are all about. The Cantwell amendment lays down that challenge.  In the underlying bill, almost 800 pages long, section 151 states:       The President shall develop and implement measures to      conserve petroleum and end uses throughout the economy of the      United States sufficient to reduce total demand for petroleum      in the United States by 1 million barrels per day in the      amount projected for calendar 2015.  This is not a new provision. It is a good one, but it is not a new one. It was offered by Senator Landrieu of Louisiana the last time we had an energy bill. It passed 99 to 1. Only one Senator thought this was a bad idea. Ninety-nine Senators believed reducing our dependence on foreign oil was a good idea. This amendment was an important first step.  But if the United States reached the savings included in this provision of the bill, we would still be importing 14.4 million barrels per day to sustain the economy. That is over 1 million barrels a day more than we import today, allowing America's foreign oil dependence to continue to grow. We can do better. We can slow our growth in demands on foreign oil. We can reduce America's use of foreign oil.  First, we have to agree on a national goal. That is what the Cantwell amendment is all about, a goal that recognizes our national security, our economic prosperity, our environmental integrity, and makes sure that Americans have good jobs. Those are our high priorities. We must agree that sending billions of dollars annually to foreign governments to feed our thirst for energy instead of reinvesting that money in the United States shortchanges our own economy and our future. We must agree that sending our daughters and sons, sisters and brothers, fathers, uncles, mothers, and aunts into regions of the world, whether to establish a national presence or to advance freedom or for the sake of securing our future energy supply can be shortsighted and wrong.  To be drawn into a war to protect a foreign source of oil is to say it is too much to ask someone to change the car they drive, but not too much to ask them to send their son into combat. I, frankly, think that is an easy choice. I believe it is wrong for us to see the world in those terms, that we accept this dependence on foreign oil. That is why I strongly support this amendment.  This amendment seeks to establish a goal to reduce our projected foreign imports by 40 percent over the next 20 years, and 7.6 million barrels a day would be saved. Do you know where that gets us? If we meet that goal in 2025 and reduce foreign imports, we will just begin to reduce our foreign imports overall. Today, the United States imports over 13 million barrels per day of foreign petroleum. That is the 4-month average for this year.  In 2025, after reaching this goal, we will import 11.8 million barrels per day, a decrease of only 1.5 million barrels per day of our current imports.  Energy independence is about reducing imports of foreign oil, not slowing the growth of our dependence or toeing the line. As long as oil remains the sole major fuel source for the American economy, dependence on foreign imports will remain a geologic and economic fact of life.  Last year, I participated in a discussion entitled ``New Energy for America, Jobs, Security and Prosperity for the 21st Century.'' The discussion focused on the need to move America in a direction toward more jobs, security, and prosperity. The speakers included labor leaders, business leaders, lawmakers--all with a different message, but basically saying the same thing: We need to move America in a new direction.  I have been encouraged by new coalitions, such as Set America Free, the Energy Futures Coalition, and the Apollo Alliance, which incorporate unique bedfellows into the same common goals. In a bipartisan nature, these groups have shared resources andideas because they share the same values: Put America first. Make America secure and less dependent upon foreign oil.  I appreciate the bipartisan fashion in which Senator Domenici and Senator Bingaman and the members of the committee crafted this bill, and I hope this amendment becomes a bipartisan amendment.  I want to note there are a couple provisions in the bill that take small steps in the right direction, such as the renewable fuels title and the provision to increase the efficiency of heavy-duty trucks by reducing the use of diesel power during idling. These are all good things. But we can do more.  I will offer an amendment on CAFE standards at a later point. That is not what the Cantwell amendment is about. I have heard the argument that the amendment is a backdoor way to increase CAFE, that that is where the Cantwell amendment is headed. But it is not. It is about setting a goal, without a prescribed recipe, understanding that we all may believe there are different means by which America can best meet this goal. We all understand it must be our goal.  How can we be stronger as a Nation while being dependent upon foreign oil? How can we talk about growing our economy if we have to beg the OPEC cartel for the oil we need? It is a fact of life. If you look at the oil resources that are available around the world, it is pretty obvious. Look at this chart. North America. When you look at 2002, we have about 4 percent of the global reserves when it comes to oil. By 2020, it is going to be 1 percent. The lion's share of the global resources is not in America, it is in the Middle East and North Africa. So even if we use all of the current available resources and can bring them forward in an environmentally sensible way, we could not get close to our energy demands. We are always going to be dependent on some other source from some other part of the world. That is why I think we have to move toward those developments in the use of energy which reduce our dependence.  Also, let me say this about China. You cannot talk about the world economy and ignore China. You don't see China on this list of producers. It happens to have a growing economy that also is dependent on foreign oil. But China gets it and the United States does not. Let's take one example. Fuel efficiency in cars. Today, China has higher fuel efficiency in cars and trucks than the United States. They get it. They understand it. If they are dependent on foreign oil, they are going to put vehicles on the road that are more fuel efficient. The United States does not. Why? It is worth a moment's discussion.  I listened to the Senator from Missouri speak earlier about the automobile industry opposing fuel efficiency, opposing this idea of lessening our dependence on foreign oil. There was a time in my lifetime when American automobile manufacturers led the world--not only in inventing the earliest vehicles, but in developing them, setting the standard for the world. Sadly, that is not the case today. Just a week or so ago, General Motors announced 25,000 employees were being laid off. Last quarter, General Motors lost a billion dollars. When you look at the legacy cost to General Motors, there is a serious concern about whether this former automobile giant can survive. When you also consider the fact that Toyota announced last week that it would raise the prices of cars in the United States so as to allow General Motors to raise its prices and stay in business--think of it, the Japanese automobile manufacturer is going to come to the rescue of General Motors for fear they would go out of business. You wonder why.  How can a country that is so good, with an industry that once led the world, be in such bad shape? I think the answer is fairly clear. Detroit and the automobile manufacturers of our country focus on making more cars this year of the same kind they made last year. They lack the vision to look to the future of what we could do, in terms of making a new generation of automobiles and trucks to serve America's economic and family needs, without sacrificing safety. They think it is an impossible dream. While they sit and puzzle over the future, lamenting the possibility of change, sadly, other automobile manufacturers are doing much more.  My wife and I decided to buy a new car a few months ago. I wanted to buy an American car. We decided we didn't need a big SUV. We joke in our house that if you want to drive a Hummer, you ought to join the Army. We decided to get a modest size car to fit our family needs. We wanted it to be fuel efficient. Do you know what? The choices are pretty limited. There are not many American-made cars that fit the standard. We heard about the Ford Escape hybrid and bought one. It is good, but it is not great. I am glad we are doing a little bit to try to reduce our dependence on gasoline in our family and on oil imports as a Nation. That hybrid was introduced in the market 2 years after the Japanese came out with their car.  At a time when there is overwhelming demand for Japanese hybrid automobiles, Detroit still doesn't get it. They are not building that same type of vehicle to compete. I don't understand it. They seem to always miss the new trend and try to convince us to stick with the old model cars that used to be sold.  One of the aspects about this whole debate is security. In a paper that former CIA Director James Woolsey gave to me at a press conference a day or two ago, he identified six technologies that, with vigorous Government support, could dramatically change the nature of our fuel use in America over the next 20 years. I will not go through the list, but they are things that are already available. So when some Senators come to the floor and say we cannot imagine how we lessen dependence on foreign oil without dramatically tripling the fuel efficiency of cars, they haven't taken the time to do the research. If they did, they would understand there are plenty of technologies available today to reach those goals. ``I am not sure every one of these is going to be implemented,'' Mr. Woolsey advised, but at least it gives a starting point to make the changes.  The right mix and standards and incentives are out there. I believe we can find the right set of financial incentives and standards that meet our goal. There are a lot of cynics. They probably had a lot around when Henry Ford said you don't need a horse to get around. But the fact is we know we can rise to this challenge as a nation.  I fully appreciate that in 10 years we may make technological advances we cannot fathom today. I didn't think I would be driving a hybrid vehicle a few years ago or carrying around 2,300 songs on an IPOD in my pocket. You cannot think small in America. You have to think big. Sadly, the naysayers and negative voices on the other side of the aisle cannot envision America growing with this technology and becoming more fuel efficient. I think there are creative and visionary people on both sides of the aisle. I hope they will support this amendment.  We can test the innovation of America, and I know we can rise to that challenge. We burn 10,000 gallons of oil per second today in the United States--10,000 gallons per second. We use four times more oil than any other Nation, even though we know that the United States contains just 3 percent of the world's proven oil reserves.  Two-thirds of the world reserves are located in the Persian Gulf region. In fact, the Saudi state-run oil company alone has 30 times the reserves of ExxonMobil, the largest American company. Today, nine out of ten reserve-richest companies in the world are owned by foreign governments.  Do you understand how that makes the United States subservient to these governments when it comes to our economic future? They own the oil we need to exist, and unless we start weaning ourselves from this dependence on foreign oil, it will just get worse.  A study published by the Rocky Mountain Institute found that in 2000, oil imports cost $109 billion and comprised 24 percent of that year's goods and services trade deficit. In 2003, that figure rose to $10 billion a month, $120 billion. What could we do with $10 billion fed into the U.S. economy instead of into these oil-rich nations around the world?  On the Web site for the Set America Free Coalition, there is a link called, ``The True Cost of Oil.'' This is often asensitive subject. Whenever externalities are calculated into the overall cost, there is often wiggle room for debate. However, on this Web site, Set America Free has a link to the National Defense Council Foundation's summary of the hidden cost of imported oil.  The report finds that the economic impact of U.S. dependence on imported oil includes almost $49 billion in annual defense outlays to maintain the capability to defend the flow of Persian Gulf oil, the equivalent of $1.17 to the price of every gallon of gasoline; the loss of 828,000 jobs in the U.S. economy because we are depending on foreign oil; and the loss of $159 billion in GNP, not to mention $13.4 billion in Federal and State revenues. Total economic penalties from our importation of oil, $297 billion to $304 billion every year. And the voices on the other side objecting to this Cantwell amendment are content to let those figures grow. I think that is just plain wrong.  One final striking figure is the cost of periodic oil shocks the U.S. economy has experienced over the last three decades. They estimate they have cost us $2.2 trillion to $2.5 trillion.  Today, vulnerabilities in oil infrastructure could easily send oil prices skyrocketing.  We all know about terrorism and terrorism in the Middle East. Unstable governments in Iraq and Saudi Arabia can certainly threaten the U.S. supply, not to mention Iran.  Finally, I would like to note that the money we spend annually in the Middle East to feed our oil thirst goes directly to the production of hate literature throughout the region. So today, while American men and women are fighting in Iraq, the U.S. consumers continue to send billions of dollars overseas funneled off to support operations that completely undermine our service men and women overseas.  Can we not see the connection here, that in this same Middle East, where we are sacrificing and have lost 1,700 American lives in combat, our enemies are being fed by our dependence on foreign oil?  We have seen the dramatic surge in Chinese economic growth at a rate of 7 percent a year. This week's U.S. News & World Report cover story is, ``The China Challenge: What the Awakening Giant will Mean for America.'' China is the world's most populated country, with 1.2 billion. In 2003, China overtook Japan as the second largest oil-consuming nation in the world, and projections are that the Chinese demand for oil will double by 2025.  Mr. President, I see that the majority leader is on the floor. He has asked to be recognized. I yield the floor to the majority leader for whatever purpose and then reclaim my time after he is finished.  