President, I am disappointed that the Senator from Alaska, who has served the Senate and his country so well, now opposes this amendment. When it was last offered on an emergency supplemental bill on October 17, 2003, he joined with 95 of our colleagues in voting for this amendment. I think the amendment still is a valid amendment.  Let me explain what the amendment does. Seventeen thousand Federal employees have been activated into Guard and Reserve units. They find that when they go into this activated status, they are receiving less in income than they were paid by the Federal Government. The bill says the Federal agencies they worked for will make up the difference so as they are serving our country and risking their lives overseas they will have this pay differential, so their families will be able to keep the mortgage paid, pay the utility bills, and keep the family together.  The Senator suggests this is going to create some sort of a disadvantage to those in active military, but I am sure he feels, as I do, that companies across America that stand behind their employees who are activated in the Guard and Reserve are doing the right and patriotic thing by making up the difference in pay between what one is paid when they are home and what one is paid when they are in uniform. They are saying to this soldier: We are with you; we are with your family; serve your country and come back to your job; we are proud of you.  There is one employer at the top in America that does not do it. It is the Federal Government. The arguments are made on the floor today that if we stand behind these soldiers who are Federal employees, somehow it is a poor reflection on the rest of the military. That is not true. We revere and honor those who serve our country, active military, activated Guard, activated Reserve. Fifty-one percent of the activated Guard and Reserve take a cut in pay to serve America. What I am saying is if one is a Federal employee, for goodness sakes, they ought to have their salary made whole. Why should they go overseas, worrying about whether they are going to get hit by a bullet, step on a landmine or hit by a rocket-propelled grenade, and whether their spouse can pay the bills at home for tuition for the kids? Why do we not stand behind these soldiers who are serving? We are out there on the Fourth of July waving our flags, but, for goodness sakes, we have a chance to stand behind them today on the Senate floor. It is absolutely shameful that the Federal Government will not provide the same kind of pay protection for our activated Guard and Reserve that over 900 private businesses, State and local governments, have provided across America. We honor them.  The Secretary of Defense has a Web site to honor the fact that they are standing behind the soldiers, but we do not do it. The Federal Government does not do it. This is our chance to make a difference.  Also, on the Kerry amendment, I disagree with the Senator from Alaska. To think that if someone is on a troop plane headed over to Kuwait and, God forbid, it crashes, they are entitled to $12,000; however, if they get off the plane and are killed in combat they should be entitled to $100,000--I think they are heroes in both instances. Senator Kerry is suggesting we should regard them as such. I think his amendment is a valid amendment and, yes, it does cost money. It costs money to stand behind our veterans, our soldiers, and their families. That is part of the real cost of war. That is why I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. The amendment I am offering today passed 96 to 3 when last called. It passed by a voice vote after that. It has the support of the Reserve Officers Association, the National Guard Association of the United States, and the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States. These organizations represent the men and women who are risking their lives in Iraq and Afghanistan, and are asking for basic fairness from the Federal Government. I think this amendment is long overdue.  For 3 years now, this amendment has been lost in conference. It passes on the Senate floor and disappears, and Federal employees activated to serve our country wonder what happened. Well, today we will have a chance with this rollcall vote to see if we want to stand behind these men and women in uniform. This is an amendment that is long overdue.  I ask unanimous consent that Senator Salazar of Colorado be added as a cosponsor.  