President, I close by saying we also have coming to Capitol Hill today a group of oil company executives. They couldn't have come at a better time.  Someone said this is simply theater. I hope it isn't. It is time to ask hard questions of these oil companies which have over the past 6 months dramatically increased the price of energy for people across America. People living in Illinois and across our Nation--families, small businesses, farmers--have been dealing with this oppressive increase in prices.  A lot of blame was pointed, when it came to OPEC, that it is the Saudis; they are running up the price of oil. Well, they did, but that was not the reason the price at the gasoline pump went to $3. It went to $3 because of this: Oil companies are making record profits, record profits over the increased prices they are charging to consumers across America. This chart is an indication of the billions of dollars they are making.  ExxonMobil reported record quarterly profits of $9.9 billion, up 75 percent from last year. Put the nozzle in the tank and watch the numbers spin on the gas pump; the money from your credit card is going directly to the boardrooms of these oil company executives.  Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington has the right idea: We need to put the oil company executives under oath today, ask them the hard questions as to whether they have been profiteering at the expense of the most vulnerable people in America, people who get up and go to work every day and cannot afford to fill their gas tanks; businesses that are languishing, that cannot hire the people they need, cannot reach profitability, because of the profiteering of oil companies. And farmers, already hard pressed in many parts of our country by bad weather and bad prices, find their input costs going through the roof because of the high cost of energy.  The oil company and lobbyists are all over Capitol Hill. They are swarming because several Senators, including some Republicans, have called for a windfall profits tax. I support that. Take the money back from these oil companies, give it to consumers across America, fully fund LIHEAP, our program to provide heating sources for the poor in America. Make certain we tell these oil companies no, and stand up for the consumers who paid these outrageous prices.  I yield the floor.  