President, I rise to enter into a brief colloquy with Senator Cochran, who is the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, to discuss agriculture disaster assistance. The purpose of this colloquy is to set the stage for withdrawing a pending amendment which I am sure the chairman of the subcommittee, the Senator from Utah, will be happy to hear.  This has been a tough year for agricultural producers from coast to coast. Hurricane Katrina has decimated production throughout the gulf coast. The most recent USDA estimates released yesterday put hurricane-related losses in that region at nearly $900 million as a result of Hurricane Katrina. Having just visited this region with Senator Cochran a few days ago, I am not surprised. The devastation there is unimaginable, until one is on the scene.  In addition, we have had a terrible drought in the Midwest--in my home State of Illinois, Missouri, parts of Iowa, and Minnesota. We have had the worst drought in over 100 years in some parts of my State. Every county but one in Illinois has been designated a disaster area by the Secretary of Agriculture. Corn that should be standing 10 feet tall in some of the most fertile ground in America barely measures 6 feet and, sadly, is not going to produce much. The same is true for many of my counties when it comes to soybean production.  These drought conditions have reduced crop yields. Based on September USDA estimates of 2005 crop production and prices, the value of corn and soybean production in Illinois has been reduced by over $792 million, relative to what might have been expected under average growing conditions. In addition to these losses, there may be impacts on other crops and pastures as well.  We also face flooding in parts of North Dakota, red tide problems in New England that are shutting down shellfish producers who depend on the sea for their livelihoods, and an extended drought in the West and parts of the South, including Arkansas.  During this uncertain time, it is important to ensure that our agricultural producers stay in business. Most producers depend on farming for their livelihoods. In addition, there is an intrinsic good in knowing our food has been grown locally, is regulated by the Federal and State Governments, and is the safest in the world. We all benefit when American farmers are prosperous. For all of these reasons, I hope to ensure that our farmers, ranchers, and others who face disaster losses have their day in court when it comes to our Federal Government.  We have done this in the past. Last year, following a series of hurricanes, we enacted legislation to provide assistance to farmers who experienced crop loss.  I wish to ask the Senator from Mississippi to include agriculture losses incurred due to Hurricane Katrina and other national disasters, including the drought in the Midwest, in the next Katrina supplemental package.  I yield the floor to the Senator from Mississippi for a response.  