President, to give credit to the authorship, my colleague, Senator Boxer of California, put her staff to work. She asked them to research how many times, in the history of the Senate, a filibuster had been used to slow down or deny a Federal judgeship. You see Senator Frist and others have stood before the press and said it has never been done. These Democrats have dreamed up something that has never been done. Using a filibuster to stop the judicial nominee has never occurred. I have seen those quotes. Unfortunately, they are wrong.  Prior to the start of President Bush's administration in 2001, at least 12 judicial nominations needed 60 votes for cloture to end a filibuster: the first, 1881, Stanley Matthews to be a Supreme Court Justice; 1968, Abe Fortas to be the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; and the list goes on. Twelve different judicial nominees that have been subject to filibuster, and they are not all in the distant past.  The most recent occurred during the Clinton administration. Two nominees that he sent, Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, were filibustered by the same Republican Senate side that now argues this has never happened.  We have seen this happen because of the filibuster--cloture--which is the way to close down the debate, close down the filibuster. Cloture motions were filed on two judicial nominations. It was done in 1986, Daniel Manion; in 1994, Rosemary Barkett.  Some of the comments made by Republican Senators in the last few years about the filibusters on Clinton judicial nominees tell the story.  Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire, in March of 2000, said, as follows, on the floor of the Senate in the official Record, the Congressional Record of the Senate. Here is what he said:     . . . it is no secret that I have been the person who has      filibustered these two nominations, Judge Berzon and Judge      Paez.  He also said:       So don't tell me we haven't filibustered judges and that we      don't have the right to filibuster judges on the floor of the      Senate. Of course we do. That is our constitutional role.  I hear Senators now saying, on the Republican side, it has never been done, no one has ever considered it. In fact, it has happened--and repeatedly--in our history.  In fact, in the year 2000, during consideration of the Paez nomination, there was one Senator who voted to continue the filibuster against Judge Paez. Who was that Senator? Senator Bill Frist, the majority leader of U.S. Senate. His own action speaks volumes. He understood then there was a filibuster on a Democratic nominee, and he joined them in filibustering it. It is a matter of record, vote number 37, 106th Congress, second session, March 8, the year 2000. This is all in the Congressional Record.  So there is no question we have used the filibuster on judicial nominees. It is not an extraordinary thing in terms of our rules. It is extraordinary in terms of the number of occurrences. But I think it tells us, if you look at the history and precedent of the Senate and the use of this Constitution, that the right of the filibuster on a judicial nominee is protected by this Constitution.  So now comes the Republican majority. They say they are going to break the rules of the Senate to eliminate this filibuster of judicial nominees; to change the rules in the middle of the game; to stop the checks and balances which are an integral part of our legacy in this democratic form of government.  It is bad enough that this constitutional assault is being planned and discussed. But this morning a new element was introduced into it which is very troubling.  On the front page of the New York Times this morning is an article by David Kirkpatrick entitled, ``Frist Set to Use Religious Stage on Judicial Issue.''  This article, which I will read from, says as follows:       As the Senate heads toward a showdown over the rules      governing judicial confirmations, Senator Bill Frist, the      majority leader, has agreed to join a handful of prominent      Christian conservatives in a telecast portraying Democrats as      ``against people of faith,'' for blocking President Bush's      nominees.       Fliers for the telecast organized by the Family Research      Council and scheduled to originate at a Kentucky megachurch      the evening of April 24, call the day ``Justice Sunday'' and      depict a young man holding a Bible in one hand and a gavel in      the other. The flier does not name participants, but under      the heading ``the filibuster against people of faith,'' it      reads: ``The filibuster was once abused to protect racial      bias, and it is now being used against people of faith.''  Mr. President, this is a delicate issue--the role of religion in America in a democratic society. It is one our Nation has struggled with--not as much as the issue of race and slavery, but close to it since our founding.  The men who wrote this Constitution said that we should be guided by three rules when it comes to religion in America. The three rules were embodied in the first article of the Bill of Rights. It says each of us shall have freedom of religious belief. What does that mean? We can rely on our own conscience to make decisions when it comes to religion. We can decide whether we will believe or not believe, whether we will go to church or not go to church, whether we will be a member of one religion or another. It is our individual conscience that will make that decision.  In addition to that, of course, the Bill of Rights says that this Government shall not establish any church; there will not be an official church of America. There is a church of England. There may be religions of other countries, but there will not be a church of America--not a Christian church, not a Jewish synagogue, not a Muslim mosque. There will not be a church of America, according to the Constitution.  The third thing it says, and this is especially important in this aspect of the debate, and this is article VI of the Constitution, is that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States. It couldn't be clearer. We cannot legally or constitutionally even ask a person aspiring to a judicial nomination to what religion they belong. They can volunteer it, they may give us some evidence to suggest what their religious affiliation might be, but we cannot ask it of them, nor can we use it as a test to whether they qualify for office. That is not my decision; it is a decision which I respect in this Constitution, and I have sworn to uphold it.  Now come these judicial nominees, some of whom are controversial, 10 of whom have been subject to a filibuster. They hold a variety of different positions on a variety of different issues. Some of them are purely governmental issues and secular issues, but some are issues which transcend--they are issues of government which are also issues of values and religion.  A person's position on the death penalty is an important question to ask. It is an important part of our criminal justice system. It is also a question of religious belief. Some feel it is permissible in their religion; others do not. So when you ask a nominee for a judgeship, for example, What is your position on the death penalty, you are asking about a provision of our law, but you are also asking a question that may reach a religious conclusion, too. The lines blur.  It isn't just a matter of the issue of abortion. It relates to family planning, to medical research, to the issue of divorce--all sorts of issues cross those lines between government and religion.  I have been on the Committee on the Judiciary for several years. We have tried to be careful never to cross that line to ask a question of religious belief, knowing full well that most of the nominees sent to us had some religious convictions. Our Constitution tells us there is no religious test for public office in America, nor should there be if you follow that Constitution.  So this event, April 24, in Kentucky, by the Family Research Council, suggests the real motive for the filibuster against judicial nominees is because those engaged in the filibuster are against people of faith. They could not be more mistaken. The leader on the Democratic side of the aisle is Senator Harry Reid of Nevada. Senator Reid and I have been friends and served together in Congress for over 20 years. Iknow him. I know his wife Landra. I know the family he is so proud of. I told him I was going to come to the Senate to speak for a few minutes about this issue. I said: Harry, do you mind if I talk about your religious belief, since you are the Democratic leader? He said: I never talk about religion. To me, it is a personal and private matter; have you ever heard me bring up the issue of religion? And I said: Never, in any of the time I have known you. But, he said, you can say this: You can say that Harry Reid said, I am a person of religious conviction. It guides my life.  So those on the side of the filibuster against 10 nominees out of 215--many come to this debate on a personal basis with religious conviction and religious beliefs. We are not in the business of discriminating against anyone for their religious belief. I will fight for a person to have their protection under our Bill of Rights to believe what they want to believe, that our Government will not impose religious beliefs on anyone. That freedom, that right, is sacred and needs to be protected. What we find, unfortunately, is that those who are staging this rally have decided to make the issue of the filibuster a religious issue. It is not and never should be.  Americans value religious tolerance and respect. Those who would use religion to stir up partisanship or political anger do a great disservice to this country and to this Constitution. We need to be mindful of our responsibilities now more than ever.  Witness what has occurred in America in the last several weeks. The contentious national debate over the tragic story of Terri Schiavo, a woman who survived for 15 years, and after numerous court appeals involving statements by her husband as to her intentions, statements by her parents as to their beliefs and values, the courts ruled in Florida that ultimately her decision to not have extraordinary means to prolong her life would be respected. There were those in the House of Representatives, Congressman Tom DeLay of Texas and others, who would not accept the decision of the Florida courts. They wanted special legislation to give others, including those who were not members of her family, the right to go to court and to fight the family's wishes, to fight her husband's wishes, to fight the Florida court decisions.  That matter came to the Senate. What we did here was the more responsible course of action. We said, yes, in this particular case they may appeal the Florida court decisions on the Schiavo matter to the Federal courts so long as the person who initiates the appeal is a person in interest, a member of her family, someone who has her best interests in mind, and ultimately the Federal court will decide whether it should be reviewed. That ultimately was enacted, and in a matter of 7 days the Federal courts, from the lowest court to the highest court, said it has been decided; we are not going to intervene.  What happened after that with the Schiavo case? Congressman DeLay and many others from organizations said: That's it, you cannot trust the Federal Judiciary. We have to impeach the judges who reach these decisions. They have decided that the independence of the judiciary needs to be attacked by our branch of government.  Is that new? Of course it is not. Many are unhappy with decisions involving Federal courts from time to time. But to call for the impeachment of Federal judges--and some have suggested even worse--crosses that line.  Those who are holding some of these rallies have suggested--and I am reading directly from the Family Research Council release of April 15. Let me read the entire first paragraph, in fairness.  This is from the Family Research Council:       A day of decision is upon us. Whether it was the      legalization of abortion, the banning of school prayer, the      expulsion of the 10 Commandments from public spaces, or the      starvation of Terri Schiavo, decisions by the courts have not      only changed our nation's course, but even led to the taking      of human lives. As the liberal, anti-Christian dogma of the      left has been repudiated in almost every recent election, the      courts have become the last great bastion for liberalism.  They go on to say:       We must stop this unprecedented filibuster of people of      faith.  They call on people to join them on Sunday, April 24, for their so-called Justice Sunday. It is reported in newspapers today that the majority leader of the Senate will be among those at their gathering. I do not dispute Senator Frist's right to speak his mind. I will fight for his right for free speech and for those who have written this publication. But I ask Americans to step back for a moment and ask, Is this what you want? Do you want to have a Federal judiciary and a Congress that intervenes in the most private aspects of your life and the life of your family? Do you believe, as most do in America, that we want to be left alone when it comes to our Government, that we want to face these critical life-and-death decisions as a family, understanding the wishes of the person involved, praying for the right way to go, but making the ultimate choice in that hospital room, not in a courtroom?  Make no mistake, these decisions are made time and time again every day, hundreds of times, maybe thousands of times. Doctors, family members, ministers, and others, gather in the quiet of a hospital corridor and have to answer the most basic questions.  It has happened in my family. It has happened in most.  The first thing we ask is, What would my brother want? What would my mother want? It is a private, personal, and family decision. But some believe it should not be. They believe anyone should be able to go to court to overturn that family decision and to inject themselves into the most intimate decisions of our personal lives. Sadly, that is what part of this debate has disintegrated to.  Let me close by saying this. I see my colleague and friend Senator Byrd has come to the floor. I do not need to ask him, I can guarantee you, without fear of contradiction, that in his suit pocket he carries the U.S. Constitution. There is no Member of the Congress, certainly no Member of the Senate, who honors this document more every day that he serves. And it has been my privilege and high honor to serve with him.  I think he understands, as we do, that this nuclear option is a full-scale assault on our Constitution. It is an assault on the checks and balances which make America different, the checks and balances in our Government which have led to the survival of this Nation for over two centuries.  This nuclear option, sadly, is an attempt to break the rules of the Senate in order to change the rules of the Senate so this President and his majority party can have any judicial nominee they want. And, sadly, if they prevail, it will make it easier for them to appoint judges to the bench who are not in touch with the ordinary lives of the American people, who are not moderate and balanced in their approach, but, sadly, go too far.  This is not an issue of religion. I cannot tell you the religious beliefs of any of the 10 nominees we have filibustered. By the Constitution, and by law, we cannot even ask that question, nor would I. But it is fair to ask those men and women, as we have, whether they will follow this Constitution, whether they will set out to make law or respect law, whether they will honor the rights and freedoms of the American people. In 10 cases out of 215, it has been the decision of at least 41 Members of the Senate or more that the nominees did not meet that test.  We need to work together to respect the rights of the American people and to respect the Constitution which we have sworn to uphold and defend.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). The Senator from West Virginia.  