President, I enjoyed this debate. It has been over 15 years since the Senate has had real debate on immigration. The Simpson-Mazzoli bill was the last time the Senate seriously looked at this issue, and it took us years to finally come up with a bill. We have not seriously addressed changes since.  There have been dramatic changes across America in immigration patterns, the number of people coming in, certainly issues of national security. If there is ever an issue we should address in comprehensive fashion, it is immigration.  I commend President Bush. We do not see eye to eye on many things, but I commend him for his leadership in suggesting we debate immigration. His proposal is not one I embrace in its entirety, but it at least opened the debate. Many were critical of it, some lauded it, but at least he had the courage to step up and say: Let's debate it.  Now comes the sense-of-the-Senate resolution that says we have an important bill before us relative to the war in Iraq, Afghanistan, and tsunami relief. Senator Cornyn, a Republican of Texas, and Senator Feinstein, a Democrat of California, have said this bill should not include immigration provisions. I think they make a compelling argument, an argument which I joined with several of my colleagues in making to Senator Frist a few days ago, who cosigned a letter--about 20 of us--to Senator Frist saying we do not believe one specific immigration provision should be part of this conference or this appropriations bill, and that relates to the REAL ID.  For those who have not followed the debate, the REAL ID is a provision adopted in the House of Representatives which will be part of this appropriations bill when the House and Senate come together to decide the final work product.  My concern, I say to Senator Cornyn and Senator Feinstein, is that the garlic is in the soup. There is no way to take it out at this point. Those of us who may be conferees will walk into that conference committee and face an immigration issue, a very serious immigration issue, a very controversial one.  So the suggestion we not add any immigration debate to this bill may be a good one to expedite it but like it or not we are going to face what I consider to be some very onerous provisions of the REAL ID bill which will be part of the conference committee report. If it is appropriate, I will retain the floor but ask the Senator from Texas about that particular circumstance. Would the Senator from Texas be open to modifying his sense of the Senate resolution in paragraph 4? In paragraph 4, the Senators from Texas and California say Congress should not short circuit the discussion of immigration by attaching amendments to this supplemental outside of the regular order.  Would the Senator from Texas modify his resolution to add the following language: Or by including provisions relating to immigration in the conference report to this supplemental appropriation bill?  If the Senator would, then I think what we are saying is we want a clean bill. By this vote, we are instructing our conferees to not come back with REAL ID, to not come back with any immigration provision.  I understand the predicament Senator Mikulski faces in Maryland. Senator Reed of Rhode Island faces a similar predicament when it comes to Liberian refugees. Senator Schumer faces an emergency situation with victims of volcano on an island who are now going to be deported back to tragic circumstances.  The point I am making is we cannot escape the reality immigration is on top of us and coming at us, but if we want this bill--because of its special nature--to be clean, I ask, without yielding the floor, if I could, through the Chair, if the Senator from Texas would be open to including this language in his sense of the Senate resolution?  