Senators on the other side of the aisle have come to the floor and said: Don't worry about this bill. Yes, it is stricter, you have to file more documents, it will cost more in legal fees, but if your income is lower than the median income and you file for bankruptcy, it does not affect you. You are exempt from it.  Senator after Senator has come to the floor and said that. I even asked Senator Sessions of Alabama on the floor yesterday: Is that your understanding, that if you are below median income you do not have to file all the papers for the means test? You don't have to go through some of the most harsh provisions of the bankruptcy bill? And he said yes, that was his understanding.  My amendment is very simple. It clarifies what has been said over and over again, that the means test does not apply to debtors who go into bankruptcy court whose incomes fall below the median level. It adds only two sentences to the bill. It makes it clear that those lower income debtors only have to show the court, first, the documentation already required under chapter 7, and then their monthly income. Once they show the monthly income, if it is below the median income in that area, they are exempt from the means test. That is all my amendment says.  Frankly, if colleagues on the other side of the aisle will not accept this amendment, I have to wonder whether they really believe this bill exempts lower income people. If it does not, it means everybody walking into bankruptcy court, not just those who can repay but many who have much lower salaries and incomes and cannot, is going to have to go through all of the procedural hooks and ladders set up by this S. 256. I don't think that is reasonable. It certainly is not the way this bill has been explained for the last 2 weeks. It is important that we read and recount what Senator Hatch said on February 28:       Let me tell you at the outset, the poor are not affected by      the means test. The legislation provides a safe harbor for      those who fall below median income.  The Republican leader came to the floor, and here is what he said:       This bankruptcy reform act exempts anyone who earns less      than the median income in their State.  Those are the words of Senator Frist.  Senator Sessions:       I remind all of my colleagues that people who are      economically distressed and have incomes below the median      income already will be exempt from the means test.  If this is true, and I hope it is, there is no reason this amendment should not pass overwhelmingly, in fact by a voice vote. But if those who drew up this bill really want to put everybody through these means tests regardless of their income, even those in the lowest income categories, that is another story altogether.  We know that half the people who go to bankruptcy court today are there because of medical bills. They are people who ended up with a mountain of debt because of an illness in their family. Do you know what else? Three-fourths of those people filing for bankruptcy because of medical bills had health insurance. They thought they had protected themselves and their families. They didn't have enough health insurance or they lost their job after the diagnosis. It happens.  What we are saying is if you are in one of those terrible situations where things have gone terribly wrong for your family and you are facing bankruptcy and you are in a low-income category, for goodness' sakes, why would we heap more procedural requirements, more cost, more paperwork, more demands on the poorest among us?  This amendment says what three Republican Senators have said on the floor word for word: If you are below the median income, you do not have to fill out the papers for the means test. I hope my colleagues, those who came to the floor and said this over and over again, agree to this amendment.  