President, first let me thank Senator Frist and Senator Reid for this extraordinary occasion, for this bipartisan moment of silence.  Today, we learned that our Nation had crossed a tragic threshold: 2,000 American service men and women have now been killed in Iraq, and more than 15,000 of our sons and daughters have been injured and have suffered painful and permanent injuries.  All are equal in their tragedy. The 2,000th death is no more heartbreaking than the first or the 50th. But the enormity of this lost--of 2,000 of our best and bravest--breaks America's heart.  We have seen their pictures. When you look at the faces of the fallen, you are struck by several things.  First, you are overwhelmed by how young they are. Three hundred and fifty-seven of these men and women never saw their 21st birthday.  As a father, I cannot imagine a greater grief than losing a child so young.  When you see the photos of our fallen heroes, you are struck by the resolve in their faces. They were young but they had courage, a sense of duty and purpose to volunteer and defend America.  In a few cases, you are also struck by some of the faces that are quite old. The oldest American killed in Iraq was 60 years old. The faces look like America because they are America. Most were born here. Some were Americans and soldiers by choice.  These 2,000 of our best and bravest came from every State of the Union and from the Territories. Seventy-nine were from my home State of Illinois. Almost half of those killed were soldiers in the Army, but members of this saddest of all rollcalls came from every branch of the service.  About one in four of those killed were members of the National Guard and Reserve, one more measure of the enormous sacrifice that these branches of our service are making.  All of these fine men and women volunteered to serve their country. All 2,000 gave their lives in that service.  The great World War II correspondent, Ernie Pyle, wrote a book entitled ``Brave Men.'' It is a collection of some of his best writing in the European theater. This is what he wrote in the dedication:       In solemn salute to those thousands of our comrades--great,      brave men that they were--for whom there will be no      homecoming, ever.  It is right that we honor the sacrifices of the great, brave men and women we have lost in Iraq and the sacrifices of their families and loved ones.  But words alone are not enough. We owe our fallen soldiers and their families answers. We owe them accountability. We owe them leadership as brave as their service. America cannot allow our Nation to drift into a war without end in Iraq.  GEN John Abizaid, the Commander of U.S. Central Command, said recently that the key to military success in Iraq ``is whether we can learn from our mistakes.''  We owe it to those who have fallen, to their loved ones, and to those who are still in harm's way, to change course when needed.  Our troops adapt to changing tactical situations on the ground--and so, frankly, do our enemies. Political leaders in Washington must do no less.  Earlier this month, the people of Iraq voted on a constitution. In December they are scheduled to hold parliamentary elections, and then, we hope, a new government will take over that can lead Iraq forward.  These are important milestones. They should be milestones not only for the Iraqis but for our troops as well. Each step the Iraqis take toward the successful establishment of self-governance should bring our troops a step closer to home.  Today is not a day to cast blame or question past decisions. Today is a day to mourn our dead, to honor their service and to extend our most heartfelt thoughts and prayers to their families. But we cannot put off a debate over the best course for the future. Two thousand brave soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines have given their lives for America. More than 15,000 have suffered devastating, life-changing wounds. Over 150,000 still stand in harm's way.  The choice we face in Iraq is not a choice between resolve or retreat. Themen and women in our military and their loved ones deserve a clear path to stability in Iraq so they can come home as soon as humanly possible. We do not honor our fallen soldiers simply by adding to their numbers. At some moment today or very soon we will cross that sad threshold and begin the count toward another thousand lives.  The American people and every elected leader of both political parties owe it to our soldiers and their families to never allow this war in Iraq to drift and stall as lives are lost and bodies are broken. One more soldier's life lost in Iraq is one too many. The 2,000 funerals, 2,000 flag-draped coffins, 2,000 grieving families--America mourns the loss of these brave soldiers. America's leaders must redouble their efforts 2,000 times over to bring this war to an end.  I yield the floor.  