President, I would like to spend a few minutes to discuss my amendment No. 3, which is pending at this time, and then ask that it be withdrawn. This is the amendment I had offered on Tuesday to clarify the scope of the ``mass action'' provision in Section 4(a) of the bill.  As I had explained earlier this week, this provision requires that mass actions be treated the same as class actions under this bill, and therefore taken out of State courts and removed to Federal courts. But it was still unclear to me--and to many of the injured people who will be affected by this bill--what precisely the drafters had in mind in coming up with this ``mass action'' language in the bill.  When I last took the floor, I had raised some questions about the differences between ``mass actions'' and ``mass torts,'' and whether mass torts would be ,I affected by the language in S. 5. I heard from proponents of this bill that these are two very different types of cases, and that the bill is designed to affect only mass actions and not mass torts.  In fact, Senator Lott of Mississippi the other day explained on the floor that:       Mass torts and mass actions are not the same. The phrase      ``mass torts'' refers to a situation in which many persons      are injured by the same underlying cause, such as a single      explosion, a series of event, or exposure to a particular      product. In contrast, the phrase ``mass action'' refers to a      specific type of lawsuit in which a large number of      plaintiffs seek to have all their claims adjudicated in one      combined trial. Mass actions are basically disguised class      actions.  I am glad that the proponents of this bill agree with me that there is a very significant difference between these two types of cases. Mass torts are large scale personal injury cases that result from accidents, environmental disasters, or dangerous drugs that are widely sold.  Cases like Vioxx that I described earlier, and cases arising from asbestos exposure, are examples of mass torts. These personal injury claims are usually based on State laws, and almost every State has well established rules of procedure to allow their State courts to customize the needs of their litigants in these complex cases.  Senator Lott also explained on the floor that:       There are a few States, like my State--I think, and West      Virginia is another one and there may be some others--which      do not provide a class action device. In those States,      plaintiffs' lawyers often bring together hundreds, sometimes      thousands of plaintiffs, to try their claims jointly without      having to meet the class action requirements. And often the      claims of the multiple plaintiffs have little to do with each      other.  So, it seems to me that the authors of this bill are trying to include only these so-called mass actions and not mass torts.  And I understand from the statements made by Senator Lott, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and many other proponents of the bill, that these so-called mass actions are currently filed only in Mississippi and West Virginia. In other words, this provision of S. 5 will have no impact on mass torts cases filed in the other 48 States.  That is good news because I would hate to see this bill--which already turns the idea of federalism on its head--preempt any more State rules and procedures than it already does with the diversity provisions.  I agree with the proponents that the scope of this language is limited.  It is my understanding from conversations with my colleagues who support this bill that a mass action, as used in this section of the bill, is simply a procedural device designed to aggregate for trial numerous claims. If that is the case, I believe my amendment would not be necessary.  I had offered my amendment as a good faith effort to keep mass tort cases from being impacted negatively by this provision. But if the language affects only a narrow set of procedural devices in a limited number of States, then I believe that is consistent with what I had attempted to achieve with my amendment.  Accordingly, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment, Amendment No. 3, be withdrawn.  