President, reserving the right to object, and I will not object, I would like to say a brief word or two about this resolution honoring the life of a great American who passed away recently. I am proud to be joined by Senators Inouye and Stevens on this resolution.  Three weeks ago, when I heard that Fred Korematsu died at the age of 86, I came to the Senate floor and paid my tribute. But because his place in our Nation's history is so important, I have come to the floor again to ask the entire Senate to recognize this man with this resolution.  In recent months, I have had several occasions to mention Fred Korematsu's name in committee and floor proceedings, because the story about the injustices he and thousands of others faced as a Japanese American during from World War II is one that we should never forget.  Today, as our Nation is engaged in a global war on terrorism and when we are confronting the issues of the balance between civil liberties and security, Fred Korematsu's name is a reminder that we need to learn from our history, as difficult and shameful as it may be.  In November 2003, Fred Korematsu filed a brief before the Supreme Court in a case involving the detentions at Guantanamo Bay. His brief contained a simple plea to the government: ``to avoid repeating the mistakes of the past, this court should make clear that the United States respects constitutional and human rights, even in times of war.''  As leaders in Washington, we are responsible for a wide range of legislative and policy decisions that will have impact on millions of lives of our fellow Americans. As we deliberate and debate these issues, I hope all my colleagues will continue to heed the wise words of this humble man.  Fred Korematsu died on March 30 at his daughter's home in Larkspur, CA, after a long illness. He leaves behind his wife, Kathryn, and their son and daughter. Our thoughts and prayers go out to their family and friends, and we honor his memory today with this resolution.  I ask my colleagues to support this resolution honoring a true American hero.  Fred Korematsu is a family name known to every student who has ever gone through law school. It was Mr. Korematsu who filed the law case protesting the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II. His family, like so many others, was discriminated against simply because of their heritage. We now realize it was a serious mistake and a great disservice to many loyal and patriotic Japanese Americans.  His recent passing was a reminder of this man's courage throughout his life, and I hope that this resolution, when it is sent to his family, will be a fitting tribute from the Senate for all the contributions they and his family have made to America.  