President, let me say it is clear now this is not about moving judges forward because I have offered an opportunity for the Republican majority to move a circuit judge in Utah forward on a bipartisan basis, as most of President Bush's nominees have been moved forward. It is about the fact that President Bush has not had every single nominee he sent to Congress approved. More than 95 percent have been approved.  There is another controversy relating to the State of Michigan--and I see my colleague, Senator Stabenow, is here--a controversy that goes back to the Clinton administration when a systematic effort was made to deny any nominee, virtually any nominee sent by the Clinton White House to the Senate Judiciary Committee, the opportunity for a hearing and fair consideration.  Naturally, the Senators from Michigan were upset that very qualified men and women were not given a chance to present their credentials and to come to a hearing and have a committee vote. Over the years they have expressed that concern and asked there be some balance in the nominations to fill the vacancies.  At this point, I ask unanimous consent we set aside the pending business of the Senate, discharge the Senate Judiciary Committee from further consideration and immediately consider the nomination of Michigan Circuit Court nominees Griffin, McKeague, and Neilson.  Mr. McCONNELL. Reserving the right to object, and I will object, once again, it is good news to hear the Senator from Illinois is going to be supportive of three circuit judges from Michigan who have been denied an opportunity to have an up-or-down vote for many years. The majority leader certainly has on his list for very near future consideration all of those judges, and I am pleased to hear they will be in all likelihood approved when they are brought up at a time of the majority leader's designation.  Let me repeat, all we are looking for is an up-or-down vote. We are not looking for a guaranteed outcome. But my friend from Illinois is probably suspicious that there will be success if up-or-down votes are granted because all of the judges who have been pending have bipartisan majority support.  We will look forward to dealing with all of the judges the Senator from Illinois would like to schedule, instead of the majority leader, in the very near future, but in the meantime we are dealing with the nomination of Justice Priscilla Owen to the Fifth Circuit.  Mr. President, I object.  