President, we just concluded a Presidential campaign. Who could have missed it? There were a lot of issues that were discussed, but one of particular interest to me was one that involves a personal effort I have made to pass a piece of legislation known as the DREAM Act. I introduced the DREAM Act 11 years ago. Things move slowly in the Senate, but this has taken way too long.  It has been heartening over the years to watch the support for the DREAM Act grow among the American people. It has also been interesting to me that in the last Presidential campaign one of the issues asked of Governor Romney, as well as President Obama, pointblank, was: Are you for the DREAM Act? I guess that says quite a bit for this piece of legislation and the idea and principle behind it.  When I introduced the DREAM Act 11 years ago, it was because I met a young woman from Chicago, Tereza Lee, who was Korean, who came to this country as a child, was raised in the United States, but her parents never filed the necessary documentation. So Tereza Lee was graduating from high school in Chicago, an accomplished pianist, and she had been accepted at the Manhattan Conservatory of Music in the Juilliard School of Music, but she was undocumented, she was not a citizen, she was not here legally.  So she came to our office and asked what she could do, and we had to advise her mom, under the law, Tereza, having lived in this country for more than 16 years, had to leave and go back to Brazil, where her family had been before they immigrated to the United States, wait 10 years, and then try to come back in. What a waste of talent. So I introduced the DREAM Act to give her and many like her a chance--a chance to be legalized, to become part of America.  Over the years, we have had many votes. I have always had a majority vote on the floor, a bipartisan majority vote, but I have been unable to break the filibuster from the other side of the aisle.  Well, now this issue's time has come because this President issued an executive order earlier this year to allow those who have been here and would qualify for the DREAM Act to stay without deportation if they registered, made it clear that they qualified otherwise for the DREAM Act, had no serious criminal past that would jeopardize anyone in the United States, and go through the process of review to be fingerprinted, to be basically identified as part of the system.  It was a great leap of faith for these young people, who had been here for so many years hiding, to step up in front of somebody and say: I am going to report myself to the Government of the United States. But they did it. Tens of thousands did it, and they continue to.  This deferred action that is being offered to so many of these young people gives them a chance now to work in the United States, to go to school in the United States, and to be here legally. That is why this issue is so important. But we are far from finished. We have not passed the law. We have an executive order from the President that gives them this chance.  This weekend, in Kansas City, MO, hundreds of DREAMers--that is what we call these young people now--are going to get together. They are part of the largest national organization of DREAMers: United We Dream. They will be planning their next effort--advocating for immigration reform legislation that will bring them and their families out of the shadows once and for all and give them a chance to earn their way to legal status and citizenship in America.  One part of immigration reform--the DREAM Act--is near and dear to me. But I want to see comprehensive immigration reform before it is all over. We know if we pass the DREAM Act, it will help the economy, creating new jobs and economic growth when the talent of these young people, as they come out of high school and college, is brought into our economy.  In my home State of Illinois, by 2030, the DREAM Act would contribute $14 billion in economic activity and DREAMers would create up to 58,992 new jobs.  I come to the floor of the Senate frequently to tell their stories. They used to hide in the shadows. They did not want to talk about who they were because they were undocumented and afraid of being deported. Many were deported. But I came to the floor to tell the stories of those who had the courage to step up and identify themselves and run that risk, just so people knew who they were.  I will tell a story today about Pierre Beranstain.  Pierre and his sister were brought to the United States by their parents from Peru in 1998, when they were children. Pierre did not speak a word of English when he first arrived in Carrollton, TX, but he worked hard to learn English. He excelled academically and was accepted into the Academy of Biomedical Professions in his high school.  In 2006, Pierre was accepted at Harvard, one of the best universities in our country. He went on to get a bachelor's degree with honors. He is currently pursuing a master's degree at Harvard Divinity School.  In addition to working on this graduate degree, he is active in his community. Among many other volunteer activities, Pierre works at Renewal House, a domestic violence shelter in Boston.  His volunteer work led Harvard to award Pierre the Thomas E. Upham Scholarship, which is given to an outstanding graduate student committed to public service.  Pierre recently wrote an article about growing up as an undocumented immigrant. This is what he said:       I am not a criminal, a monster, a predator, or someone who      sits at home doing nothing substantive or meaningful. I care      for this country; I care for its successes as well as its      struggles, for its joys as well as its sorrows. I am not      asking that our government maintain an open-door policy      for immigrants. I am simply asking that it give an      opportunity to those of us who have proven ourselves.  Well, Pierre is right. America needs young people just like him, who love their country and are dedicated to caring for our society's most vulnerable.  So what do the American people think about the idea of the DREAM Act? Listen to a recent poll. A Bloomberg poll found that 64 percent of likely voters--almost 2 out of 3, including 66 percent of Independents--support the policy, compared to only 30 percent who oppose it. By a margin of 2 to 1, the American people know this is the right thing to do.  Now we need to pass comprehensive immigration reform. On our side, the negotiating effort will be led by Senator Schumer of New York, who chairs the Immigration Subcommittee, and a number of us will join in that effort. We are going to join with those on the other side--Senators John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Marco Rubio, Susan Collins, Rand Paul, and Senator-elect Jeff Flake--who have expressed an interest in this issue to make sure we move forward in a bipartisan fashion to try to finally find a solution to immigration reform.  Let me close by thanking Senator Jon Kyl and Senator Kay BaileyHutchison. Yesterday they introduced the ACHIEVE Act, which has been called the Republican version of the DREAM Act. I have worked with them for a long time. We share many of the same ideas. We have some differences. I have some concerns, but I appreciate that Senator Kyl and Senator Hutchison have come forward with this proposal.  