Many of my other colleagues may not be aware of his interest and dedication to the continent of Africa. He has traveled there probably as much if not more than any other Member of the Senate. It has been a great opportunity, experience, and education for me to travel there over the years, but my few visits do not come close to the commitment that has been made by the Senator from Oklahoma. Igreatly respect his knowledge of the area and appreciate his cosponsorship of the amendment which is pending which we hope will be cleared.  I have been to eastern Congo twice, 2005 and 2010--Goma. Goma is one of those places you will never forget once you visit them. This is one of the poorest places on Earth. You see the poverty in every direction. You see the disease. You see the victims of war in every direction because there has been an ongoing war in this part of the world which literally rivals some of the great wars of our history in terms of the innocent people who have been killed, maimed, raped, and have suffered displacement. On top of all of these things in Goma is an active volcano that erupted not that many years ago, covering this poor, godforsaken part of the world with lava. It troubles me to go there and see the suffering that goes on every day.  The ongoing war that is taking place--the rebel groups, M23--have now taken over sections of eastern Congo. Eastern Congo is known as the rape capital of the world. One of the tactics of war is to rape the women of any age in front of their families and then force these women, many times, to kill other members of the family who have witnessed it. They estimate that regional war and rape leave an estimated 1,000 or more women assaulted every day in the Congo. Twelve percent of all Congolese women have been victimized by this. I met some in a hospital called Heal Africa.  There is a population of 8 million people, and Heal Africa is the only hospital in the area that offers any antiretroviral drugs for children with HIV and surgery to repair the bodies of these traumatized women. Heal Africa's cofounder, Lyn Lusi, passed away this past March. What a saint she was. While her death was a terrible loss, Heal Africa and other organizations continue to carry on her vision, including many American medical students who go there to volunteer. God bless them. There was a delegation from Purdue University there when I visited, and many others have followed.  The Rwandan genocide has been the root cause of many of the problems, as well as a weak government in Congo. Eastern Congo is virtually on its own, with very little governance or protection, and criminals run rampant.  Dr. Denis Mukwege runs another hospital in Bukavu, the capital of South Kivu province.  Panzi Hospital is a one-story building on a tree-lined, dirt road. It receives about 10 new rape cases a day, every day. And that is only the tip of the iceberg, since most rape survivors never seek treatment.  The victims range in age from 2 to 80 years old. Dr. Mukwege says they arrive ``broken, waiting for death, hiding their faces.''  Last month armed gunmen attacked this genuine hero at his home, murdering his guard and shooting at him, likely because of a strong speech he gave at the United Nations last month, denouncing mass rape and impunity in Congo.  The United Nations has a 20,000 member peacekeeping force in eastern Congo to help the region's violence--but the area is still very fragile, awash in weapons, warlords, and competing regional interests. It is also rich in valuable minerals that are found in our everyday electronic and other products.  It has been said that the Congo war contains ``wars within wars''--and that is true. But fueling much of the violence is a bloody contest for control of these vast mineral resources.  In the last Congress I was proud to join in a bipartisan effort with Senators Brownback, Feingold, Dodd, Johnson, and others to try to prevent the country's mineral wealth from fueling the region's horrific violence.  The bill we eventually passed included a simple transparency requirement--if a company registered in the United States uses any of a small list of key minerals from Congo or its neighbors, then it has to disclose in its SEC filings what, if anything, it is doing to prevent the mineral purchases from funding the region's violence.  I was happy to see that in August, the Securities and Exchange Commission approved a rule based on this legislation. It is a sound and fair rule, so you can imagine my disappointment that the National Association of Manufactures has already started a legal challenge to this modest provision. I appeal to the conscience of the CEOs of these companies in America to do their part to help end this violence that is going on in Congo. Please stop fighting this simple provision so we can trace these minerals and stop the exploitation of these poor people.  Last week a well-armed group of rebels calling themselves M23 overran and occupied the key city of Goma in eastern Congo. These rebels have threatened to continue their incursions and set a course for Kinshasa, Congo's capital in the west. They have created a new wave of fleeing refugees in need of clean water, food, and shelter. This move was condemned by the U.N. Security Council, which expressed deep concerns about M23. These rebels are known for brutal violence. This is a photograph of a little baby being passed into a truck hopefully, to safety--a victim of the violence going on by the M23 rebels who have taken over this part of the Congo. Some of my colleagues may have seen this tragic photo in Monday's New York Times. This baby is being hoisted into a packed truck while his family is trying to get out. Even more troubling is that there is considerable evidence that these rebels have and are continuing to receive strategic and materiel support from neighboring Rwanda, just as Senator Inhofe mentioned on the Senate floor, and potentially from Uganda as well. News reports indicate that the M23 rebels have access to night vision goggles and other equipment they never had before, indicative of significant assistance from the well-supplied Rwandan Army. We have seen reports that the Rwandan Army crossed the border working side-by-side with these rebels.  A Congolese regional governor, Julien Paluku, stated that the Rwandan Army entered his province behind the M23 rebels and forced the Congolese military to flee. Human Rights Watch has corroborated these reports and has independently confirmed the Rwandan Government's role.  There was some hope that the leaders of Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda would meet last week and find a way to end this violence. Yet it didn't occur. It appears Rwandan President Kagame did not attend as he had once promised.  Rwanda is a friend of the United States. I have visited President Kagame and I have been to Rwanda. It has certainly been through its share of suffering during the genocide in 1994. It helped in peacekeeping efforts in Sudan. With that kind of leadership, though, comes an important responsibility. No one in Rwanda or any country will benefit from a collapsed Congo in which the rebels hold large swaths of territory and these impoverished people at gunpoint. I urge Rwanda to rein in the M23 rebels and work with its regional neighbors to bring stability to eastern Congo.  To make sure this happens, Senators Boozman, Boxer, Coons--let me get the entire list because I am proud they have joined me in this effort--Brown of Ohio, Cardin, and now Senator Inhofe have joined me in filing an amendment to this Defense authorization bill that would impose an asset freeze and visa ban on any outside parties who are providing support to the M23 rebels, an amendment I urge my friends, Senators Levin and McCain, to accept.  I hope such sanctions will not be needed and that wiser heads prevail. The people of eastern Congo have suffered long enough.  I know Senator Levin is working for the approval of this amendment. I sincerely hope it can be done before the end of the evening. I am going to at this point yield the floor in the hopes that we can bring this to a positive conclusion.  