President, it is my honor to join my colleague and friend, the Senator from Texas. We are on opposite sides of the aisle, but we are on the same side of this issue.  Listen to what America has said about what is happening in Syria: Almost 8,000 innocent people have been killed in the streets of Syria by Bashar Asad, the dictator. The people who expressed their concern and objection to his policies are mowed down and killed in the streets, their homes are bombed, and nothing is being done. Sadly, the United States tried to engage the United Nations Security Council to join the Arab League and others condemning what Asad is doing to these innocent people. Our efforts were stopped by China and Russia.  The relationship between Russia and Syria is well documented. They have been close allies for many years. We also know they are providing about $1 billion in Russian military aid to the Syrian dictator to kill his own people in the streets. That is part of this.  I have to join Senator Cornyn in saying how concerned we were when we learned that one of the leading military exporters of Russia, Rosoboronexport, is not only doing business in Syria but with the U.S. Government. Now, I understand the history. We are buying Russian helicopters to help the Afghans defend their country against the Taliban. The helicopter of choice in Afghanistan today is, I believe, the old Soviet M 17 or M 18 helicopter. So our government is buying these Russian helicopters to give to the Afghan Government to fight the Taliban.  We are, in fact, doing business with the very same company and country that is subsidizing the massacre in Syria. It is right for us, as Members of Congress, to make that point to Secretary Panetta and the Department of Defense. I think it is also appropriate for us to ask why we are not converting the Afghan defense forces, their security forces, to another helicopter.  Can I be so bold as to suggest it be made in the United States of America since we are paying for it? Why aren't we doing that? Why aren't we creating jobs in America and training these Afghans on helicopters that come from our country, that are as good or better than anything the Soviets ever put in the air? I don't have a preference on an American helicopter. I don't have any producers in my State, so I am not into that particular bidding war. I would not get into it. But I do believe sending a word to the Russians immediately that our relationship of buying these helicopters for Afghanistan and subsidizing their military sales to Syria should come to an end. That is what this letter is about.  We cannot pass resolutions on the Senate floor condemning the bloodshed in Syria and ignore the obvious connection: Russian military is moving arms into Syria that are used to kill innocent people.  I noticed the Senator from Texas brought a photograph with him. This photograph I am going to show is one of a Russian warship, an aircraft carrier, docked at the Syrian port of Tartus on January 8 of this year. What we could not turn into a poster is the video clip showing the Russian warshipcaptains being greeted like royalty by the Syrian Minister of Defense who went out to welcome the ship. This Russian aircraft carrier was launched from a port used by the same export company.  I cannot go any further in saying that the particular company involved sent goods on this particular ship, but the fact is obvious. Russia has become a major supplier of military arms to the Syrian dictator who is killing innocent people. We are doing business with that same military company, Rosoboronexport.  It is time for us to step back and say to the Russians: We can no longer continue this relationship. If you are going to subsidize the killing of innocent people, we cannot afford to do business with you.  America, we have to acknowledge the obvious. No matter what they are paying, it is not worth the loss of innocent life in Syria.  I thank the Senator from Texas for joining me. I think we have 16 or 17 colleagues who are joining us in the bipartisan effort to raise this issue.  I hope the Russians will understand that once and for all they can't play both sides of the street, and we in the United States should draw the line.  I thank the Senator from Texas.  