Everyone understood that a decision just across the street this morning by the nine members of the Supreme Court was historic and politically significant.  The Supreme Court handed down a decision, consisting of 193 pages, with all of the major opinions--dissenting and concurring opinions included--in the case of National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius. We knew this was a case to decide the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act. That, of course, was one of President Obama's first major legislative undertakings when he was elected President. Many of us who were part of the Senate and the House during this debate will never forget it. I have been lucky enough to represent my great State of Illinois for quite some time, in both the House and Senate, but there has never been a more historic and exhausting debate than the one that preceded the final vote on the Affordable Care Act. The last vote in the Senate actually occurred on Christmas Eve, and then we hurried away from here to be with our families, knowing we had done something of great historic import.  Behind this decision was my human experience that most every one of us has had at one time or another. I can recall in my own family experience that moment when I was a brandnew dad and a law student--not exactly a great combination in planning, but that was my life. Our daughter was born with a serious problem. We were here in Washington, DC, and we were uninsured--no health insurance, a brandnew baby, and I was a law student. I can remember leaving Georgetown Law School a few blocks from here to go over to Children's Memorial Hospital to sit in a room with all of the other parents who had no health insurance. It was a humbling experience, waiting for your number to be called for a brandnew doctor whom you had never seen before to sit down and ask you again for the 100th time the history of your child. You never feel more helpless as a parent in that circumstance--to have no health insurance and to hope and pray you are still doing the best for your child. That experience is one that literally millions of Americans have every single day,with no health insurance, praying that they will get through the day without an accident, a diagnosis, or something that is going to require medical care. What we tried to do with the Affordable Care Act was twofold: first, to expand the reach of health insurance coverage to more families; second, to make health insurance itself more affordable and more reasonable.  Let me start with this question of affordable and reasonable health insurance. Similar to my family, many families had children born with a problem--asthma, diabetes, cancer, heart issues. These are children who need special care, and many times families, when they turned to ask for health insurance, were turned away. That is not fair and it is not what we need in America. We need health insurance to protect those families, and that is one of the major provisions in the Affordable Care Act.  Secondly, many people don't realize until it is too late that their old health insurance policies had lifetime limits. There was only so much money the insurance company would pay. People who got into challenging medical situations, with expensive health care needs, learned in the midst of their chemotherapy their health insurance was all in--finished, walked away. We change that in the Affordable Care Act. We eliminated the lifetime limits in health insurance policies for that very reason.  We also said health insurance companies should be entitled to a profit and, of course, should charge a premium to cover the cost of their administration of health care. But we started drawing limits on what they could ask. We said 85 percent of the money collected in premiums needed to be paid into actual health care, with the other 15 percent available for marketing, for administration, and for executive compensation. Eighty-five percent had to go into the actual cost of health care, hoping to keep premiums from rising too fast. That was in the Affordable Care Act.  When it came to coverage, we detected a problem: too many families had their sons and daughters graduating from college, looking for jobs, and not finding full-time jobs with health insurance. So we expanded family health care coverage to include children--young men and women--through the age of 25. We thought parents should be able to keep them under the family health care plan while they are getting their lives together and looking for work. That was one of the basics that was included in the Affordable Care Act.  All of those make health insurance more affordable and more reasonable for the families who need it.  Then came the question of what to do about those people who have no health insurance. Some people don't have health insurance because they work at a job that doesn't provide it and they can't afford it. Others have an opportunity to pay for it but decide they are going to wait or that they don't need it. We hear that particularly from younger people who think they are invincible and will never ever need health insurance coverage. So the question was how do we expand the reach of health insurance coverage. We did it in this bill.  We set a standard and said people should not have to pay any more than 8 percent of their income for health insurance premiums. If they are in lower income categories, we will help them with tax credits and treatment in the Tax Code to pay for their health insurance. For employers--the businesses people work for--they will be given additional tax credits to offer health insurance, hoping to continue to expand that pool of insured people in America. For the poorest of the poor, we said, ultimately, they would be covered by Medicaid--the government health insurance plan--and for at least the first several years, the Federal Government will pay the entire cost, the expanded cost of that coverage.  The notion is to get more and more people under the tent--under the umbrella of coverage. That not only gives them peace of mind, but it also means for many hospitals and providers across America there will be fewer charity patients.  Let's be honest about it. Even people without health insurance get sick. When they do, they come to a hospital and they are treated. When they can't pay their bills, those bills are passed on to all the rest of us.  In my hometown of Springfield, IL, at the Memorial Medical Center, the CEO there said: If we have everybody walking through our front door at least paying Medicaid, we will be fine. Do that, Senator. That is what this bill sets out to do.  There were some people who objected to the part which said, if someone can afford to buy health insurance and doesn't, they are going to pay a penalty. Some people called it a mandate. Others--myself included--called it personal responsibility. If someone can afford to buy health insurance, they should buy it because 60 percent of the folks who don't buy it end up getting sick and the rest of us pay for it. That is not fair to the system. It is estimated to cost those with private health insurance $1,000 a year just to pay for those who don't buy it when they can. That was one of the issues being debated before the Supreme Court. So this bill, which ultimately passed, was signed by President Obama, has been debated back and forth ever since. It became a major topic in this year's Presidential campaign. I don't believe there was a single Republican Presidential candidate who didn't get up and say: I will get rid of it on the first day I am in office. Governor Romney has said that. Yet when you look at all the provisions--the expansion of coverage--even expanding Medicare's prescription drug Part D for seniors--to think we would eliminate that, think about the hardship that would create across our country.  We all waited expectantly for this day, this day at the end of the October term of 2011 for the U.S. Supreme Court, and the decision today was that the Affordable Care Act President Obama signed into law is constitutional. Now we can move forward.  Some people have said: Is it perfect? The answer, of course, is no. I say half jokingly, the only perfect law was carried down the side of a mountain on clay tablets by ``Senator Moses.'' All the other efforts are our best human efforts and always subject to improvement. The same thing is true for this. I am sure the President would say exactly the same. The good news is that today, the Supreme Court found the President's Affordable Care Act is constitutional.  There was, of course, some question of one provision or another, but the bottom line is Chief Justice Roberts--not considered a liberal by any standards--led the Court in a decision that found this law constitutional. The important part of that is it means, for a lot of families, there is going to be help through this law.  In Illinois last year, 1.3 million people on Medicare and 2.4 million people with private health insurance received preventive care at no cost. That is a provision in this law that was found constitutional today. That means that mammograms, cholesterol screenings, and other efforts ahead of time for preventive care will help people prevent illness and save lives.  Speaking of prevention, the law provides help for States with their prevention programs--programs to help our children stay strong with immunizations, programs that detect and prevent diabetes, heart disease, and arthritis.  Another reason this law is so important is because of lifetime limits, as I mentioned. Before this law, insurance companies would literally say: Sorry, you hit your limit. We can't pay for any more chemotherapy. But because the Affordable Care Act was found constitutional today by the Court, 4.6 million people in my State of Illinois alone received the care they needed last year without having to worry about an insurance company's lifetime limits. It is prohibited by the Affordable Care Act.  In these tough economic times, as I mentioned, when young people are looking for work, the fact they can now have health insurance through their family's plan up to the age of 26 is a sensible policy. Two-and-one-half million young Americans received protection under the Affordable Care Act because of this single provision, and 102,000 of them live in my State of Illinois.  Of course, the law, as I said, requires the insurance companies to spend more money of their premiums on actual medical care--85 percent, in fact. Over $61 million has been returned to thosewith health insurance policies, and 300,000 people in Illinois are included, in the form of a rebate, because of the medical loss ratio.  For seniors, it will be a helping hand to pay for prescription drugs. They are going to be able to help fill the so-called doughnut hole and have less money come out of their lifetime savings to pay for the drugs they need to keep them strong and even alive. It also means preventive care for a lot of these seniors, so they are able to get the annual checkup in order to detect some problem before it gets serious.  From the business side, the Affordable Care Act--found constitutional today by the Supreme Court--is going to help small businesses pay for health insurance. The new tax provisions help them do the right thing and buy health insurance for their employees. So far, more than 228,000 businesses across America have taken advantage of this new tax credit and have saved $278 million.  When this is all implemented--the Affordable Care Act--30 million more people will have health insurance across America. By 2019, 15 million of these will be in Medicaid and the rest will be in exchanges and in private health insurance.  Another provision in here was important and that was the expansion of community health care clinics. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, a good friend and a great leader on these issues, pushed hard for it. I have been to these community health care clinics across my State. They are wonderful primary care in the neighborhoods, in the small towns, in Springfield, and in Chicago, that truly help people along the way.  Today, the President of the United States went to the cameras after the Supreme Court decision and talked about this decision by the Court and this law. He said for those who believe the Affordable Care Act was just politics as usual, it was a political risk and he knew it. There were close friends and advisers of the President who basically counseled him not to try and take this on. This issue has stopped President after President.  I tried to help President Clinton and then-First Lady Clinton when they were attempting to get health care reform passed. Try as they might, they couldn't get it done. But President Obama stuck with it. Even though there was precious little help from the other side of the aisle, he stuck with it and got the bill passed. They then challenged him in court at every level they could, and today--at the highest Court of our land--it was found constitutional.  The President said--and I think we all should pay attention to this--it is not only good in its substance--and I have described that--but it is also a new challenge for us, Democrats and Republicans, to make it work. The American people want us to come together to make health insurance affordable and available, to incentivize quality care, and to make certain America, the richest Nation on Earth, has the best and most affordable health care on Earth.  It took the Supreme Court 193 pages to say it today, and now it is up to us, both Democrats and Republicans, to work together, maybe put the swords aside and sit down at a table and make this law even better across America. I think the American people are counting on us. The Supreme Court, in finding President Obama's Affordable Care Act constitutional, made it clear that now it is up to us to put the policies in place that will make it successful and help families, businesses, and individuals all across America.  I yield the floor.  