President, I thank the chairman of the Finance Committee and my friend from Utah, the ranking member of the committee.  Senator Coburn of Oklahoma, who just spoke, and I probably see so many things differently, but yet we see many things the same. He and I come to the Senate with different backgrounds, perhaps different political values in many areas, and a much different voting record. They would put us on opposite sides of the political spectrum if they described those voting records. Yet I have found, over the last several years, Senator Coburn and I have been able to agree and come together on some of the important issues which he just raised on the Republican side of the aisle, which are shared on the Democratic side of the aisle.  Senator Coburn and I served on the Bowles-Simpson Commission, a commission appointed by President Obama, to reduce our Nation's debt and deficit. I voted for the Commission report, with some misgiving over proposals but believed it moved us in the right, proper, and necessary direction.  The fact and simple fact is, the United States borrows 40 cents for every $1 our government spends. It borrows 40 cents for every $1 we spend, primarily after we have exhausted the savings of Americans, from foreign nations such as China, that end up buying the U.S. treasurys to fund our debt. So as we go more deeply into debt, we become more indebted to foreign countries, sovereign nations and their sovereign funds. I think that is something that needs to be addressed, addressed in a proper fashion. Where Senator Coburn and I may disagree is in the fashion that we approach it.  We are currently emerging from a recession. We know what the impact has been. Families and businesses across America have been hard hit--families and their savings, many people losing their jobs, and businesses either going out of business or cutting back.  We are starting to see the first indications of recovery--the ``green shoots,'' as they say. As the President said in his State of the Union Address, we lost 4 million jobs in America in the 6 months before he was sworn in and another 4 million before his proposal to get the economy moving forward was enacted into law--8 million jobs in that short timeframe out of the 14 million unemployed today.  The President started to move the economy forward working off a proposal by President Bush to deal with financial institutions--a bitter pill for many of us but, I am afraid, necessary to keep our economy stable--and then, with his investment program, to put America back to work.  These things are starting to take hold. We have seen a growth of some 3 million private sector jobs since the President's program started. It is an indication we are moving in the right direction.  I would just say to my friend from Oklahoma, when we talk about issues such as deficit reduction and spending reduction, we should speak to those issues in the context of economic recovery, to make certain that whatever decisions we make in reducing the deficit, reducing spending, raising taxes, whatever it may be, that at this point in time in our history, it is in the context of getting America back to work.  At 12 o'clock today we have a scheduled vote, and the vote is on the debt ceiling. What is the debt ceiling? It goes back to my earlier point. When we spend more than we bring in in revenue, we need to borrow it. As the need to borrow increases, the President has a responsibility to ask for authorization from Congress. It is known as the debt ceiling limit. In years gone by, it was a routine vote. In fact, if I am not mistaken, President Reagan asked for some 16 debt ceiling extensions in the 8 years he served. For most of these, he was given permission to extend the debt ceiling on a bipartisan vote. Sixteen times in 8 years--a rather common occurrence at that time but one that we anticipated being part of the ordinary business of government. That issue has become politicized now, and there are some Members who will come to the floor and vote against extending the debt ceiling, extending the authority of the President to borrow money to keep our government functioning.  What troubles me greatly is that many of the same Senators who are going to vote against the debt ceiling voted for the spending. They voted to spend the money knowing we did not have it and now, as former Congressman Obey of Wisconsin used to say, want to pose for holy pictures--``Oh, I am opposed to the debt ceiling. I am not in favor of debt.'' Really? How about your vote for the appropriations bills to fund our wars? Did you not vote for those? Did you not vote for the budget resolution which passed on a bipartisan basis which established our spending for 2 years? Did you not vote as well when it came to the continuing resolution of appropriations that had to pass both the House and the Senate?  Many of my colleagues who dutifully voted for all of this spending, knowing in the back of their minds we did not have enough money and would have to borrow to accomplish it, now will come to the floor in a few moments and are going to say: We are holier than the others. We are going to vote against an extension of the debt ceiling.  I would say to those colleagues: Do not vote for the spending if you will not vote for the borrowing because we know now they are linked together. They are one in the same. And the President is only doing what is responsible.  You know, we faced a government shutdown over this debt ceiling last year. That was one of the first ever where a serious threat was looming that we were not going to extend the debt ceiling and, in fact, would renege or basically default on America's debts around the world. The result of that would have been catastrophic. The reputation of America, its economy, and the soundness of the dollar was at stake. Thank goodness, at the last minute those who were opposing the debt ceiling relented, and they set up the process we will be addressing in just a few moments. They said: Well, on a periodic basis, the Congress will have to vote to extend the debt ceiling.  Last week, the House of Representatives said: No, we do not want to extend the debt ceiling. The same Members of the House who voted for the spending bill, the same Members who voted for the Budget Enforcement Act, the same Members who give speeches back home about how we can't turn our backs on our men and women in uniform and have to spend the money to bring them home safely, those same Members voted against the debt ceiling. It is a totally inconsistent position. It is not honest. An honest position would be ``I do vote for spending. I do not vote for borrowing.'' Very few Senators, if any, can say that with a straight face. In fact, just the opposite is true.  I hope my colleagues here will accept our responsibility to extend the debt ceiling by voting no on the motion to proceed to the consideration of the debt ceiling. It is an important vote. And then I want to join and meet the challenge of Senator Coburn of Oklahoma. There are things we can and must do to bring our Nation's debt down, consistent with the Bowles-Simpson deficit commission, consistent with the work of the Gang of 6, and consistent with growing the American economy. It has to include, as the Bowles-Simpson deficit commission recommended, both revenue increases as well as spending cuts. Both have to happen.  When the President comes before us in the State of the Union and suggests increasing tax rates of those making over $1 million a year, the vast majority of Americans say that is reasonable. It is reasonable to ask those who are well off to pay their fair share. Well, let's make that part of our conversation here. If we are serious about the deficit, let's include revenue that will not hurt working families who are struggling from paycheck to paycheck but will bring the money in to lessen our need to borrow money from overseas.  That should be part of it, spending cuts and revenue enhancement that will not hurt the economy. I think we can do that if we address it on a bipartisan basis. I stand ready to cooperate with my colleagues to achieve that. I hope they will join me in voting no against the motion to proceed.  I yield the floor.  