Let me say the retirement of Senator Conrad from North Dakota is a great loss to the Senate and to the Nation. We have only six or seven months left to do something significant. It will be easier to do it when Kent Conrad is working with us. I hope we can achieve it.  I also want to say for those who have come to the floor over and over to say it is time for a budget resolution, it bears repeating that we passed the Budget Control Act, which is a law. A resolution is just that, a resolution passed by the House and Senate, recommending our spending levels. A budget law passed by Congress, signed by the President, has the force of law and it in fact is going to determine our spending levels for the next year. The people who come to the floor and say isn't it about time we had a budget resolution so we knew what we were going to spend next year--we do. We passed it on a bipartisan basis. In fact, the Republican Senate leader voted for it, so it was not as though it wasn't a bipartisan effort, it was all the way, and the President signed it and it guides our spending.  Let me speak for a moment about those ``thrilling days of yesteryear,'' as they used to say on the old radio serial, going back to 2001, if you can stick with me for a minute. That was the last time the United States of America had a balanced budget. Who was President at the time? It was President Clinton, who left that budget for President Bush. That represented, I think, two or three successive years of balanced budgets.  I said to my staff: Take a look at the last time our budget was in balance, take a look at today, and compare spending and revenue between those two periods of time. I think the Senator from North Dakota told me once something like 19.6 percent of GDP in that year of balance was being spent, 19.6 percent was being raised in revenue, and there was the balance.  Now we have drifted to the point where I think spending is around 24 percent, is that close? And the actual revenue is down to 14 percent. The 10-percent delta equals the deficit.  But in specifics, what has happened in that period of time? Thanks to Senator Inouye, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, here is a chart which tells the story. The blue line, of course, this bar, represents the spending and revenue in fiscal year 2001, the last time we had a balanced budget, and the red bar represents fiscal year 2012. I asked them to compare it and here is what we found. The security in there represents, of course, military spending, primarily military spending. In the period of time we were last in balance until today we have seen roughly a 60-percent increase in military spending--understandable, two wars, all the buildup that has been part of it--OK? A 60-percent increase.  Now let's take a look at nondefense spending. That would be everything from medical research, building highways or helping to build highways, education, basic health care. What has happened in real dollars since we were last in balance in that nonsecurity discretionary spending? Flat. Zero increase. But if you listen to the debate over the last 2 years here, you would think it was all the increase--all the increase we have seen in our deficit is attributable to these nonsecurity programs. Those are the ones we have been cutting away at. I think they represent 12 percent of the budget. We keep cutting away all these nondefense programs but they have not added to our deficit since we last were in balance.  Now look at mandatory programs. Mandatory programs, obviously Medicare and programs such as that, have seen an increase of about 30 percent because yesterday 10,000 Americans reached the age of 65, today 10,00 more, and tomorrow 10,000 more, and for the next 18 years 10,000 a day. Boomers have arrived. After paying into Social Security and Medicare for a lifetime they walk up to the window and say now it is my turn. It is understandable.  The demographics are growing for those who are covered by these mandatory programs, and the costs have been growing right along with them--a 30-percent increase.  Take a look at revenues, compared with when we were last in balance. Revenues have gone down 13 percent. Senator Conrad and I were on the Bowles-Simpson commission and 18 of us sat there for a year-plus and listened to all this testimony about everything. Here is where we came down. He and I both voted for it. We believe the premise of the Simpson-Bowles commission is the right premise--everything must be on the table. Everything.  What do you mean by everything? Spending cuts must be on the table, both on the defense side and the nondefense side. In addition, we have to put the entitlement programs on the table. My friends, we cannot ignore this conversation. We are 11 or 12 years away from Medicare going bankrupt. We have to have a serious conversation about this, and we have to look seriously at the question of revenue.  We cannot ignore the fact that we have seen a decline in the revenue coming into the Federal Government since we last had a budget imbalance. We have to put all that on the table. I added another part that fits right into the revenue conversation, the Tax Code. This is not Holy Writ. The Tax Code is a compilation of laws passed over a long period of time that takes about $1.2 trillion out of the Treasury every year for deductions and credits and exclusions and special treatment.  They asked us at one of these meetings about the Tax Code: What do you think is the most expensive provision in the Tax Code that takes the most money out of the Treasury? I said, mortgage interest for sure. Wrong. The most expensive is the employers' exclusion of health insurance premiums. So imagine when we get into the debate about tax reform and the first item up is the biggest item up, employers' exclusion of health insurance premiums. Imagine that conversation. If we say your employer can no longer take the full deduction, what does it mean to you as an employee in terms of your out-of-pocket expense, in terms of your health insurance coverage? So I am not going to suggest tax reform is an easy exercise. It is hard, but it has to be part of the conversation.  Here is where we come down: We are having an exercise today, which is not worthless, it is important. It is an exercise in discussing the budget. What Senator Conrad has spelled out are different visions of things. What we find coming from the other side of the aisle is primarily talk about more tax cuts--particularly for the higher income people--in the belief that that is how youspark an economy and get it to go. I disagree with that premise. I think the way to move this forward is for working families and middle-income families to have more spending power. I don't believe we can give more money to the richest people in America and expect the economy to take off.  Also we find that many of the entitlement programs, which have now become critical safety net programs, are victims of the budget resolutions that come to the floor. I cannot imagine what life would be like for 40 million Americans on Social Security with a 39-percent cut--as Senator Paul suggested--in Social Security benefits. Too many of these people are living on their Social Security checks and barely getting by. A 39-percent cut is cruel and unrealistic. I don't think it is going anywhere. And the notion from others that we can keep cutting taxes from the highest income categories, let me say, we will never balance the budget doing it. Never. If we don't balance the budget, we could jeopardize our economic recovery.  We have a cliff we are going to face on December 31. It is a big deal. I cannot remember a time when I have been in the House or Senate when so many things are going to happen in one day. But on December 31, all of the Bush tax cuts expire on the highest income levels as well as the lower and middle-income levels. For example, I think the 10-percent tax rate goes away, and the child tax credit is cut in half. All of these things mean more taxes for every American paying into income tax.  Secondly, we are going to see the end of the payroll tax cut--the 2-percent cut we have had for 2 years that the President put in place.  I could go through the litany. The bottom line is this: We need to start that honest conversation about the deficit now, and we need to put something on the table ready to be discussed. The group of eight--there are four Democrats and four Republicans--has been meeting for a long time. We are trying to put together a bill, something that could actually become law. I don't think it is the last word, but it may be the first word in the debate. If we cannot get anything done before the election, let's hope that the day after the election we can put this on the table and say: Here is our starting point. Let's solve the problem on a bipartisan basis, put everything on the table, and do it in a thoughtful, balanced way.  I think that is what the American people are looking for. They really are. They are beyond the charades of: Oh, this won't touch me, let's hit somebody else. I think everybody realizes we are in the soup together. If we come out of this together, think about where we will be as other Nations around the world are struggling to survive economically. I could go through the list in Europe, but we know it well. We don't want to put ourselves even close to that position.  The debt ceiling expires December 31, or soon thereafter. If we do not renew the debt ceiling, America will have defaulted on its debt for the first time in history. That is totally irresponsible. It is an invitation for the downgrading of our credit rating and the upgrading of the interest rates we pay and the upgrading of the deficit we owe. I hope the statements made by the House Speaker in the last couple of days don't reflect the position of his party when it comes to the debt ceiling. That would be a totally irresponsible act in terms of our economy.  I will join Senator Conrad today in voting against the budget resolution that has come to the floor. But I will say this: I am glad we are having this conversation. We need to have more of them, and we need to have a bipartisan effort with both parties to make sure we deal with the current spending in a responsible way. And equally important, we need to find a way to get past the December 31 cliff in a way that will build the economy and not take away from it.  I yield the floor.  