. businesses export to Africa. Currently, the U.S. export promotion and financing regime is a patchwork of overlapping, loosely coordinated, and maybe in some cases wasteful efforts that are difficult for U.S. businesses to navigate and too often unresponsive to the real needs of real businesses.  This bill creates a special Africa export strategy coordinator to ensure this is no longer the case. He will work with the existing export agencies and make sure they are on the same page. The bill establishes a minimum number of commercial Foreign Service officers to be stationed at U.S. embassies in Africa and the multilateral investment banks. These are the men and women who are contacted by American businesses, wanting to do business. They can navigate them through local government requirements as well as some of the other cultural challenges they might face. The bill formalizes and standardizes the training received by economic and commercial officers. It also incrementally increases the amount of money Ex-Im can loan over the next 10 years and creates a standard of accountability for those loans. Remember, this is only an increase in the lending limit, and these loans actually make money for the U.S. Treasury.  Lastly, the legislation gives the Export-Import Bank greater incentive to aggressively counter concessional loans, below-market loans such as the one I mentioned earlier in the case of Ethiopia and China, that countries such as China often use to undercut our bidding in the process.  After the Prime Minister of Ethiopia explained to me how the Chinese were offering these concessional loans, he then said: But, of course, then we turned around with the telecommunications contract and the Chinese won that too. He said they are winning everything. That is not good news for us. We have the capacity to produce goods and provide services competitive with any nation in the world. But once they have basically become a part of the local economy and once they are part of the local culture, it is difficult for our companies to compete. That, I think, is the real challenge we face.  That is what this bill basically does. I think it not only creates an opportunity to create jobs here, but as has been mentioned by Senator Boozman and Senator Coons, these are developing nations which are reaching alevel of economic maturity. We want to be not only good trading partners but partners with them in the future, developing not only good markets but good values that are consistent with our view of democracy and the participation of people who live in each of these countries.  I would like to yield at this point to Senator Boozman.  