I was thinking, as the Senator from South Dakota spoke about this debate on the floor and what it was like around this Chamber several decades ago when this issue was raised and there was a strong feeling for the Jackson-Vanik provisions which prohibited certain trade between the United States and so-called communist countries of their day, there were those voices on the other side, many from the Heartland such as Senator Thune and myself. Senator Humphrey used to say, sell anything that can't shoot back at us, and that meant a lot of wheat sometimes and other agricultural commodities.  I will speak to that trade relation aspect in a second, but before I do, I want to address an aspect of this bill that is very important to me and should be to every Member of the Senate.  I am honored to be the chair of the Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on the Constitution, Human Rights and Civil Rights. We have had a series of hearings on the issues of human rights and laws in the United States that affect them. I have also been honored to join with Senator Cardin of Maryland who chairs our Helsinki Commission Senate Delegation and has been on several trips overseas. He has made human rights a part of that commission and part of the United States.  One of the aspects of this bill is so important. Sadly today in the country of Russia we are seeing evidence of brutal and horrific treatment of individuals and abuse of human rights. Senator Cardin--who I said earlier is a great voice of human rights in the Senate--introduced legislation in this Congress that would impose U.S. visa bans and asset freezes on those who commit gross human rights violations around the world. That is a Cardin amendment which I thought was a good one. The idea was simple: Those who commit such acts that are so contradictory to American values should not be allowed to visit or stash their wealth in our country, period.  The inspiration of this came from a terrible episode which occurred in Russia. A lawyer named Sergei Magnitsky died a tragic death while in custody in Russia after being arrested for uncovering official corruption. Magnitsky was working for Hermitage Capital, once the largest Russian-only fund in the world. Drawn into the feud between the fund and Russian law enforcement authorities, he testified that senior Russian Interior Ministry officers had used his employer's companies to embezzle $230 million from the Russian treasury.  Later the same police officers he accused arrested him. They held him without bail on charges of evading taxes. After 11 months in custody, repeatedly being denied medical care, he died at age 37. Russia's top investigative commission said that he died of heart disease and hepatitis that he could have survived with basic medical care. A parallel Russian Presidential advisory report said that he may have died because of a beating while in prison.  Over time prison officials were dismissed but got jobs elsewhere. Russian authorities have also occasionally raised the prospect of a more thorough investigation, but they ignored extensive evidence linking police officials to Magnitsky's death. Incredibly, some of those involved have even received medals for meritorious service by the Russian Government.  Sergei Magnitsky's death is part of a deeply troubling retreat on basic political freedom and human rights in Russia. Activists and human rights leaders were harassed, often threatened with new sweeping treason laws for speaking up against fraud, corruption, or denial of basic rights. We saw what happened to Sergei Magnitsky when he tried to speak out against corruption. I am saddened that the leadership of a great nation such as Russia is resorting to these hideous tactics. They are a throwback of the worst of the Soviet era. Our friends the Russian people deserve a vision that looks forward to a new future that includes freedom and human rights, not the past which adds sad chapters of the denial of both of these.  I am pleased today to speak in support of this bill. Unfortunately, it doesn't include the original Cardin amendment. The original Cardin amendment had a global reach and said that we would treat virtually anyone guilty of these crimes the same way, denying visas and freezing their assets in the United States. Incidentally, that provision is said to be similar to an amendment that I just offered on the Defense authorization bill as it related to supporting the M23 rebels causing mayhem in the Congo.  Unfortunately, the new provision modification of Senator Cardin's original limits the activities to those that occurred in Russia. He and I both wish it had gone farther, but often those imposing harsh and arbitrary violations of their own people like to travel and hide their money. They should not be allowed to do it in the United States. If they want to enjoy the benefits of the United States, respect our basic democracy and values.  Let me say a word about the overall bill. It is an important step forward and creates more opportunity for trade. I believe trade opens the doors for exchanges of ideas, people, culture, and opens the doors to democracy.  The United States exported nearly $43 billion in goods to Russia in 2011. My State of Illinois exported $287 million in heavy equipment alone, such as bulldozers and tractors. Extending permanent normal trade relations to Russia will ensure business not only in Illinois but across America to make sure we don't suffer a disadvantage of trade with Russia.  Russia has made a dramatic break with the Soviet past. The United States can help Russia on its path to an even better future, one that is more integrated socially and economically.  I again commend Senator Cardin for ensuring that our Nation's intolerance for human rights violations is not part of this process. And to the many Russian people who are trying to push for a more open and transparent country, we applaud their noble and courageous efforts.  I yield the floor.  