She came to my office last week to discuss the low levels of water on the Mississippi River. This week the National Weather Service reported the river was 4 feet below its average water level at this time of year. I saw it last Friday when I drove over the bridge going from Lambert Airport in St. Louis headed home to Springfield.  If the level keeps decreasing, the river may become too shallow for barge traffic to pass between St. Louis, MO,and Cairo, IL. The Mississippi River is a critical transportation artery for essential commodities, so the financial impact if the river shuts down could reach far beyond the Midwest.  The low water levels are the result of this summer's devastating drought that has been continuing to plague many States in the United States. It has been the worst drought in more than half a century in the Midwest. As of last month, over 60 percent of the United States was experiencing drought conditions still. In my State of Illinois, over 90 percent of the land is still ``abnormally dry'' or worse.  Economists now predict that the drought will cost the government over $12 billion in aid to farmers and ranchers. This is in addition to the cost of destruction caused in late October by Hurricane Sandy, the largest hurricane to ever form in the Atlantic basin. It is estimated that Sandy will cost almost $80 billion in Federal funding for the replacement of homes, infrastructure, and buildings.  Combined, the drought and Sandy will cost the Federal Government tens of billions of dollars at a time when we are talking about our debt. It is the job of Congress and the administration to help these Americans in time of need. Make no mistake about it, we should, we will. But we need to be honest about how we plan for disaster spending. According to a report by the GAO in September, there have been over 540 disaster declarations in the last 8 years requiring over $90 billion in Federal aid. It is time we face facts and state the obvious: Weather is getting worse. Extreme weather events are happening with increased frequency and intensity.  I held a hearing last year to talk about this issue, to examine whether the Federal Government is prepared for this. The answer is no. I did not bring in the environmentalists, did not even bring in the government employees. I brought in the insurance industry, the people who write casualty policies, who are probably more attuned to the weather than anybody. They said many more disastrous weather events will follow, all of them more expensive.  The Federal Government needs to rethink how we protect Federal assets and provide disaster assistance to communities on a more regular basis. Many are saying that 100-year weather events are now happening every 2 or 3 years. But as we debate climate change and global warming, the majority of Americans view the recent extreme weather events as evidence the problem is no longer vague or distant. Many have likened the effects of climate change to those of steroids in baseball. While no one can say that a given home run hit by a player using steroids was the result of the drug, you can attribute the overall increase in the batting average and the number of home runs a player hits during a season to be linked to the use of steroids.  Similarly, though the cause of a single weather event cannot be directly traced to climate change, extreme weather events do serve as a wakeup call that an environmental crisis of global proportion is occurring.  I find it incredible how little we talk about this. When I think about our responsibility in the Senate and Congress, we are almost afraid to bring it up because it is controversial, because some on the right are in complete denial that anything is going on here. The rise in global temperatures has led to rising sea levels, warmer air and, as a result, more extreme weather. It has also led, at the same time--that is why some of this sounds so contradictory--to a decline in the size of the Great Lakes. Lake Michigan is losing water--you can see it on the shoreline--at the same time as we say the oceans are rising.  The National Climatic Data Center just reported that October was the 332nd month in a row of above-average global temperatures. That is over 27 years of warming temperatures. Is that fair warning? I think it is. During the last decade, the United States has experienced twice as many record high temperatures as record lows, and scientists project that record highs will outnumber record lows 20 to 1 by the year 2050.  In May, NOAA reported that America had just lived through the hottest 12 months ever recorded. Even before Sandy and the droughts this year, the United States was still recovering from extreme weather events of last year. In February of last year, Chicago was shut down with 2 feet of snow and 60-mile-an-hour winds when a blizzard hammered the city. It caused 36 deaths, stranded 1,500 people on Lake Shore Drive, which I go back and forth on every day. I still find it hard to imagine: 1,500 people stuck on Lake Shore Drive. It resulted in $3.9 billion in losses.  April was the wettest April in 116 years in the Midwest, forcing the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers to flood thousands of square miles. This is 2011 I am talking about.  There were 326 tornadoes in May throughout the Midwest and Southern United States, resulting in the deadliest May since 1933.  Wildfires burned 3 million acres of property across the Western States causing over $1 billion in damages, and Hurricane Irene devastated the Atlantic coast, causing $4.3 billion in damages, a very small amount compared to Sandy but significant still for those affected.  Nationwide, the financial consequences of weather-related disasters and climate change hit a historic new high last year. U.S. disasters caused over $55 billion in damages. Federal, State, and local governments are paying out more every year in damages and lost productivity. So the question is, as a government, what are we going to do about this? Is this the new normal?  The insurance and defense sectors have looked at the scientific data. They are changing their operations. They are preparing for worse and even bigger losses.  Insurance commissioners in California, New York, and Washington now require companies to disclose how they are working to plot the effects of climate change and their responses. Congress may be in denial, but the real world, the private sector, is not. As the government is the ultimate insurer of millions of Americans in the crop insurance and National Flood Insurance Programs, we have to get serious about addressing the cause and effects of climate change and the solvency and future of these important programs.  Computer models suggest that the storms and heat waves we are seeing will become stronger and more extreme in the future, causing even greater damage. Congress can no longer afford to ignore this issue.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  