President, it was 11 years ago that I introduced a bill called the DREAM Act. Just this last week, I was back in Chicago to attend a fundraising dinner for a group I really respect. It is called the Merit music program. About 20 years ago, when a lady passed away, she left a legacy to the Merit music program, and the legacy said that the money she was leaving and any money that was raised should go into the public schools of the city of Chicago to offer young people a free musical instrument and music lessons if they were interested.  This program has been an amazing success. It turns out it has created an avenue and opportunity many young people never dreamed of having, and some of them have talents that are incredible. I was there at their dinner last week when the violinists came in--kids from all over the public schools of Chicago--and they did a magnificent job. They feel so good about themselves. They develop a talent, and they have a 100-percent college placement rate from the Merit music program. There is a linkage there. I know the Senator from Colorado, who has taken over as our Presiding Officer, knows this, as he was an educator in the city of Denver. Many of these kids for the first time realize that they are worth something, that they can do something and do it well. And it is that confidence and pride that not only takes them through the experience of playing music but the experience of life and the experience of the classroom. It makes a big difference in their lives.  Eleven years ago I got a call from the director of the program, Duffy Adelson. Duffy was there last week. Duffy is a wonderful woman who has committed her life to the Merit music program. She said: I have an issue. One of the students at the Merit music program is an amazing young girl who plays concert piano. She has been accepted at major music schools, including the Manhattan school of Music in New York. She is Korean. Her mother, when she was filling out the application for the Manhattan school of Music, came to the box that said ``citizenship, nationality.''  The girl turned to her mother--her name is Teresa Lee--and said: USA, right?  Her mom said: No. You see, I brought you here when you were 2 years old on a visitor's visa and I never filed any papers. Your dad is a citizen, I am a citizen, and your brother and sister, who were born here, are citizens, but we don't know what your status is.  The daughter said: What are we going to do?  She said: We will call Durbin.  Well, first they called the Merit music program, and then Merit called me, and my staff found out that the law was clear. This young girl, who has spent 16 years in the United States, has to leave the United States for 10 years and then reapply to come back. She must leave for 10 years. That is the law. I thought to myself, the mom didn't file the papers. Mom did something wrong. Why would we not let this young woman do something right?  So when I was drafting the DREAM Act, I said: If you graduate high school and you have no serious problems when it comes to convictions or moral issues and you either complete service in the military or 2 years in college, we will put you on a path--a long path--toward becoming legal and becoming a citizen. That is the DREAM Act.  The DREAM Act has been here for 11 years. I have tried to pass it on the floor repeatedly. I can get 50-plus votes--I did the last time I called it--but the Senate has this magic number of 60, a supermajority. It has even passed the House of Representatives. But I have never been able to put 60 votes together here.  Over the years, the support from the other side of the aisle has been decreasing. As it decreases, it gets more difficult. Over the years, as well, a lot of people have stepped up and spoken on behalf of this DREAM Act. Colin Powell said: We would love to have these young people in our military. Secretaries of Defense, such as Secretary Gates, said the same thing. President Obama was a cosponsor of the bill. These are young talented people who can make a difference. But before I tell you the story of one of them here, I want to tell you the end of the story of Teresa Lee.  Teresa Lee attended the Manhattan school of Music and majored in concert piano. She met and married a young man who was an American citizen, and that made her legal in America. And she played at Carnegie Hall. How about that? Eleven years ago our government's law said she had to leave the country for 10 years. Instead, she came to the Manhattan School of Music, made it through, and has made a success of her life. There were a couple of people who stepped up and made sure that success was a reality in Chicago, and they were with the Merit music program. They had literally underwritten her college education because she couldn't qualify for any help--no Federal loans or grants, nothing--because she wasn't a citizen of the United States. This is a perfect example of a talent that would have been lost or wasted if she hadn't had good circumstances and if we don't have the DREAM Act for others who face the same thing.  Let me tell another story about Ayded Reyes. This is a photo of Ayded Reyes. She is a runner. I learned about her from an article on ESPN.com. Ayded was brought to the United States from Mexico when she was 2 years old. She grew up in San Diego, CA. In high school, she was an honors student who played three sports and was an active volunteer in her community. Among other activities, Ayded volunteered at the Children's Hospital and Sherman Heights Community Center, where she tutored students and worked with the elderly. She was also a member of the National Honor Society and graduated from high school with a 3.98 grade point average. This Senator wishes he could have had an average like that.  Ayded was accepted at the University of California at San Diego, but she was unable to attend for financial reasons. Because she does not have legal status in the United States, Ayded is ineligible for Federal student loans or any other Federal aid. Instead, she attends Southwestern Community College, where she has flourished as a student athlete. She maintains a 3.50 grade point average, and her dream is to become an obstetrician. She has also become the top-ranked women's junior college cross-country runner in the State of California. Among other awards, she has been given Athlete of the Year at Southwestern College and Pacific Coast Athletic Conference Track and Field Athlete of the Year. Ayded has been offered athletic scholarships by more than a dozen top 4-year colleges, but she can't accept them because she is subject to deportation. She is not here legally.  I have spoken to other students who have similar challenges, whose dreams can't be fulfilled unless we give them a chance. Just recently, I heard about a student who didn't know which way to turn, didn't know if the DREAM Act would ever pass, and applied for a visa to take his college education and go to work in Canada. The Canadians welcomed him. We need talent like that in Canada, they said. So they took him and we deported him. Are we a better nation for that? Who got the best of that bargain? A person who was educated in the United States, succeeded in the United States, and dreamed of being an American citizen is now living in Canada. To me, that is not the kind of thing we need to see in our country.  As I said, just because the parents made the mistake, got something wrong, these young people should be given a chance to do something right.  I am going to continue to work on passing the DREAM Act, and I hope I can appeal across the aisle to Republicans as well. Why is this a partisan issue? Don't we all believe we shouldn't punish a young person for the crimes or sins of their adult parent? That is what is at work here. It is a basic question of justice. These young people, such as Ayded, grew up in America pledging allegiance to the flag, believing this was their home. All they want is a chance to make their home--the home of their dreams--a better place.  I hope my colleagues will take the time to meet some of the DREAMers. That is what they call themselves now. They have Web sites. They have stepped out into the light of day to introduce themselves to America. That is our only hope for this passing, where people come to meet these young people and realize what amazing people they are. I think they will understand that giving them a chance is only fair, it is totally American, and it is something we should do as soon as possible.  Mr. President, at this point I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bennet). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  