President, we are in the process of considering the ratification of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. The United States has led the world in creating the legal framework, building an infrastructure and designing facilities that ensure inclusion and opportunities for those living with disabilities.  This year the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, under the leadership of Chairman John Kerry and ranking minority member Senator Richard Lugar, celebrated the 22nd anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act by favorably reporting the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities on a strong bipartisan basis. I want to personally thank Senator Kerry and Senator Lugar for moving the treaty through the committee process. It was a hectic time--campaigns were going on--but they made a point of making certain we brought this issue forward.  A personal thanks to my friend Senator John McCain, who is on the Senate floor at this moment, for making this a bipartisan effort. I also want to thank Senators Barrasso, Harkin, Tom Udall, Moran, and Coons for their bipartisan support and dedication to the passage and ratification of this important treaty.  Now is the time for the full Senate to affirm our Nation's leadership on disability issues by ratifying this important treaty. We should do so with the strong bipartisan support that has always characterized the efforts we have had on disabilities.  The support for this treaty is extremely broad and deep and bipartisan. It is supported by 165 disability organizations, including the U.S. International Council on Disabilities, the American Association of People with Disabilities, the Disability Rights Education and Defense Fund, and the National Disability Rights Network.  In addition, it is supported by 21 different veterans groups, including the Wounded Warrior Project, the American Legion, Disabled American Veterans, and Veterans of Foreign Wars.  President George H.W. Bush, who signed the Americans with Disabilities Act into law, has called for ratificationof this treaty. But there has been no more passionate advocate--and I am so honored that he would consider devoting his energies and good name to our effort for ratification of the treaty--than Senator Bob Dole, a lifelong advocate for disability rights. We need to pass this treaty in a tribute to Bob Dole for his life of service to the State of Kansas and to the Nation, as well as his heroic efforts on behalf of the disabled in the Senate.  These organizations and people of different backgrounds have come together to support ratification of the treaty because they know it is critical for those living with disabilities in the United States and around the world. Thanks to the ADA and similar laws, the United States has been so successful providing opportunities, accessibility, and protection of the rights of those living with disabilities that our Nation is already in full compliance with all terms of the treaty. Before transmitting this treaty, the Obama administration conducted an exhaustive comparison of the treaty's requirements to current U.S. law. Here is what they found: The United States does not need to pass any new laws or regulations in order to fully meet the terms of the treaty. The fact that we have already met or exceeded the treaty's requirements is a testament to our Nation's commitment to equality and opportunity for the disabled.  But there are still important reasons to ratify this treaty. There are more than 5\1/2\ million veterans living with disabilities in the United States. They travel all over the world, often with their families. Ratifying this treaty will help move toward the day when wherever they travel they will be treated with accessibility, with the kind of respect that every person would expect to have in traveling around the world.  Ratifying this treaty will also give the United States a seat at an international table that we currently can't occupy. The United States can sit at the table on disability rights worldwide and provide guidance and expertise based on our experience and leadership. It just stands out like a sore thumb our country hasn't ratified this treaty when over 120 other nations have.  This treaty would also level the playing field for American businesses. American businesses have invested time and resources to comply with the ADA. Businesses in some countries are not required to comply with similar standards. Compliance with the treaty levels the playing field by requiring foreign businesses to meet accessibility standards similar to those of the United States. It will open new markets for new technologies when it comes to disability.  Mr. President, I know you have been a visitor at Walter Reed and Bethesda Naval Center, and you have seen our returning veterans, many who come home after losing a limb. They go through a period of the best rehabilitation, and then they are brought into a laboratory with the latest technology.  A new Congresswoman from Illinois, named Tammy Duckworth--I am so proud of her election victory on November 6--lost both legs in Iraq when she was piloting a helicopter that was shot down. She was a member of the Illinois National Guard, and there was a question whether she would even survive the terrible incident where a rocket-propelled grenade was fired into the fuselage of her helicopter. She survived and has since used Walter Reed Hospital and Bethesda to make certain that she has the very best new prosthetic legs. They were good enough to carry her through a campaign successfully, and now she will be sworn in to the U.S. House of Representatives in just a few weeks.  That kind of technology is being developed for our veterans, as it should be. Ultimately, it will be available to everyone across the United States and around the world. As companies make this new technology enabling amputees a full life, this technology becomes a part of the export of the United States. So there are opportunities here for the United States, as other countries comply with the treaty and develop new prosthetics and other things for their disabled, to have some business opportunities with new and good ideas. American businesses will be able to export their expertise and their products in new markets serving the hundreds of millions of people living with disabilities around the world.  Let me tell you why it is important for us, even though our standards are good and high in helping the disabled, to worry about those with disabilities in other countries. There are estimates that 10 percent of the world's population lives with disabilities. Not only do these people courageously live each day, they live with many challenges and hurdles that could be removed with the right laws and policies that are contained in this convention.  It is hard to believe, but 90 percent of children with disabilities in developing countries never attend school. Less than 25 percent of the countries in the United Nations have passed laws to even prohibit discrimination on the basis of disability. Studies indicate that women and girls in developing countries are more likely than men to have a disability.  Unemployment is dramatically higher for those living in other countries with disabilities. This treaty will help provide the framework so countries around the world can help their own citizens with disabilities live productive, healthy lives. Just like we did by enacting the ADA 22 years ago, ratifying this treaty will send the world a message that people with disabilities deserve a level playing field.  While this treaty will ensure inclusion and access for those living with disabilities, it is also important to note what the treaty will not do. The treaty will not require the United States to appropriate any new funding or resources to comply with its terms--not a single dollar. The treaty will not change any U.S. law or compromise U.S. sovereignty. The treaty will not lead to any new lawsuits because its terms do not create any new rights, and it cannot be enforced in any U.S. court. For families who choose to educate their children at home, the treaty will not change any of the current rights and obligations under American law. I was pleased that in the Foreign Relations Committee they adopted an amendment I worked on with Senator DeMint, a bipartisan amendment, to further clarify this issue.  I also want to address the issue of abortion, which was raised yesterday by one of our former colleagues. Leading pro-life groups, such as the National Right to Life Committee, confirm the treaty does not promote, expand access or create any right to an abortion.  When we tried to move this treaty earlier this year, some objected on the basis the Senate shouldn't ratify a treaty during a lameduck session. Well, we did a little study. I want to note for the record that since 1970, in the last 42 years the Senate has ratified at least 19 treaties during lameduck sessions. There is no procedural or substantive justification for not ratifying this treaty which has broad bipartisan support and could mean so much to those living with disabilities.  Thanks to decades of bipartisan cooperation, our country embodies the worldwide gold standard for those living with disabilities.  In closing, I again salute Senator Bob Dole. He has been on the phone and working it, and I hope in tribute to his Senate career we will ratify this treaty.  I also want to salute a former colleague of mine from the U.S. House of Representatives, Tony Coelho. Tony was the whip of the Democratic caucus when I was first elected, and he has been an amazing advocate for the disabled throughout his public career in the House and ever since. He came to me and asked to help in this effort, and I was happy to say yes to Tony, as I did so many times when I served with him in the House.  I want to add one other person--Marca Bristo. Marca is the leading disability advocate in the city of Chicago. This wonderful young woman was tireless in her wheelchair, wheeling from office to office, begging Members and their staffs to consider voting for this treaty. If and when we pass it--and I hope that is soon--I am going to remember Marca and Tony, and certainly Senator Dole, for all the work they put into this.  When the Senate ratifies this treaty, we can be proud our coworkers, friends, family members, and courageous veterans will soon enjoy the same access and opportunity when they travel abroad that they have come to expect right here in the United States.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  