More than half of us in America use dietary supplements, including this Senator, who, for a variety of reasons, takes a multivitamin tablet every morning. In spite of their popularity, many people would be surprised to learn the Food and Drug Administration doesn't know how many dietary supplements are actually being sold in the United States. Most people don't know if a dietary supplement ingredient presented serious health concerns, the Food and Drug Administration doesn't have the information to track down products containing the harmful ingredient. We assume if it is for sale in America, some government agency has taken a close look to make sure that product is safe and that we know what is inside it and that it wouldn't harm an innocent customer. It turns out that may be true when it comes to prescription drugs and over-the-counter drugs, but the dietary supplement world is a much different world, with minimal regulation.  I have an amendment which I will be offering to ensure the Food and Drug Administration has the information it needs to respond quickly and efficiently when safety concerns arise concerning dietary supplements. This amendment would require dietary supplement manufacturers to give the Food and Drug Administration the name of each supplement they produce, along with a description, a list of ingredients, and a copy of the label. It is not an onerous requirement, but for the first time the Food and Drug Administration would literally have a catalogue of all the dietary supplements being sold to Americans all across the Nation. With this information, the FDA would be better equipped to protect consumers' health and to work with manufacturers to address any problems should they arise.  A 2009 report by the Government Accountability Office found the Food and Drug Administration is limited in its ability to respond to safety concerns because dietary supplement manufacturers don't always provide basic information, such as product names or lists of ingredients. This commonsense amendment I am offering is supported by the Consumers Union, and it would provide the Food and Drug Administration the basic information it needs to protect the public.  Trust me. It will be opposed by certain interest groups. But I heard opposition almost 10 years ago when I introduced a bill to require dietary supplement manufacturers to report serious adverse events, such as hospitalizations or deaths, to the FDA. 