President, I rise to join my colleagues in honoring our friend and colleague who is often regarded as the dean of the women in the Senate, Barbara Mikulski.  Earlier this week Senator Mikulski added to her already long list of accomplishments the distinction of being the longest serving female Member of Congress in the history of the United States of America.  Senator Mikulski's life is a story of the American dream. Raised in a working-class immigrant family in the east Baltimore neighborhood of Highlandtown, Senator Mikulski learned at a young age about the struggles of working families and ethnic Americans and the value of paying it forward.  She helped at her father's grocery store, which opened early in the morning so that steelworkers could buy lunch before their morning shift. She delivered food to seniors and families when parts of her neighborhood were set on fire after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King. At one point she even rode on the top of a tank to deliver the groceries.  Senator Mikulski's roots helped shape her role today as a mentor, fighter, and true public servant. She worked as a social worker for Catholic Charities, helping at-risk children and counseling seniors on Medicare. She had her start in politics as a community organizer and social worker.  In 1970--one side of Barbara Mikulski her colleagues have certainly seen is her dogged determination--she organized Marylanders to stop a 16-lane highway project that would have threatened Fells Point and another neighborhood in Baltimore. She got the job done. Many people say that work helped to save Fells Point and the Inner Harbor, two of the showcase areas in the great city of Baltimore. She gave a speech at Catholic University to a Catholic conference on the ethnic American. It caught the attention not only of people in Baltimore but far beyond its reach as she talked about her family story and the story of millions just like her.  One year later, she ran for and won a seat on the Baltimore City Council--the first step in her now 41-year career in public service.  Over the course of the Senate's 223-year history, there have only been 38 female Members; the first, Rebecca Latimer Felton, of Georgia, was appointed for political reasons to fill a vacancy, and she served only a single day in 1922.  Senator Mikulski has so many firsts in her story of public service. She was the first woman elected to the Senate in her own right--the first--and not because of a husband or father or someone who served before her in higher office. She was the first woman Democrat to serve in both Chambers of Congress--the first. Last year, she was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame for her trailblazing political career, including, with this recognition today, becoming the longest serving woman Senator in the history of our Nation.  Given her years of experience, it is no wonder other Members of Congress have turned to her for guidance, men and women alike.  I can recall so many meetings of our Democratic caucus when, after a long debate involving many people saying many things, Barbara Mikulski would stand and, in a few terse words, get it right. At the end of the day people would say: That is what we ought to do. She has this insight based on her life experience and her ability to try to peel through the layers of the political onion and get to the heart of the issue.  Following the election of a number of esteemed women into the Senate, a lot of reporters deemed 1992 as ``The Year of the Woman.'' Senator Mikulski's response was so typical and so right. This is what she said:       Calling 1992 the ``year of the woman'' makes it sound like      the ``year of the caribou,'' or the ``year of asparagus.'' We      are not a fad, a fancy, or a year.  That was typical Barbara. Senator Mikulski rises above and beyond all that. From her first days in the Senate in 1987, she has fought an uphill battle to address the most important issues of national importance.  First and foremost for her is her family, next is her great State of Maryland. She is a fearless advocate, and I know the Presiding Officer knows that better than most as her colleague from that great State.  She has supported educational initiatives, veterans causes, interstate commerce, access to health care and women's health and fair pay.  The Chair knows the answer to this question, but some of those listening to the debate might not. What was the first bill that the newly elected President Barack Obama signed in the White House with a public ceremony? It was a bill Barbara Mikulski pushed hard for, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act, so women going to work all over the United States--not just in the Senate--would get a fair shake when it comes to the compensation for the jobs they did. It was President Obama's first bill. When he signed it, the very first pen he handed over to Senator Barbara Mikulski. I was there and I saw it.  Championed by Senator Mikulski, the long-awaited and much needed bill clarifies time limits for workers to file unemployment discrimination lawsuits, making it easier for people to get the pay they deserve regardless of race, age or gender.  I wish to start here--but I don't know where I would end--to talk about the important issues she has worked for. Let me talk about health care for a minute. When we set out to pass this historic affordable health care act, Barbara was assigned the job to make sure it connected with the families and workers across America in a very real way, to make sure that at the end of the day we weren't talking to ourselves or engaged in political gibberish but passing a law that could literally change a life for the better. She led that effort and made invaluable contributions to the substance of that bill.  We knew those provisions would be important and that they would work because we knew where Barbara Mikulski came from and we knew where her political heart resides. While it is a milestone to celebrate Senator Mikulski's distinction as the longest serving woman in the Congress, there is a much greater cause for celebration; Senator Mikulski's decades of service to this Nation is an admirable feat for any man or woman.  I extend my congratulations to my colleague and friend Senator Mikulski for this milestone. Thank you for what you have done for the Senate, for the State of Maryland, and for our great Nation.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  