 Three weeks ago we passed a milestone in U.S. agriculture. The U.S. Department of Agriculture celebrated its 150th birthday. I take some pride in that coming from Illinois because it was President Abraham Lincoln who created the U.S. Department of Agriculture. He called it the people's department. Among other things, it became a launch pad for the development of the United States. It was during that same period of the Lincoln Presidency that they started the land-grant college system as well as the Transcontinental Railroad. These things literally settled and united our great Nation.  Since its inception, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has played an important role supporting farmers, investing in rural communities, researching crops, diseases, production practices, increasing energy production, and helping to fight poverty.  Now the Senate is turning to the debate on the 2012 farm bill that will carry forward the vision of our government's role in agriculture for the next 5 years.  While much of the rest of the country has been struggling through a recession, agriculture in America has really remained a bright spot. We have seen record prices and record income in the farm sector.  Last year farm revenues reached $98.1 billion. Times are good, but we cannot afford to forget for a moment that there is inherent risk in farming--risks that many other business do not face. Droughts, floods, wind damage, rain, and pests are just a few of the risks farmers must cope with on a year-to-year basis. Because of the nature of these risks associated with farming and the important role farmers play in food production, the Federal Government, since the days of President Franklin Roosevelt, has long provided a safety net to help farmers in the worst of times. But the need for a safety net must be balanced every time we have a farm bill with the realistic appraisal of the risk facing farmers and acknowledging the resources available from the Federal Government.  The Agriculture Committee, under the leadership of Chairwoman Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, who has done an extraordinary job with Senator Roberts, the ranking Republican, in bringing this bill to the floor, and the broader agriculture community deserve credit for stepping up to find savings in this farm bill, to cut subsidies, and to make sure those savings are dedicated toward good programs and deficit reduction. They make real reforms in agricultural programs. The bill on the floor is a huge step forward in putting our agriculture policy on the right track in light of the fiscal challenges we face. It reforms several titles to help producers better manage their risk, makes key investments in energy and research, ensures programs are in place to help our rural communities grow, and assists those who need to put food on the table. It does all this, and, to the credit of the Agriculture Committee, it still manages to save $23 billion over the next 10 years against what we had projected spending before this bill was introduced.  Gone are the outdated direct payments that went to farmers even when they were having record positive income years. To replace direct payments, the Agriculture Committee has proposed the new Agriculture Risk Coverage Program, known as ARC. ARC is a market-oriented program to build on the principles of the ACRE Program that I authored in the last farm bill and was expanded on in the Aggregate Risk and Revenue Management Act I joined along in with Senator Sherrod Brown, Senator Thune, and Senator Lugar last year.  The biggest change introduced by the ARC Program is that to get a payment, you have to have an actual loss. That may sound odd to people who are observing this from the outside, but this is a fundamental shift in agricultural policy and I think a very wise one. ARC does not guarantee a profit, and it does not make the farmer completely whole, but it smoothes out the downturns and provides the producer time to shift to a new market condition.  Crop insurance protects farmers within any given year. The ARC Program is designed to help manage risk when there are repeated years of low prices or low yields. In other words, it makes the payments when they are needed. And even better, the shift to ARC saves the Federal Government about $15 billion. I congratulate Senator Stabenow for this extraordinary savings as well as many other changes within the bill.  Other portions of the bill make long-term investments that will help strengthen agriculture. The bill increases mandatory spending and reauthorizes and expands several programs in agricultural research. It is a small part of the Agriculture bill but a critically important part of expanding agriculture in America.  This bill creates the new Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research, which leverages public dollars to generate private investment. These investments are going to be important to Illinois producers and major research institutions such as the University of Illinois, Southern Illinois University, and the Peoria Agriculture Lab, as well as several other universities across our State.  The energy title includes mandatory funding for programs to expand bio-based manufacturing, advanced biofuels, and renewable energy. Theseprograms are going to help companies in my State, such as Archer Daniels Midland and Patriot Renewable Fuels. They are going to be able to process and manufacture products in rural America. There are many examples in Illinois of new markets being developed and new jobs being created in rural areas because of the growth of the bio-based industry.  The bill reforms the conservation title to streamline programs and finds additional savings by limiting the number of acres that can participate in the CRP or Conservation Reserve Program.  I have some concerns with these cuts and believe our most environmentally sensitive lands need to stay out of production, but I understand that the committee had a tough assignment to balance our policies with the need to reduce the deficit. This also holds true when it comes to nutrition, and I would like to say a word about the nutrition programs in this bill.  You can almost argue that this is a nutrition and agriculture bill. But it is the farm bill, and it includes many critical nutrition programs.  SNAP is the old Food Stamp Program. It helps those most impacted by the current recession continue to feed their families. You cannot really improve your situation in life if you are hungry. The committee bill takes some steps to reduce fraud in SNAP, and I heartily endorse that. We cannot really argue against those. But I am concerned about rumblings from other Members considering amendments to cut the program more fundamentally and alter the way SNAP works.  Let's be clear. We should not be cutting food assistance at a time when we are setting record poverty levels. In 2010 the United States set a new record with 15.1 percent of the population living in poverty. That is over 46 million people in our country. For them, SNAP, or the Food Stamp Program, is a lifeline.  I invite my colleagues who are anxious to cut these programs to go visit the local pantry, whether it is run by the church or whether it is a food bank in your area, and watch the people coming through the door. Some of them are very poor. Some of them are very elderly. Some of them are coming from work or going to work; they just do not make enough money to feed their families. Now is not the time to cut food assistance for American families. If you need more savings, I encourage my colleagues to look somewhere else in this bill.  While the Agriculture Committee bill makes major reforms, there is still more that can be done. The bill makes no changes to the Sugar Program that forces consumers in America to pay higher prices at the store and costs us jobs in America. I plan to support an effort from several of my colleagues to make some relatively minor changes that will benefit both consumers and businesses.  There is another area that needs further reform. It is the area of crop insurance. Crop Insurance Program costs have risen dramatically over the last several years, even when farm income was rising dramatically. Just last year the Federal Government spent more than $7.4 billion in crop insurance premium support. This does not even account for the amount sent to crop insurance companies--the companies that actually sell the crop insurance--to simply sell the policies. Incidentally, by selling those policies, they get a 14-percent return--not a bad deal.  However, the crop insurance title sees the largest single expansion of any title in the farm bill, without making major efforts to rein in the costs. We can do better. I have joined with my Republican colleague, Senator Tom Coburn, to find additional savings in this title. In our opinion, it is not unreasonable to ask the wealthiest and most prosperous farmers in America to pay a little more for their crop insurance. Right now the Federal Government is subsidizing 62 percent of premium costs for crop insurance. For those who are making over $750,000 a year, a slight reduction in that Federal subsidy is not hard to explain, at least from where I am standing.  I commend my colleagues on the Agriculture Committee for sending us this bipartisan bill. It is a safety net for producers, makes investments in rural America, research, and energy development, protects nutrition programs, and actually cuts spending.  I look forward to working with my colleagues in a bipartisan fashion to debate and pass the 2012 farm bill. I hope they will all join us in voting for the motion to proceed.  I yield the floor.  