President, the United States has led the world in creating the legal framework, building the infrastructure, and designing facilities that ensure inclusion and opportunity for people living with disabilities.  Just recently we celebrated the 22nd anniversary of the ADA--Americans with Disabilities Act--by reporting a treaty out of the Foreign Relations Committee on a strong bipartisan basis. Members of this body now have an opportunity to affirm our Nation's leadership on disability issues by ratifying this treaty. I hope we will do so with strong bipartisan support that has always characterized the Senate's work on disability issues.  Everyone knows the story of when Bob Dole, a disabled veteran from World War II, and Tom Harkin, his Democratic colleague from Iowa, with a disabled member of his family, came together to create the Americans with Disabilities Act. It was an extraordinary bipartisan effort. It did our Nation proud. It gave to disabled people a chance to be in the mainstream and part of America.  One of the people it helped, in addition to 54 million Americans living with a disability, was a fellow named Bob Greenberg. Bob Greenberg was the legendary sportscaster who rose to prominence at Chicago's WBEZ radio station.  At the apex of his career, Bob offered color commentary for Chicago's major sporting events. He interviewed the very best athletes. He analyzed the players. He rifled off stats and box scores that put the game in context.  For his loyal and large Chicago radio audience, Bob Greenberg described sporting events they couldn't see. Bob's story is unique because he couldn't see the games either. Bob Greenberg was blind, but he never let it stop him from achieving his dreams. There is no doubt that laws such as the ADA helped make Bob's road to achieving his dream a little bit smoother. We lost Bob to cancer last summer, but we will never lose the power of his life and his life's story.  Most of us don't give a second thought to crossing the street, reading the newspaper, or describing things we have seen. But for Bob and millions like him, our Nation's commitment to equal access for those living with disabilities has literally expanded their world.  Now we have an opportunity to once again demonstrate our commitment and advance disability rights around the world by ratifying the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. The support for this treaty is broad and bipartisan.  I wish to thank my friend, Senator John McCain of Arizona. He is leading this effort with me to pass this Convention on Disabilities. He is a great ally. Without him we wouldn't have reached this point. I wish to also thank Senators John Barrasso, Tom Harkin, Tom Udall, Jerry Moran, and Chris Coons for their bipartisan support and dedication to ratification.  This treaty is supported by 165 disabilities organizations, including the most prominent, the U.S. International Council on Disabilities, and many others. In addition, 21 veterans groups came and testified. They were the earliest witnesses, and for obvious reasons. Disabled veterans know the limits on life and how important it is to have countries such as the United States and countries around the world opening doors, literally, for them to the future.  The Wounded Warrior Project supports it, as does the American Legion, the Disabled American Veterans, and Veterans of Foreign Wars, and they are all calling on us to ratify this treaty.  President George H.W. Bush signed the ADA into law.  Former Senator Bob Dole, as I mentioned, a lifelong advocate for disability rights, strongly supports this treaty. The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities is a human rights treaty that seeks to ensure that people living with disabilities have the same opportunities as others.  Thanks to the ADA and similar laws, the United States has been so successful at providing opportunities, increasing accessibility, and protecting the rights of the disabled, our Nation today is in full compliance with every term of the treaty I am bringing to the floor.  Before transmitting this treaty, the Obama administration conducted an exhaustive comparison of the treaty's requirements to current U.S. law. Their conclusion was that the United States does not need to pass any new laws or regulations in order to meet the terms of the treaty.  The fact that we already meet or exceed the treaty's requirements is a testament to our Nation's bipartisan commitment to equality and opportunity for those living with disabilities. So why would we ratify a treaty if it is not going to change life in the United States or put any new requirements on the United States?  Well, there are more than 5.5 million veterans living with disabilities--American veterans. They and thousands of other Americans live with disabilities, but they travel, study, work and serve overseas, often with their families. Ratifying this treaty will help to ensure that they enjoy the same accessibility and opportunity they do right here at home.  Ratifying this treaty will give the United States a well-deserved seat at the international table so that the United States can provide its guidance and expertise and experience to other countries working to adopt laws, upgrade infrastructure, and modernize facilities to meet the high standards we already set and met.  American businesses have invested time and resources to comply with the ADA, the Americans with Disabilities Act. Businesses in some countries are not required to comply with similar standards. Compliance with the treaty levels the playing field by requiring foreign businesses to meet accessibility standards similar to those already met by American businesses. We also lead the world in developing accessible products and technology. As other countries comply with this treaty on disability, American businesses will be able to export their expertise and products to the new markets serving more than 1 billion people living with disabilities around the world.  Ratifying this treaty is not only important to the 54 million Americans living with disabilities, it is important to the 10 percent of the world's population living with disabilities. The 650 million people living with disabilities around the world are looking to the United States to join them and show leadership, as we have here at home, on an international basis.  Not only do these people around the world courageously live with disabilities, they live with many challenges and hurdles in other countries that might be removed if other countries follow our lead. Let me tell you just a few things when it comes to disabilities around the world. Ninety percent of children with disabilities in developing countries do not attend school--90 percent. Less than 25 percent--45 of the 193--of countries in the United Nations have passed laws that prohibit discrimination on the basis of a person's disability. Studies indicate that women and girls in developing countries are more likely than men to have a disability. Women and girls with disabilities in developing countries are more likely to be raped, forcibly sterilized, or physically abused.  This treaty will help provide the framework so countries around the world can help their own citizens living with disabilities improve, live productive, healthy lives. Just as we did by enacting the ADA 22 years ago, ratifying this treaty will send the world a message that people with disabilities deserve a level playing field.  While this treaty will ensure inclusion and access, it is also important to note what it will not do. The treaty will not require the United States to appropriate any new funds or resources to comply with its terms--not a penny. The treaty will not change any U.S. law or compromise our sovereignty. The treaty will not lead to new lawsuits because its terms do not create any new rights and it cannot be enforced in any U.S. court. For families who choose to educate their children at home in the United States, the treaty will not change any current rights or obligations. I was pleased that the Foreign Relations Committee adopted an amendment I worked on with Senator DeMint to clarify that particular issue. Let me add too that leading pro-life groups, such as the National Right to Life Committee, confirm that the treaty does not promote, expand access, or create any right to an abortion. Senator McCain, in his testimony before the committee, made that eminently clear. He is pro-life. This treaty has no impact on that issue.  Thanks to decades of bipartisan cooperation, our country embodies the worldwide gold standard for those living with disabilities. When the Senate ratifies the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, we can be proud that our coworkers, friends, family members, and courageous veterans will soon enjoy the same access and opportunity when they travel abroad that they have come to expect here at home.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 6, Treaty Document 112-7; that the treaty be considered as having advanced through the various parliamentary stages up to and including the presentation of the resolution of ratification; that any committee declarations be agreed to as applicable; that any statements be printed in the Record as if read; further, that when the vote on the resolution of ratification is taken, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action and the Senate then resume legislative session.  