President, pending on the Senate calendar today for consideration is the nomination of Tom Durkin to serve on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District Court of Illinois.  Tom Durkin is a consensus bipartisan nominee. Senator Kirk and I strongly support his nomination. We believe he has all of the necessary attributes to be an effective Federal judge. Our view was shared by bipartisan screening committees in Illinois. Senator Kirk's committee, and my own committee, recommended Tom Durkin.  It is no secret that he has the qualifications, independence, and integrity to serve in a distinguished manner on the bench. The nonpartisan American Bar Association has awarded Mr. Durkin its highest rating of unanimously well-qualified.  Throughout his career Tom Durkin has demonstrated strong leadership in his community and a solid commitment to public service.  A native of Chicago, Tom received his bachelor's degree with honors from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and received his J.D. with honors from DePaul University College of Law. After graduating from law school, he served for 2 years as law clerk to the Honorable Stanley J. Roszkowski, a personal friend of mine, and an excellent judge for the District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.  Following his clerkship, Mr. Durkin joined the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois where he worked for 13 years and served in numerous leadership positions, including first assistant U.S. attorney. He joined the law firm of Mayer Brown as a partner in 1993 where he works to this day. His practice concentrates on complex commercial litigation and criminal defense. He has received numerous awards, including listings in ``The Best Lawyers in America'' and ``Illinois Super Lawyers.''  Mr. Durkin also has an impressive record of community service. He served for 9 years on the board of Legal Assistance Foundation in Chicago, and for nearly a decade he was the chair of Mayer Brown's pro bono committee. He has also taught as an adjunct professor of law at DePaul and at the John Marshall Law School.  Tom Durkin was reported out of the Judiciary Committee by a unanimous vote on August 2, 4\1/2\ months ago. I am relieved we are finally moving ahead with his confirmation. This vacancy, incidentally, has been declared a judicial emergency, and I am glad it is now going to be filled.  In closing, I wish to note that he comes from an extraordinary family, well known throughout Chicago, and especially in legal circles. There is only one black sheep in the family; it is Tom's brother, Jim, a Republican State representative who ran against me for the Senate in 2002 the famous Durkin-Durbin race in Illinois. But we ended that race friends. I have great respect for Jim and Tom Durkin and for their whole family.  I wish Tom Durkin the very best and commend his nomination to my colleagues. I believe he will be an excellent Federal court judge and I am glad he and several other Federal district court nominees are going to be confirmed this week. 