President, I want to add my voice to the well-deserved chorus of congratulations for our colleague and friend from Vermont.  Senator Patrick Leahy is the last remaining member of a historic class in the U.S. Senate, the class of 1974, better known as the ``Watergate babies.'' And he has been making history ever since.  Casting 14,000 votes in the Senate is kind of like joining the 3,000 Hit Club in baseball. It is an achievement many dream of but few actually reach.  More important than the number of votes Senator Leahy has cast, however, is the wisdom and courage of his voting record.  It has been my privilege to serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee for more than 15 years. During that time Senator Leahy has been either our committee chairman or its ranking member.  I have the greatest respect for Patrick Leahy's fidelity to the rule of law and his determined efforts to safeguard the independence and integrity of America's Federal courts. He is a champion of human rights at home and abroad.  I congratulate him on this milestone. As an old friend of his might say, just keep truckin' on.  Mr. President, I also want to congratulate another friend and colleague, Senator Richard Lugar from Indiana.  Senator Lugar knows that wisdom is not the exclusive property of any one political party.  He bases his political decisions not on polls or the passions of the day but on what his conscience and his own careful study tells him is right.  Two years ago, Dick Lugar joined me in asking the President not to deport young people who were brought to this country at a young age by their parents.  When the DREAM Act was on the Senate floor a year and a half ago, Senator Lugar was one of three Republicans who voted in support.  He coauthored the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Act--one of the most visionary and courageous bipartisan achievements in recent time.  His work on the Global Fund has helped the United States meet its commitment to the single most powerful tool in the fight against AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.  Senator Lugar has served six terms in the Senate, and he will be missed.  