President, I wish to say a word about the tragedy that occurred in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 where we lost a dedicated ambassador and three other American lives. It was awful. It has been nearly a decade since we lost an ambassador in service to our country, and it is something we are looking at with a great deal of sadness and sorrow that these individuals who dedicated their lives to America were killed in the course of duty. But this has gone from a tragedy in Benghazi to a major political debate in America.  Part of it was explainable because it was in the closing days and weeks of a Presidential campaign when many times issues that don't reach national prominence become prominent because of the attention being paid to the candidates. And a lot has been said back and forth, and I have tried, as have other Members of Congress, to understand exactly what happened on September 11 in Benghazi. It is difficult because there wasn't a gathering of evidence immediately. Investigations were undertaken. It was chaotic at the scene that evening, and, sadly, many of the witnesses who could help us understand have disappeared into the night. But the effort has been undertaken to find out what occurred, to find out whether there was adequate protection for the Ambassador and his staff and, if not, what we should have done. I understand these tragedies require careful examination.  I was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives when 235 U.S. marines died in a Marine Corps barracks bombing in Beirut, Lebanon. You bet we asked questions of the Reagan administration, as we should when we lose innocent American lives overseas as we did in Lebanon and as we did in Libya. What troubles me is the level the debate has reached. It has now reached a level of vilification and accusation which is unwarranted by the evidence.  This week we met in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in a closed, classified setting and went through meticulously the timeline that led up to the death of the Ambassador and staff as well as what followed. It is being reported as it is being gathered, and there are additional reports that will be forthcoming.  Early next month we are expecting the Accountability Review Board of the Department of State to issue its report. We know, following that, other committees of jurisdiction--the Intelligence Committee, Foreign Relations Committee, and others--will certainly call in witnesses and ask questions, as they should, as they must.  What troubles me is that on the floor of the Senate during the course of this week, there have been accusations made of individuals that have gone far beyond anything the evidence could suggest.  We owe it to the cause of justice and to the lives that were lost to do this professionally and honestly, without political rancor. The President was right yesterday when he said of our U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, she ``hasdone exemplary work. She has represented the United States and our interests in the United Nations with skill and professionalism, with toughness and grace.'' And ``to go after the U.N. ambassador,'' he said, ``who had nothing to do with Benghazi, and was simply making a presentation based on intelligence she had received, and to besmirch her reputation is outrageous.''  I agree with him. We owe it to her and to everyone involved in every Federal agency to get the facts before us before we point a finger of blame. If there is blame, let us make certain it is apportioned to those who deserve it rather than to make wild charges against many others.  My good friend Senator John McCain--and he really is my friend; he and I debated on the floor many times--but he said something I want to quote from 2005, when there were criticisms of Condoleezza Rice who was being considered for the office of Secretary of State. He said, ``So I wonder why we are starting this new Congress with a protracted debate about a foregone conclusion. . . . I can only conclude we are doing this for no other reason than lingering bitterness at the outcome of the elections. . . . We all have varying policy views, but the President, in my view, has a clear right to put in place the team he believed would serve him best.''  I agree with Senator McCain's statement. Let's get the facts together. Let us find out what truly occurred. Before we point the finger of blame on any person in our government, let's make certain we do so with the knowledge of the facts and the evidence that we can gather. We owe it to the Ambassador, his family, and all the others who were either injured or lost their lives in this occurrence.  I urge my colleagues to focus on the report due in December from the Accountability Review Board and to attend the hearings that will undoubtedly follow on this issue. We need a constructive discussion on how we can ensure that our brave diplomats can work effectively in some of the most dangerous parts of the world.  Susan Rice is a dedicated public servant who has tirelessly pursued the interests of the United States at the United Nations, ranging from sanctions on Iran to advancing the actual effort in the Security Council to oust former Libyan strongman Muammar Qaddafi. She deserves fair treatment, as everyone does in our government.  I yield the floor.  