President, I thank Senator Alexander of Tennessee and Senator Enzi of Wyoming, cosponsors of this measure and participants in this colloquy on the floor today. I am sorry I wasn't here at the outset, but I am grateful for their participation and comments they have made, and especially for their commitment to this cause.  I think Senator Enzi--and I would give special thanks to Senator Alexander, who stepped in at a very important moment and helped us craft a part of this bill--helped us craft an agreement on this bill and brought some new approaches to it which have been extremely helpful.  The notion of offering this as an amendment is a show of good faith on our part and a show of commitment to the seriousness and the importance of this issue. The fact that many Democrats and Republicans can join together in this bipartisan manner is an indication that this bill cuts across party lines. I think it gets down to a basic issue, as it says, of fairness.  The economy is clearly getting better. There are better days ahead; jobs are being created and our economy is growing stronger. There may be times when the job numbers are disappointing and the stock market stumbles, and we continue to face challenges in Europe and other places, but we are improving.  Businesses in Illinois and across the country are starting to see customers come back. Small retailers in my home State of Illinois are pushing the slogan ``buy local'' in their effort to urge consumers to come back to local stores, farmers markets, and shoe stores, instead of buying online. These efforts support local brick-and-mortar sellers who contribute to the community in so many different ways. They sponsor the local baseball teams, they collect sales and use taxes that pay for services such as fire, police, and trash collection, and they provide good-paying local jobs.  While these efforts have been successful, many local retailers share with me how frustrating it is to lose business because online retailers have a built-in advantage that I have seen firsthand. While local Main Street businesses collect State and local taxes and use taxes, their online competitors don't. In Illinois, this can mean an 8-percent differential in price. This encourages customers to buy everything from electronics to books online to avoid paying sales tax and use taxes.  A couple examples:  Bob Naughtrip, owner of Soccer Plus in Palatine and Libertyville, IL, describes how his biggest online competitor can offer a discount of more than $10,000 because it doesn't have to collect sales and use taxes. Bob sells sporting equipment to local sports clubs, and it is not unusual for these clubs to make purchases that exceed $100,000 a year. He can't compete when the competition has a $10,000 price advantage, so he loses the business.  Matt Lamsargis, owner of the Springfield Running Center--a person I have come to know--and Bob Thompson, owner of BikeTek, both in my hometown of Springfield, told me when I visited their small businesses last year they are victims of ``showrooming,'' they call it. They lose business when customers walk into the store, look around, maybe even try on the clothing and shoes or even get fitted just right,write down a few numbers, then walk out the door and order the product over the Internet at a discount, because the Internet seller doesn't collect sales tax and these local retailers have to. Ironically, some of the customers, dissatisfied with their online purchases, come back to the same store to complain about a product they didn't even buy there. So we have got to find a way to make this a fairer marketplace.  Why can't State and local governments require online retailers to collect sales and use taxes? For 20 years, State and local governments have been prohibited from enforcing their own sales and use tax laws because of a Supreme Court decision in Quill v. North Dakota where the Court clearly stated that only Congress has the authority to solve this problem.  Last year, Senator Enzi, Senator Alexander, and I introduced the Marketplace Fairness Act with additional cosponsors. We now have 13 bipartisan sponsors. This bipartisan group of Senators understands that to truly help small businesses grow and create jobs, we need to make sure they compete on a level playing field. The Marketplace Fairness Act would do that. That is why it is being filed as an amendment to the Small Business Jobs and Tax Relief Act.  Our amendment is about saving Main Street businesses and the jobs provided by those businesses. This bill does not mandate the States but it allows States, if they choose, to require online and brick-and-mortar retailers to play by the same sales tax rules. The bill eliminates the built-in price advantage that has distorted the market for 20 years.  It includes, as Senator Enzi recently said, a small seller exemption for those selling less than $500,000 worth of commodities a year. If Grandma Bennet's apple butter is being cased up and sold to the tune of $10,000 or $20,000 a year online because her smart grandson has given her advice on how she can retail this online, she doesn't have to start collecting sales tax until she has sold $500,000 worth of goods; in the next year, she collects sales tax. So we are trying to be sensitive to smaller businesses and, as Senator Enzi said, startup businesses.  This bill includes 240 organizations. I ask unanimous consent that the list of those organizations be printed in the Record after my remarks.  