 The FDA is an essential guardian of the public's health and safety.  In the past few years, FDA has faced obstacles that call on the agency to adapt and respond to the evolving nature of reviewing, manufacturing, and distributing drugs and devices.  Some of those obstacles and challenges are addressed in the reauthorizations of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act and the Medical Device User Fee Act, which are set to expire at the end of September 2012.  Last fall, I visited Cook Medical's medical device plant in Canton, IL, and representatives expressed concern about the amount of time it takes medical devices to be reviewed.  FDA needs sufficient time to review medical devices in order to ensure their safety and effectiveness. However, inefficiencies and insufficient resources can result in longer review times, which means patients have to wait longer to benefit from new medical devices.  This bill makes key changes to maintain the safety of devices and preserve our country's leadership in biomedical innovation.  The bill will authorize the FDA to collect almost $600 million in user fees over 5 years. FDA can use these additional resources to help hire and train staff.  Furthermore, the bill makes important improvements by streamlining the review process for devices and increasing communication between the FDA and device manufacturers throughout the review process.  These changes to the review of medical devices will not only help innovative device companies get their product to market faster but will prevent patients from having to wait extra weeks and months to benefit from a new device.  In addition to reauthorizing the Prescription Drug and Medical Device User Fee Acts, this bill also establishes the Generic Drug User Fee Act and Biosimilar User Fee Act, which give FDA new authority to collect user fees for generic and biosimilar drugs.  Currently the FDA does not collect user fees to support the review of generic drugs, and it takes about 30 months for the agency to review generic drug applications. This extra time reduces access to safe, affordable generic drugs and leaves patients and taxpayers paying the tab for brand-name drugs that lack competition from generics.  Since the first Prescription Drug User Fee Act was enacted in 1992, the FDA began collecting user fees to support the review of applications.  FDA has cut the review time for new drugs by 60 percent, from 2 years to a little over 1 year.  Similarly, the Generic Drug User Fee Act will give FDA the support it needs to cut the current 30-month review time for generic drugs down to 10 months.  This improvement will promote competition in the marketplace and save money by reducing the amount of time patients have to wait for less expensive generic alternatives to brand-name drugs.  The process of negotiating and drafting this legislation started 18 months ago, and the result is a comprehensive bill that improves the safety and quality of drugs and medical devices.  Chairman Harkin and Senator Enzi have put together a bill that responds to many of these challenges, including one that is of particular interest to me--the national shortage of critical drugs.  Between 2006 and 2010 the drug shortage increased 200 percent--from 56 to178 drugs. Currently the drug shortage includes over 200 drugs, such as intravenous nutrition supplements, cancer treating drugs, and anesthesia.  Over the past few months, I have held three roundtable discussions at hospitals across Illinois to learn about the drug shortage and how it is affecting providers and patients. From these discussions it is clear that the drug shortage is being felt at most hospitals, and those Illinois hospitals, providers, and pharmacists are working around the clock to ensure patients maintain access to drugs and safe treatments.  At Advocate Hospital in Libertyville, a doctor shared that he learned just days before starting a patient on chemotherapy that the drug was not available. Unfortunately, this is a common scenario across the country as doctors learn days before starting a treatment or even once the patient is on the hospital bed that a drug is not available.  Pharmacists now spend part of each day scrambling to find drugs or an alternative treatment.  I recently learned that a young woman on my staff here in DC is all too familiar with the drug shortage. She is a smart and hardworking woman who has been taking Concerta to treat her ADD since she was 14. Like most people with severe ADD, she must take her medicine at a certain time every day in order to keep their ADD symptoms from impeding basic life and work responsibilities. And while there are several ADD drugs on the market, each drug works differently and can have different side effects, so switching to a new prescription is not without risk.  Last year, the local CVS where she usually had her prescription filled started telling her they didn't have her drug in stock. She didn't think much of it, as she would wake up early and walk to another CVS in the morning where she was usually able to get the prescription.  Over time, she grew accustomed to going between these two CVS pharmacies to fill her prescription until one month when she carried her prescription with her for 3 days and was unable to find a pharmacy with enough Concerta to fill her 30-day prescription. By the end of day 3, she was out of her supply. She woke up early and rode her bike to four or five CVS pharmacies until she was able to find a pharmacy that could fill her prescription. But by then it was 12 o'clock and past the prescribed time to take the drug.  The shortage of ADD drugs impacts children, adults, parents, and employees across the country.  Congress must take action to address the drug shortage.  The FDA Safety and Innovation Act builds on Senator Klobuchar's bill, with key provisions to curb the national drug shortage.  First, the bill requires drug manufacturers to notify the FDA 6 months in advance for certain drug shortages.  With this much notice, the FDA can work with manufacturers to try to avoid a shortage and, when necessary, identify alternative sources of the drug to ensure we maintain a supply for patients.  This winter, thanks to open communication between the FDA and drug companies, the FDA successfully avoided a shortage of methotrexate, a vital drug to treat leukemia with children.  FDA collaborated with Illinois-based generic drug manufacturer Hospira to increase production of this lifesaving drug when another company halted production.  Requiring 6 months' advance notice of a drug shortage will help the FDA to work with companies to avoid shortages of critical drugs.  Furthermore, the bill requires FDA to enhance the agency's response to shortages and will improve reporting of shortages by allowing third parties to report drug shortages to the FDA.  This bill also takes steps to improve the safety of drugs and the drug supply chain.  In 2008, serious injuries and 81 deaths were linked to contamination of the crucial blood thinning drug heparin. The source of the contamination was a facility in China that intentionally adulterated the drug. This was a horrible illustration of what happens when adulterated and counterfeit drugs make their way into the drug supply chain and ultimately to patients.  This case has also raised serious questions about the global manufacturing practices of drugs and drug ingredients and the FDA's responsibility to protect the drug supply chain. Since the heparin incident, the global nature of the drug supply chain has only grown. Today, 80 percent of active pharmaceutical ingredients are manufactured outside of the United States.  This bill improves the safety of our supply chain both domestically and internationally by requiring foreign manufacturers to register their facilities with the FDA.  The bill also places greater responsibility on U.S. drug manufacturers to know their international suppliers and increases penalties for intentionally contaminating or counterfeiting drugs.  Counterfeit and adulterated drugs can have deadly consequences, yet the penalty for committing these crimes is less than the penalty for selling a counterfeit designer purse. Currently, the penalty for intentionally counterfeiting or adulterating a drug is no more than 3 ears in prison or a $10,000 fine or both. This bill raises the penalty for intentionally adulterating a drug to no more than 20 years in prison or a $1 million fine or both. And the penalty for intentionally counterfeiting drugs is raised to no more than 20 years in prison or a $4 million fine or both.  This bill addresses the drug shortage, reduces the review time for medical devices and drugs, improves the pipeline for antibiotics and pediatric drugs, and helps secure the supply chain for prescription drugs.  I thank Chairman Harkin and Senator Enzi for their extraordinary leadership and hard work on this bill.  