Some of us call it individual responsibility. And we did the same, when it came to health care reform, keeping in mind if people currently have health insurance and like their doctor, like their hospital, we are not going to change their lives one bit. But for those who are out in the marketplace, the availability of health insurance would be there, but everyone has the responsibility to buy it.  We don't think twice when we have a closing on a home. We need fire insurance on this home. My home has never burned down, thank goodness, but I buy fire insurance. That is individual responsibility so there is something to pay the mortgage off if the house burns down.  But in this circumstance what I understand Governor Romney to say is we don't think insurance companies should discriminate against people with preexisting conditions. OK, I am with him. But then he goes on to say--I think the point the Senator made--let's kind of bear on this for a minute--what he goes on to say is so long as people have had continuous insurance.  What if a person was unlucky enough to lose a job? Out of luck. Their preexisting conditions just disqualified them from health insurance. They are stuck, under the Romney approach. What if they had any kind of interruption whatsoever in their insurance coverage? They are dead in the water. So when we talk about taking uninsured people, bringing them into insurance that has quality to it, quality coverage where they cannot discriminate against people, we are saying whatever their previous insurance experience we are all going to get into this together. We are all coming into the tent together and they cannot be discriminated against because they are a woman, had a baby--all the different things they have used.  So when we listen closely to it, here was Governor Romney basically saying he is against the discrimination on preexisting conditions, but then footnoted down at the bottom of the page--as long as people have had continuous coverage. It is an empty promise. It doesn't give people anywhere near the protection and insurance that ObamaCare gives. That is what I understand to be the difference.  Is that the way the Senator understands Governor Romney's clarification of his statement of yesterday?  