 It is also an indication of why we need to continue our vigilance over this industry to make certain that the right market forces prevail. Crowd-funding, where they try to get a lot of small investors in a hurry, brings organized fleecing to the Internet, letting the next generation of Ponzi players go viral.  Let's call this crowdfunding for what it is. It is Internet gambling, and the odds will never favor the investor. When these wired Willy Lomans are finished exploiting the unsuspecting investors out of their savings, their retirements and their homes, guess what will happen. Congress will be called on again to come in with a reform bill to clean up the mess and repeal this pitiful package until the next wave of deregulation is called for by those who are inspiring this piece of legislation.  I know who ends up holding the bag when the deregulators have their day. I know who ends up losing when we open the so-called market forces without oversight transparency. First, ordinary folks investing their savings in something that looks like a good idea, trying to recover from the beating they took in the market, trying to rebuild their retirement accounts, buying worthless stock in worthless companies that is being invited by many of the provisions in this bill.  Then, when it certainly goes to the bottom, when everyone is desperate, no one knows which way to turn, who will step in? Taxpayers and Congress. We will be called on to clean up this irrational exuberance that is supposedly going to create new jobs. I think we got it right. I think the standard we have now establishes the transparency and accountability which we need to demand of every aspect of the marketplace.  Certainly, we can change some of these laws. We can be mindful and sensitive to some aspects of it. But this bill goes entirely too far. There will be a substitute offered. I am working with several of my colleagues: Senator Jack Reed, Senator Carl Levin, Senator Jeff Merkley, Senator Michael Bennet, Senator Mary Landrieu, and others to put a provision forward, a substitute, which makes the changes to allow capital formation but does not take down the basic protective regimen we have established in the law for those who are in this industry.  We make a serious mistake and we ignore history if we turn our backs on 80 years of this government stepping up to make sure the marketplace in America was safe for investors, to make certain the person selling a stock was actually a well-qualified person,registered so they knew what they were doing and were held accountable for any wrongdoing, to make certain that companies we buy stock in actually exist, and to make certain those who are the most vulnerable in America do not lose everything because this Congress decided to look the other way because someone wants to take a profit out of an idea.  This is an important measure. Every day, the Republican leaders came to the floor and said: Call it immediately. Let's go. Let's get it done. We need to at least take the time to reflect on it, to offer an alternative to it, and to do something which is exceedingly rare on the floor of the Senate, have a debate. How about that? The Chair was engaged in debate in his youth. He knows that perhaps good ideas can be exchanged in that process.  The closest we have to debates now is 2 minutes, equally divided. That does not cut it, not for the Senate and not for a bill of this importance. I urge my colleagues, before they rush to judgment, that because it passed the House with a big measure, that it certainly has to be a good bill, take the time to read it.  Many people, including myself, who years ago were lured into the repeal of Glass-Steagall because of the notion of letting 1,000 flowers bloom, realized what happened. When it was all over, there were no flowers. Unfortunately, what was left was the rubble of the recent recession. It is time for us to vow not to make that mistake again.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  