Sometimes it happens quickly; more often it takes a long time.  My personal story that kind of leads when it comes to examples is the DREAM Act, which I introduced 11 years ago. This was legislation that addressed a problem I learned about from my Chicago office. We got a phone call. The phone call was from a mother. She was Korean American and she ran a drycleaners. In Chicago, 75 percent or more of the drycleaning establishments are owned by Korean families. She came to this country years before, brought her little girl with her, and then raised a family, and she became an American citizen.  Fast forward to her little girl who became a musical prodigy. In fact, she was in demand at some of the best music institutions in America, including the Julliard School of Music and the Manhattan Conservatory of Music, offering her admission to come and develop her skills as a concert pianist. As her daughter filled out the form to apply to these schools, she turned to her mother and said: Where it says ``nationality'' what should I write? Her mother said: I don't know. We never filed any papers for you after you came to America. The daughter said: What can we do? The mother said: We can call Durbin.  So they called my office and we checked with the Immigration Service. They came back and said, the law is very clear that when a child is brought to this country and through no fault of their own is undocumented, the law is clear they have to leave for at least 10 years. They have to go back to wherever they were before or anywhere they want to go, but they can't be here. I thought to myself: This girl did nothing wrong. Mom and dad didn't file the papers and here she is in this predicament.  So I introduced the DREAM Act. It has five simple provisions. Here is what it says: If you came to the United States as a child, if you have been a long-term U.S. resident, if you have good moral character, if you graduate from high school and you either complete 2 years of college or serve in the U.S. military, we will put you on a path to become a citizen of the United States. You have to earn it. We are not going to give it to you, but we are going to give you that chance. Just because mom and dad may have done an illegal act, we will not hold you as a child responsible for it.  The net result of this bill, when it becomes law, will strengthen our military--and we have the support from military leaders all across the United States; they want these young men and women to enlist. They will bring diversity and talent to the military. It will also mean they will be contributing to America with their higher education. They are going to be tomorrow's doctors and engineers, soldiers and teachers. We don't want to lose their talents. We don't want them educated in America for 13 years and then cast aside. We want them to stand and be part of our future and make us a stronger Nation.  Keep in mind that for most of these students it comes as a shock when they finally ask the questions and get the answers and realize the flag they have been pledging allegiance to every single day is not the flag of their country. They are people without a country. That is what the DREAM Act is about--to give them a chance.  We have asked the Obama administration on a bipartisan basis to not deport these eligible young people, for they have done nothing wrong. If they do something wrong, it is another story. But if they have done nothing wrong, don't focus on deporting them. What we are trying to do is to give them a chance--just a chance--to earn their way to the American dream. I think the administration's new deportation policy is sensible and I think these young people deserve a chance.  I can give these speeches for a long time and they don't mean much until we meet the DREAM Act students. Let me show my colleagues two handsome young men from Illinois: Carlos and Rafael Robles. I met them both. Carlos and Rafael were brought to the United States by their parents when they were children. Today, Carlos is 22, Rafael is 21. They grew up in suburban Chicago in my home State of Illinois. They graduated from Palatine High School where they were both honor students. In high school, Carlos was the captain of the tennis team and a member of the varsity swim team. He volunteered with Palatine's physically challenged program where every day he helped to feed lunch to special needs students. Carlos graduated from Harper Community College and is now attending Loyola University in Chicago majoring in education. His dream is to become a teacher. Do we need more good teachers in America? You bet we do.  Listen to what one of Carlos's high school teachers said about him:       Carlos is the kind of person we want among us because he      makes the community better. This is the kind of person you      want as a student, the kind of kid you want as a neighbor and      friend to your child, and most germane to his present      circumstance, the kind of person you want as an American.  One of Carlos's college professors wrote and said:       He is, very simply, the finest student I have ever had the      opportunity to mentor.  Rafael, his younger brother, has a lot in common with Carlos. In high school, Rafael was captain of the tennis team and a member of the varsity swim team and soccer team. He graduated again from Harper Community College--understand these young men would attend college in America with no Federal assistance--none. They have to pay for it out of their pocket. So he graduated from Harper Community College. Now he is at the University of Illinois in Chicago where he is majoring in architecture.  Here is what one of Rafael's teachers in high school said about him:       Rafael is the kind of person I have taught about in my      Social Studies classes--the American who comes to this      country and commits to his community and makes it better for      others. Raffi Robles is a young man who makes us better.      During my 28 year career as a high school teacher, coach, and      administrator, I would place Raffi in the top 5 percent of      all the kids with whom I have ever had contact.  Here is the unfortunate part of the story about these two amazing young men. They were both placed in deportation proceedings. I asked the administration to consider their request to suspend their deportations and they agreed to do it, for the time being. I think it was the right thing to do. Carlos and Rafael are represented by volunteer lawyers in Chicago.  After I met Carlos and Rafael, they sent me a letter asking Members of Congress to support the DREAM Act, and here is what they said:       We ask you today to see it in your heart to do the right      thing, to listen, and to reward the values of hard work and      diligence, values that made America the most beautiful and      prosperous country in the world and that we're sure got you,      as members of Congress, to where you are today in life. These      are values we have come to admire and respect in the American      people. We will continue to uphold these values until the      last of our days--we hope eventually as citizens of the      United States, a country we now see as home.  So I ask my colleagues who are critical of the administration's deportation policy or have difficulties with the DREAM Act, Would America be a better place if Carlos and Rafael are deported? Of course not. These two young men grew up here, they were educated here, they have done well here, they have earned their way here. They want to be part of our future.  They are not isolated examples. There are literally thousands of them just like Carlos and Rafael across this country.  When I introduced this bill 11 years ago, and I would give a speech like this and leave a hall, I could count on, if it were nighttime, someone standing by my car quietly as I approached and started to leave. They would ask me: Senator, can I speak to you for a minute.  Sure.  Senator, I am one of those students.  They were afraid of being deported if they raised their hand and identified themselves at the meeting. That has all changed now, and it has changed for the better. These young men and women are courageously stepping forward to identify themselves. It is no longer a mystery of who they are or what they want to be. They are real flesh and blood. They are children. They are the people you sit next to in church. They are the folks who are working hard next to your son or daughter in the library at school. You are cheering them on on the football field. You are watching them lead the USC Marching Trojan Band. You are watching as they are aspiring to become tomorrow's scientists, engineers,doctors, lawyers, and teachers. They deserve a chance, and we should give them that chance by passing the DREAM Act.  I hope my colleagues will consider doing that as quickly as possible. They want peace of mind, they want a future, and we need them in America's future.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. McCaskill). The Senator from North Carolina.  