President, I will support the Feinstein-Paul amendment. This amendment would make it clear that Congress has not authorized the indefinite detention of American citizens or lawful permanent residents apprehended in the United States without charge or trial. This is a common-sense amendment that should be completely noncontroversial. It has long been understood that is unconstitutional to indefinitely detain someone apprehended in the United States without charge or trial. Indeed, the fifth amendment of the Constitution provides simply that ``no person shall be . . . deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law.''  Indefinite detention in the United States is not just unconstitutional, it is unnecessary. Look at the track record. Since 9/11, our counterterrorism professionals have prevented another terrorist attack in the United States. And more than 400 terrorists have successfully been prosecuted and convicted in federal court. Here are just a few of the terrorists who have been convicted in federal court and are serving long prison sentences: Umar Faruk Abulmutallab, the Underwear Bomber; Ramzi Yousef, the mastermind of the 1993 WTC bombing; Omar Abdel Rahman, the so-called ``Blind Sheikh''; 20th 9/11 hijacker Zacarias Moussaoui; and Richard Reid, the ``Shoebomber''.  Some of my colleagues have claimed that the Supreme Court's Hamdi decision upheld the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens captured in the United States, but it did no such thing. Hamdi was captured in Afghanistan, not the United States. And Justice O'Connor, the author of the opinion, was very careful to say that the Hamdi decision was limited to, ``individuals who fought against the United States in Afghanistan as part of the Taliban.''  Some of my colleagues also cited the case of Jose Padilla, claiming that it is a precedent for the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens captured in the United States. But look at what happened in the Padilla case. Padilla is a U.S. citizen who was placed in military custody in the United States. The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals, one of the most conservative courts in the country, upheld Padilla's military detention. But then, before the Supreme Court had the chance to review the 4th Circuit's decision, the Bush administration transferred Padilla out of military custody and prosecuted him in criminal court. To this day, the Supreme Court has never ruled on the question of whether it is constitutional to indefinitely detain a U.S. citizen captured in the United States.  A number of prominent civil liberties and human rights organizations have expressed their concern that because the Feinstein-Paul amendment only prohibits indefinite detention of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents, it implicitly authorizes indefinite detention of others apprehended in the United States. I am very sympathetic to this concern. As Senator Feinstein and Senator Paul have both said on the floor of the Senate, they oppose the indefinite detention of anyone apprehended in the United States, including non-U.S. citizens and non-lawful permanent residents. I agree.  Senator Feinstein and Senator Paul included language in this amendment to make it clear that we are not implicitly authorizing the indefinite detention of individuals who are not U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents. On page 2, line 14, the amendment saysthat the prohibition on indefinite detention of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents ``shall not be construed to authorize the detention of . . . any other person who is apprehended in the United States.'' So in adopting this amendment, the Senate is not implicitly authorizing the indefinite detention of anyone.  To the contrary, the language I have just quoted makes it clear that this amendment does not change existing detention authority of non-U.S. citizens and non-lawful permanent residents in any way. What does that mean? It means that the Supreme Court will decide whether non-U.S. citizens and non-lawful permanent residents can be detained indefinitely without trial, not the United States Senate.  I want to thank Senator Feinstein and Senator Paul for their leadership on this issue and am proud to support their amendment.  