President, off and on and for some time I have come to the floor to speak about an issue that doesn't receive a lot of attention, which is political prisoners in foreign lands--journalists in Cameroon, an AIDS activist in Uzbekistan, and a lot of others. I am pleased that over the years, working with many of my colleagues, we have been able to see many of these innocent political victims released. Former Senator Brownback, as well as Senators Cardin, Casey, Kennedy, Lieberman, and Rubio have all been part of a joint effort to deal with these political prisoners.  Sadly, there is no shortage of political prisoners in this world. They languish in horrible prisons in places such as Iran and North Korea. Today I want to focus on a number of them, and I will preface my remarks by apologizing ahead of time for my pronunciation of these names. Some of these are extremely difficult to pronounce for those of us in the States, particularly from the Midwest.  I suppose one might start typically with the most outrageous case, but, tragically, all of the cases I speak to fit that definition. Let me start with the heartbreaking case from 6 years ago--that of Gambian journalist Ebrima Manneh.  Manneh was a reporter for the Daily Observer newspaper. He was allegedly detained by plainclothes Gambian security officials. He was held incommunicado for years, although he was seen during the initial years of his detention by witnesses in at least one detention facility and one hospital. No one has seen him for years. It is possible he died in custody. But imagine the pain and uncertainty of his family, who have no help and no answers.  The Economic Community of West African States Court of Justice, which has jurisdiction over Gambia, and the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention both ruled against the Gambian Government on the case and called for his release. After years of waiting, the Gambian Government recently requested United Nations help to investigate Manneh's case and the death of one other journalist.  This was a welcome move by the Gambian Government, and I hope ongoing discussions with the United Nations will expedite the investigation and bring some resolution to the case and answers for Manneh's family.  Some years ago, there was a change in leadership in Turkmenistan, onethat many hoped would open that country's closed and repressive political system. Unfortunately, President Berdimuhamedov has yet to meet those modest expectations. One would think in a country where the President wins an election with a 97-percent vote, and where there is an annual week of happiness, that Turkmen leadership could be more gracious to its political opponents. Unfortunately, the following examples demonstrate just the opposite.  Gulgeldy Annaniyazov is a long-time political dissident who left Turkmenistan in 2000 to settle in Norway as a political refugee. He reportedly returned to Turkmenistan in June 2008 to visit his family and was arrested. After a closed trial on October 7, he was sentenced to 11 years in prison.  Annakurban Amanklychev and Sapardurdy Khadzhiev are members of the human rights organization Turkmenistan Helsinki Foundation. They were convicted in August 2006 after trials of only 2 hours and sentenced to 6 and 7 years in jail on charges that were never very clear.  Unfortunately, we don't have a photograph of Mr. Khadzhiev. Turkmenistan Government officials have been quoted as asserting these individuals were arrested and convicted for ``gathering slanderous information to spread public discontent.''  The legal bases for their detention are suspect at best and raise serious concerns of political intimidation, questionable charges, closed trials, and inappropriately punitive punishment.  In May 2010, more than 20 Senators--and that is not an easy feat in the Senate--signed a letter to Secretary of State Clinton urging the administration to raise these cases with the Turkmenistan leadership. I know the State Department did in fact take those steps, and I thank them, but I hope they will continue.  In November 2010, the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention released its opinion that the arrest and continued detention of the Turkmenistan Helsinki Foundation members is arbitrary and in violation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. That United Nations group called on the Turkmen Government to immediately release them.  Sadly, they continued to languish under harsh sentences that include hard labor, torture, and forced psychotropic drug injections.  To the leaders of Turkmenistan, I say, if you want to change the image of your nation in the world, you must release these and other political prisoners.  Some who follow this may wonder what difference it makes if I make a speech on the floor of the Senate about someone languishing in a prison in Turkmenistan. All I can tell you is that after years of doing this, it does make a difference. It turns out, people listen. And when they listen, sometimes they react, and often in a positive way. These people languishing in prisons do not believe anybody in the outside world knows they are alive. Groups are trying to make sure others are aware of that fact, and that is why I come to the floor, as many of my colleagues do.  It is hard to believe in Europe there is still one regime like that of Alexander Lukashenko. He is often known as the last dictator of Europe. I have been to Belarus twice, once with the Helsinki Commission group, led by Senator Cardin of Maryland, where we actually met this President Lukashenko; and most recently I went there after the highly suspect 2010 elections held in December. What was egregious about this election was that President Lukashenko, on the night of the election, beat up and arrested all the candidates who had the nerve to run against him, as well as hundreds of Belarusian citizens who showed up in central Minsk to protest his actions.  Lukashenko's barbaric behavior, and that of his KGB henchmen--and, yes, Belarus still has something called a KGB security service--earned him sweeping condemnation from Europe and the United States, further isolating his nation and hurting his own people.  Sadly, today, a year and a half after this outrage, Lukashenko is still holding the man in this photograph. This Presidential candidate--Mikalai Statkevich--was sentenced to 6 years in a medium security prison for having the nerve to run against Lukashenko. At least 6, and as many as 13, other protestors from the election still sit in jail.  This is outrageous in Europe today or anywhere on the planet, for that matter. It is time for President Lukashenko to let this man and these people go.  Next I turn to Vietnam. Although our bilateral relationship continues to improve with Vietnam, we cannot ignore the troubling disregard for freedom of speech in that country. It is illustrated by the unfounded detention of the popular blogger Nguyen Van Hai, better known as Dieu Cay.  Let me show this photograph of him. He is the head of the Free Vietnamese Journalists' Club, and as such Cay has been detained almost continuously by Vietnamese authorities since 2008, when he was convicted and tried for trumped-up tax evasion charges.  In 2009, the U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention highlighted Cay's case, as well as the ``illegal arrests'' and continued persecution of a number of other Internet bloggers.  In October 2010, on the day Cay was due to be released, having fulfilled his sentence, he was transferred to a new jail and re-arrested for violating a security provision that prohibits propagandizing against the government. The propaganda in question--3-year-old blog postings. The subject of his propaganda--freedom of speech, and other issues considered by the government to be too sensitive, such as labor strikes and the trials of two human rights lawyers.  Cay's arrest is part of a well-documented trend in Vietnam in which national security concerns have been cited as a pretext for arrests and criminal investigations.  The State Department's Human Rights report notes the Vietnamese Government is increasing suppression of dissent, increasing measures to limit freedom of the press, speech, assembly and association, and increasing restrictions on Internet freedom. The trend is clear, and it is very concerning.  Secretary Clinton noted in a speech last year on Internet Rights and Wrongs, ``In Vietnam, bloggers who criticize the government are arrested and abused.''  It is long overdue that Vietnamese leaders release Cay and stop harassing journalists and bloggers.  Lastly, on Saudi Arabia, our ally on many important issues, but also a friend with whom we have vast differences when it comes to basic freedoms and women's rights. Let me tell a recent story that is truly hard to believe.  Since early 2012, the Saudi Government has imprisoned 23-year-old blogger Hamza Kashgari. His crime? He tweeted an imaginary conversation with the Prophet Muhammad. That action sparked a spate of death threats, causing him to remove the tweet and flee to New Zealand in fear of his life. While stopping in Malaysia for a plane transfer, Malaysian authorities detained him until their Saudi counterparts swooped in and returned him to Saudi Arabia under arrest.  Back in the kingdom--facing accusations of blasphemy and calls for his execution by top clerics--he repented before the Saudi court and showed great remorse, asking for forgiveness. That was 4 months ago, yet he remains imprisoned, awaiting his fate, with no sense when a decision will be made.  I can imagine his actions sparking a debate in Saudi Arabia, but leading to calls for a death sentence for blasphemy? In today's world, that is hard to believe.  Saudi Arabia has initiated steps toward social, educational, judicial, and economic reform, and we encourage them to do more. Immediately freeing Mr. Kashgari would be an important move. This man has suffered enough and deserves his freedom now.  These are just a sample of the many political prisoners who still suffer in parts of the world. I want them and their families and the governments that unjustly imprison them to know they are not forgotten. I and my colleagues here in the Senate will continue to do our best to draw attention to their plight, work for their release, and stand up for the cause of human rights in the United States and around the world.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  