President, over the past few years we have seen a dramatic increase in the sale of energy drinks in America. Energy drinks are now common fixtures in grocery stores, vending machines, gas stations, convenience stores, and everywhere we turn. They target young people with flashy ads and names such as Monster and Rock Star and with claims to increase attention stamina and even to help with weight loss. According to one study, 30 to 50 percent of adolescents, teenagers, consume energy drinks.  Sadly, as the sale of energy drinks has grown, so has the alarming evidence that these energy drinks pose a potential threat to our Nation's health. Yesterday, the New York Times featured an article that found that the Food and Drug Administration has received 13 adverse event reports for people who died--who died--after consuming 5-hour ENERGY drinks. Justlast month, news reports found that five people died--five--after consuming Monster Energy drinks.  This last May, I met the mother and family of 14-year-old Anais Fournier from Maryland. This lovely young teenager lost her life last December when she went into cardiac arrest--caused by caffeine toxicity--after she drank two--two--24-ounce Monster Energy drinks in less than 24 hours. Anais was an honor student. She was a good student and a great writer, and she used to watch movies with her mom.  An American Academy of Pediatrics study recommends adolescents consume no more than 100 milligrams of caffeine each day. Remember the number--100 milligrams a day. According to Consumer Reports, a 24-ounce can of Monster Energy drink contains 276 milligrams of caffeine, almost three times the amount this academy recommends as the limit an adolescent would consume in a day--276 milligrams in less than 24 hours. Anais Fournier consumed 552 milligrams of caffeine by drinking two Monster Energy drinks within 24 hours. That is the equivalent of drinking 16 12-ounce Coca-Cola sodas.  Mounting evidence shows that tragic stories such as the one involving Anais Fournier are becoming more common. A recent report by SAMHSA shows that energy drinks pose potentially serious health risks. Emergency room visits due to energy drinks have increased tenfold between 2005 and 2009--1,128 ER visits in 2005 to 13,114 emergency room visits in 2009 linked to energy drinks in America.  There are serious health concerns about ingesting high levels of caffeine in energy drinks and, I might also add, many added ingredients that are also stimulants and contain even additional caffeine that is added to the drinks. The Food and Drug Administration currently limits the level of caffeine in soda--the kind you would buy over the counter--to no more than 71 milligrams in a 12-ounce can. Remember the number for the 24-ounce can of Monster--276? That is almost four times the limit of what can be sold legally as a beverage regulated by the FDA in America.  Let me show this 5-hour ENERGY picture. I really don't have to show it. Everyone is pretty familiar with it because they are everywhere--literally everywhere. I watched on television last week when they were advertising promotions of 5-hour ENERGY drinks saying, in the commercials, that some of the sales would go to promote research for breast cancer. There is almost the suggestion there is something healthy about this product.  Well, let's talk about that for a moment. Compare that limit of 71 milligrams of caffeine in a 12-ounce can of soda or pop to the 215 to 242 milligrams of caffeine in the small 2-ounce bottle of 5-hour ENERGY or the 135 milligrams in a 12-ounce can of Monster Energy. Some energy drinks contain 300 milligrams of caffeine in a 12-ounce serving. As we all know, most energy drinks are not sold in 12-ounce cans. They are sold in 16-, 24-, and 32-ounce cans. Two 24-ounce Monster Energy drinks took the life of Anais Fournier.  These drinks, of course, contain more than caffeine. We don't know all the products included, but they include many other stimulants, such as guarana and ginseng. The FDA has the authority to regulate caffeine levels in beverages and to require beverage manufacturers, such as soda pop, to prove additives are safe. But most energy drinks, such as 5-hour ENERGY, avoid the FDA's regulation and oversight by marketing their products not as beverages but as dietary supplements.  We will not see it on the front of this little container. We have to flip it around and look down at the bottom, and in the tiniest lettering we see dietary supplement. Why? Because as a dietary supplement they are not regulated. They can sell what they like. And, unfortunately, they sell products that contain so much caffeine they are dangerous.  Now, my colleague, Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut, who is on the Senate floor tonight, and I have sent the Food and Drug Administration letters three times calling on this agency to take action to ensure caffeine levels and ingredients in energy drinks are safe, particularly for kids. We have urged the agency to issue final guidance distinguishing beverages and liquid dietary substances to close the loopholes that allow some energy drinks to avoid FDA oversight. We have called on that agency to regulate energy drinks that have caffeine levels well above the 71 milligrams per 12-ounce threshold in soft drinks.  Today, Senator Blumenthal and I asked FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg to personally meet with us after Thanksgiving to discuss the steps the FDA is taking to ensure the safety of energy drinks. Every other week we are seeing mounting evidence that energy drinks pose safety risks. We learn about young people hospitalized or seriously hurt after consuming what they are marketing as innocent little energy pick-me-ups.  We look forward to working with Commissioner Hamburg to discuss the Food and Drug Administration's strategy to protect our children and to protect everyone in America from these dietary supplements, whether it is 5-Hour Energy or the Monster Energy drink that led to the death of this 14-year-old girl in Maryland.  It has been many years since I came to this floor and argued about dietary supplements. We all know what is involved. I always preface my remarks by saying: When I got up this morning, I took my vitamin pill, and I took my fish oil pill. I believe I should have the right to do that. I don't know if it helps, but I think it does, and I shouldn't have to have a prescription to have a vitamin pill. Enough said. But when it comes to dietary supplements that go beyond that type of supplement, things that include dramatic increases in caffeine, we have to take the next step.  I managed a few years ago to pass a law--over some objection--that requires the makers of dietary supplements to report adverse events. In other words, if people call from getting sick--or worse--from your product, you have to tell the FDA so we can gather this together and pick up any trends that are alarming or worrisome. Well, they have been doing it but not as vigilantly as they should, and the companies have not been reporting them as often as they should. But now we know, as I said at the outset of my remarks, that young people and others are dying from these energy drinks, 5-Hour Energy drinks and Monster Energy drinks. They died after they ingested these, and it has raised serious questions as to whether there was causation between them.  To find there were 13 adverse-event reports for people who died after consuming 5-Hour Energy drinks and 5 people who died after consuming these Monster Energy drinks--for goodness' sakes, these are for sale to kids across America. We wouldn't sell these kids alcohol over the counter without asking how old they were, whether they reached an age where they are eligible to buy alcohol products, but we are selling products that could be more lethal than alcohol to these young kids without the necessary oversight and supervision.  I thank the Senator from Connecticut for joining me in this effort. We have to continue it. The New York Times yesterday made a report that I think puts us on notice. There is a lot more to be done.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Franken). The Senator from Connecticut.  