President, pending before the Senate is the nomination of Jay Tharp to serve on the District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Senator Kirk and I have agreed on a bipartisan approach to this. We each have appointed bipartisan committees who review prospective applicants and then make recommendations. We each have a veto over the other's recommendation, so it is totally bipartisan. In the case of Jay Tharp, there was no veto--certainly not by me--and in this case, he was sponsored by Senator Kirk. He is an extraordinarily talented individual.  The reason I have entered into the Congressional Record the official statement of Senator Kirk is because, obviously, he can't be here. He is in rehab at this point from a stroke he suffered in January, and there was an encouraging video released last week showing the progress he is making. We are all anxious for him to return. I promised him in a phone conversation last week that I would move this nomination as quickly as possible so that his nominee is approved. His statement now in the Record speaks to his feelings about Jay Tharp's nomination, and it speaks for itself. I will now add my own comments.  I am glad Mr. Tharp is finally getting a vote in the Senate. It has taken a long time. In fact, it has taken too long for this day to come. Nominees who are noncontroversial, eminently qualified, who go through the committee without even a hint of resistance from Democrats or Republicans shouldn't have to sit on this calendar for week after week and month after month. It has now become standard around here, as have these mind-numbing filibusters become standard around here, and it isn't fair.  It isn't fair first to the country to leave vacancies on the Federal bench, creating hardships in courts around the Nation where people come to the courthouse expecting timely consideration of important matters, from criminal charges to civil litigation.  It isn't fair to the nominees. It really takes a pretty stalwart individual to put their name up to be a Federal judge because they are going to go through three or four different levels of investigation and some pretty serious investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, for example. That is part of the process. There are investigations by the White House, by the Senators' offices, by the Senate Judiciary Committee. So it is not an easy undertaking. There might have been a time--I know there was--when these nominations were made in 48 hours with hardly a question asked. It doesn't happen anymore. Hard questions are asked, and then comes thesuspense of starting the process and waiting for it to end. These poor nominees sit there with their professional and personal lives on hold, having said they are prepared to step forward and serve a lifetime appointment on the Federal judiciary, and then they wait day after weary day, week after weary week, month after month, sitting on this Executive Calendar so that at some point there will be a bargaining session and some names will go forward and some won't.  This is what happened to Jay Tharp, but it shouldn't have, nor should it have happened to John Lee, the nominee who was approved last week for Illinois. Both nominees are extraordinarily qualified and should have gone through without this resistance, but this reflects what is happening in the Senate.  What is interesting about Jay Tharp is that every aspect of his nomination has been bipartisan. As I said, Senator Kirk put him through a bipartisan process for selection, and Senator Kirk reviewed and approved all of the candidates and then recommended him. It was last November 10 that the White House sent two nominations to the Senate to fill vacancies: John Lee, who was approved last Monday, and Jay Tharp, who we will be considering this evening.  John Lee was my choice; Jay Tharp was Senator Kirk's choice. We agreed, as I said, on both nominees. They were both nominated on the same day. They appeared together at the hearing before the Judiciary Committee in January. Both were reported out of the committee in February--about 3 or 4 months ago--in a bipartisan voice vote.  It was my hope we could bring them to a quick vote. There was an urgent need to fill the vacancies. We had been contacted by the chief judge of the district in Chicago, Jim Holderman. He had written to both of us, Senator Kirk and myself, and asked: Please move on these judges.  I felt an obligation, after Senator Kirk's illness, to try to get this job done. I knew Senator Kirk would be here in person if it were humanly possible. I put his statement in the Record. I know how strongly he feels about the qualities of Jay Tharp.  Unfortunately, for reasons hard to understand, this has dragged on for almost 6 months since their nominations were sent to the Senate. Up until a few years ago, this, as I said, was not the way things were handled--not when it came to bipartisan nominees who were coming out of the committee with no controversy. That certainly is the case now. We now see routine objections. There is a presumption that something must be wrong with a nominee, and we will just sit on it for weeks and months. That is not good. It is not fair to the nominees. It is not fair to the process. It certainly is not good for the judiciary.  Under the last nominations agreement negotiated in March, for some reason John Lee made the cut, Jay Tharp did not. I appealed to Senator Kyl, to Senator McConnell. I sent a letter in writing and spoke to it on the Senate floor.  This is Senator Mark Kirk's first nomination for a Federal judgeship, and I know how important it is to him. I thank those who were responsible for bringing it forward today. I am sure he will be relieved. I know Jay Tharp will be relieved when this is over.  I have been very happy to stand and support Jay Tharp, as well as John Lee. They are both extraordinary individuals. There are other well-qualified nominees sitting on this Senate calendar in a similar circumstance. After today's votes, there will be 17 nominees pending on the calendar, and nearly all of them--almost all of them--were voted out of committee without any dissenting votes, with the exception of Senator Lee of Utah, who votes customarily against all judicial nominees. These nominees, but for a few, have not had any controversy. Six of these nominees are in areas designated as judicial emergencies, including two nominees for seats in the Ninth Circuit--Paul Watford and Andrew Hurwitz, who are extraordinarily well qualified.  I hope my Republican colleagues will give us a break. These people deserve to get their moment on the Senate floor. They deserve a vote, and the areas they are going to serve deserve a full complement of competent jurists.  It is time to restore sanity, comity, and good faith to the way we treat judicial nominations on the Senate floor. That should start today.  Let me discuss Jay Tharp's background for the record. He was nominated when a judgeship opened up after Judge Blanche Manning took senior status. He is currently a partner in the Chicago office of Mayer Brown, where he is the co-leader of the firm's securities litigation and enforcement practice.  He was born into a military family--he is very proud of it--as the son of a lieutenant colonel in the Marine Corps.  Jay Tharp attended Duke University on an ROTC scholarship. He received his undergraduate degree summa cum laude and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps.  He served on Active Duty with the Marines for 6 years, achieving the rank of captain and earning the Navy Achievement Medal and the Navy Distinguished Midshipman Award.  After his military service, he attended Northwestern University Law School. He graduated magna cum laude and served on their Law Review. Upon graduation, he was a clerk for Judge Joel Flaum on the Seventh Circuit, and then worked as an assistant U.S. attorney in Chicago for 6 years.  After his tenure as a Federal prosecutor, he joined Mayer Brown, where his practice has been in complex commercial litigation and criminal investigations. He has received numerous recognitions. He has served as an adjunct professor of trial advocacy at Northwestern University Law School, and he is a member of the Law Fund Board at Northwestern, which oversees fundraising efforts.  In short, Jay Tharp is a picture-perfect nominee for the Federal bench. He has the qualifications, temperament, and integrity to serve the Northern District well. I urge my colleagues to support his nomination.  I just say to Jay Tharp, the day has come, finally. I am sorry you got caught up in what has become a tiring political exercise, where people are just stuck on a calendar waiting for something to happen which springs them loose. This evening will be your opportunity.  I hope the Senate--and I know Senator Kirk will join me in saying this--will give Jay Tharp the unanimous vote he deserves. He is an extraordinarily well-qualified nominee, and I am happy to support his nomination.  I yield the floor.  