 Others have raised concerns. The North American Securities Administrators Association, the Consumer Federation of America, the Americans for Financial Reform, the Council of Institutional Investors, securities experts such as Professor John Coffee and former SEC Chief Accountant Lynn Turner, the AARP, concerned that seniors will be bilked out of their savings with these phony solicitations for companies that may not even exist.  I share the concerns. I believe there is a path forward to protect investors and make it easier for small firms to come up with capital. Several of my colleagues had a substitute amendment--Senator Jack Reed, Senator Carl Levin, Senator Mary Landrieu--which would have done just that, made it easier to raise capital but kept the safeguards in place.  It was defeated virtually on a party-line vote. It was defeated. It would have preserved the Dodd-Frank say-on-pay provisions to allow investors to weigh in if executives are getting exorbitant compensation and golden parachutes. The amendment would have prohibited companies from advertising and selling stock to the unsophisticated, unsuspecting investors. It would have included minimum requirements for crowdfounding Web sites so investors are not blindly giving money tosomeone with a good-looking Web site that promises a good return that will never ever happen.  In short, the amendment would have responded to investors' concerns--the very same investors some of my colleagues claim the underlying bill will encourage to invest.  That is not all we have done. The amendment also included a reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank, which makes loans to major companies and smaller companies too who want to export American-made products made by American workers.  The reauthorization increased the bank's lending cap to $140 billion. This is the same Export-Import Bank that received bipartisan support in the Banking Committee and was reported out on a voice vote. A similar reauthorization was introduced by a Republican the last time around in 2006. It passed the Senate without even the requirement of a record vote.  However, yesterday, both the Landrieu-Reed-Levin amendment, which was the substitute that included the Export-Import Bank reauthorization, and the Cantwell amendment failed to obtain enough votes to invoke cloture, mostly on a party-line vote. Two Republicans voted to extend the Export-Import Bank authorization--two. This is a bank which gives our companies in America a fighting chance around the world to compete with those companies in other countries that are subsidized by their government. We have the Export-Import Bank to help our companies, companies in my State such as Boeing and Caterpillar. Good-paying jobs right here in America, sustained by exports, helped by the Export-Import Bank, defeated on the floor of the Senate. Only two Republican Senators would step up and vote for that bank, and it used to be noncontroversial. We did it because we knew it was so good for our economy. It turned out to be a partisan issue.  Too many things turn out to be partisan issues on the Senate floor lately. That is the latest casualty. It is clear that politics and theoretical jobs created by a bill that significantly reduces investor protections are more important to some of my colleagues than the real jobs that would have been created by the Export-Import Bank.  The Export-Import Bank is responsible for supporting 288,000 American jobs at more than 2,700 U.S. companies. One would think it would have won more than two Republican votes. Madam President, 113 of these companies are located in my State of Illinois and 80 are small businesses.  One of those companies, Holland LP, in Crete, IL, employs 250 people and completed a major export transaction with assistance from the Export-Import Bank. Holland was able to sell two complete in-track welding systems to a company in Brazil.  The CEO of Holland said: ``Without [the Export-Import Bank], this transaction would not have come to life.''  That is how the Ex-IM Bank can help companies in my State and companies around the United States.  I have to say, there will be an amendment offered soon, this afternoon, within the hour, the Merkley-Bennet-Scott Brown amendment, which is bipartisan. It would allow small businesses to raise up to $1 million through crowdfunding Web sites but will put in protections for investors from those posing as a business and selling a lot more hope than substance.  The amendment would require all crowdfunding Web sites to register with the SEC. That is a step in the right direction. It is one of the most important elements that needs to be changed in this bill out of about eight elements, and it is the only one we are likely to address this afternoon.  I urge my colleagues to support the amendment of Jack Reed of Rhode Island requiring the SEC to revise the definition of ``holder of record.'' The financial industry has been working overtime to beat this amendment. They have been on the phones calling everybody saying, ``Stop the Reed amendment.''  According to John Coffee, a professor at Columbia Law School, the shareholder of record concept is archaic and can be gamed.  State securities regulators also share that same concern. The American Securities Administrators Association said in a recent letter that it makes little sense to exclude any investor from the count of beneficial holders.  The Reed amendment would require the SEC to update the definition of ``holder of record'' to revise an outdated definition that may hide the true number of shareholders a company might have.  While I believe the bipartisan Merkley-Bennet and the Reed amendments will significantly improve parts of this bill, it doesn't make this a good bill. That is why I am prepared to vote no on final passage.  This bill, as much as any bill we have ever considered on the Senate floor, should have at least had a hearing. We should have at least brought in some expert witnesses. I will tell you, we will rue the day we ran this thing through the House and Senate without the appropriate oversight. I can already predict, having seen this happen time and again, there will come a time, after we pass this bill, when we start hearing from Americans who are being lured into phony investments, losing their life savings and their retirement in the process, and we will step back and say: My goodness. How did that happen? Remember, on March 22, 2012, we had a chance to make a difference to slow down and stop this bill until there was an adequate hearing, until we could put safeguards into place, which Americans deserve.  I am not against investment. I know there is risk associated with it. We have said since the 1930s--1932--under the creation of the SEC, that we owe to Americans, when they make a decision about an investment, two basic elements: Make sure the salesman is telling the truth and make sure what he said can be backed up with audited financial statements.  We can all remember stories about the people who used to blow in, sit down and sell penny stocks and $5 stocks and unsuspecting investors losing their savings as these folks caught the next train out of town. We don't need to return to that in the name of job creation. If we are creating the jobs of new charlatans who are offering these investments, these are not the kinds of jobs America should encourage.  I believe the House-passed bill should be defeated today. We should take the time to get it right and listen to the Chairman of the SEC and put the protections in the law so we can move forward with a bill that all of us can be proud of.  I yield the floor.  