President, I would like to respond to my colleague, Senator Lee. Repeatedly he said we should not consider this in the lameduck session. We are not in a lameduck session. This is the regular session of the Senate. We do precious little in this regular session, and now the Senator is saying we should not do it in the lameduck session. We are not in a lameduck session.  And I might say that this treaty has been out there for review for months. It had a full review before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Senator Kerry called it. The Senator was there and other Members were there and had a chance to go through it page by page and offer amendments, which many Senators did. So to argue that this is somehow being sprung on the Members of the Senate without time to review it is to ignore the obvious.  We are not in a lameduck session. This was produced for review and amendment in a full hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and a vote was taken.  It is disappointing. We had hoped to do this and do it now because many of the supporters of this treaty are facing their own physical challenges. One of them is our former colleague, Senator Bob Dole. Twenty-two years ago, he led the fight for the Americans with Disabilities Act. When Senator John McCain took this up, he said: I am going to call Bob Dole first. And he did.  In his honor, I hope the Senator from Utah will reconsider his position. And now, before the lameduck session, perhaps we can have some communication, and perhaps there is a way we can ratify this treaty in the Senate. We do precious little in the Senate. To do this, at least to honor Senator Dole, is not too much to ask, not to mention the positive impact it will have on so many disabled people around the world. I know Senator Lee is a conservative, but I also know he has a heart and I know he cares, as I do, about these people--children in other countries who have no chance in life because of a disability, women discriminated against because of disabilities. These are things on which we should speak out.  We are proud to be Americans, but we are doubly proud of the values we stand and fight for. This is one we should fight for.  I see Senator Harkin on the floor. I am going to yield. He has been, literally, the leader on our side of the aisle on disability issues time and time again, and I thank him for his help on this matter.  