President, I rise today to speak in support of the nominations of John Lee and Jay Tharp to serve on the District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.  I have listened carefully to the statement made by the ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee. I would note several things.  First, at this point in President George W. Bush's first term, the Democratic Senate had approved 30 more judges than have been approved under the current situation with this divided Senate. Second, it would take 60 judicial nominations to be filled by the end of the year for President Obama to have received the same treatment as President George W. Bush in his first term--60. We could get a lot of that done today. Right here are 22 nominations for the judiciary that have cleared the committee. If the Senator from Iowa would like to come to the floor and join me, we could make a joint unanimous consent request to bring up all 22 immediately--every one of them--all of whom have cleared the committee. Those Senators who want to vote against those nominations may do so. They can vote no. But, unfortunately, as we can see from this calendar, the names of the nominees languished on this calendar for months--literally for months--and many times passed with a voice vote or a unanimous vote. It really does not speak well of this process that we have reached this point, this slowdown.  What many Republicans are waiting for is the so-called Thurmond rule. It is not a rule written in a book; it refers to Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina, who kind of announced at one point in his career: We are going to stop considering judges as of a certain point in an election year. I have been in the Senate a few years and have heard so many different explanations about what the Thurmond rule really means, although I am not sure anyone really knows. All we know is that in a political campaign year, politics rule, and in this situation many Republicans are holding up perfectly fine nominees approved by Democrats and Republicans in committee for no other reason but the hope that they can win back the White House in November and fill the nominees with their favorites. I don't think that is fair to the nominees who have gone through the process, many of whom have been cleared by a bipartisan vote and should be confirmed in a timely fashion.  Let me speak to a particular issue that is addressed by the nominee before us. There are two nominees from Illinois to fill vacancies: John Lee and Jay Tharp. The chief judge of the Northern District, Judge Jim Holderman, sent a letter to me and Senator Kirk in February calling for Mr. Lee and Mr. Tharp to be confirmed without delay because of the heavy caseload in this court. Senator Kirk and I decided to work together on a bipartisan basis, and we did. We had a process on which we both agreed. He picked a bipartisan group to come up with his nominee and I did the same on my side. But the understanding was that at the end of the day, neither of our nominees would move forward without the approval of the other Senator. So, in fact, they were bipartisan choices, both of them. John Lee is my choice. Jay Tharp is Senator Kirk's choice. We both support one another's choice. We believe both of these nominees have the experience, qualifications, temperament, and integrity necessary to serve in the Federal judiciary.  Mr. Lee and Mr. Tharp were both nominated on November 10, 2011--6 months ago. They appeared together in a hearing before the Judiciary Committee in January. They were both reported out of committee in February on a bipartisan voice vote.  There was an agreement reached between Senator McConnell and Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, about the nominees we brought forward for a vote. I was surprised when it was announced in March that the Lee and Tharp nominations, which had been together all through the process, were separated. The deal or arrangement called for John Lee to be scheduled for a confirmation vote by May 7, but at the insistence of the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, the deal did not include all of the nominees on the Senate calendar and it did not schedule a vote for Mr. Jay Tharp, Senator Kirk's nominee. I believe they should be confirmed together, just as they were nominated together and went through the committee together.  As soon as I heard about this so-called arrangement, I went first to Senator Kyl and then to Senator McConnell and said: Don't do this. Don't hold up Senator Kirk's nominee. He is in the hospital--now he is home, thank goodness--recovering from a stroke. We did this together. We are working together. Don't separate these two fine men. There is no reason to do it.  But I understand that this was the arrangement and they didn't want to change it--even to help Senator Kirk under these circumstances. They wanted to do only two nominees a week over a 7-week period of time, and the cutoff--the line they drew--was, unfortunately, between Mr. Lee and Mr. Tharp.  Well, I was going to propound a unanimous consent request today to include Mr. Tharp along with Mr. Lee on the vote we are about to take. There is only one reason I am not. We have received an ironclad assurance from the Senate Republican floor staff that Mr. Tharp is going to be called on a timely basis during this work period. I am going to hold them to it. I don't want to embarrass anyone, but it bothers me that the nominee of Senator Kirk is being held up by the Republican side of the aisle when it should be voted on today. There is no reason why it should not be voted on today. We should vote for both of them. But because a word has been given to me by a staff member whom I respect very much, I won't make this unanimous consent request. However, let me say this: If something happens--I don't know what it might be, and I hope it doesn't--I am prepared to come to the floor and propound that unanimous consent request not only on behalf of Senator Kirk but on behalf of my State and on behalf of my own interests in making sure that our Federal judiciary has a complement of qualified people.  Let me say a few words about each nominee--extraordinarily good nominees.  John Lee has been nominated to fill the judicial vacancy held by Judge David Coar. Mr. Lee is currently a partner at the law firm of Freeborn & Peters in Chicago, where he practices primarily in commercial litigation.  He is the son of a coal miner and a nurse. He immigrated to this country, to Chicago, at a very young age. From humble beginnings, he attended Harvard College, where he graduated magna cum laude and then earned hislaw degree cum laude from Harvard Law School.  After law school, Mr. Lee worked as a trial attorney in the Department of Justice Environment and Natural Resources Division. After his tenure at the Justice Department, he worked in private practice and eventually joined the firm at which he currently works. His law practice has focused on antitrust, intellectual property, environmental, and other complex commercial litigation matters. He has received numerous awards and recognitions, including being named a ``Leading Lawyer'' from 2008 through 2011 by the Leading Lawyers Network.  Mr. Lee has an outstanding record of community service, including his work as president of the board of directors of Asian Human Services of Chicago, his service on the board of directors of the CARPLS legal hotline for low-income Cook County residents, and his service on the board of the Asian American Bar Association of Greater Chicago.  This is a historic nomination for John Lee. Upon confirmation, he will be the first Korean American ever to serve as a Federal article III judge in Illinois and only the second to serve in that capacity in our entire Nation's history.  Let me say a word about Jay Tharp. Again, I am disappointed that I couldn't persuade the Republican leadership to include him today, but I have their assurance that he will be called during this work period.  Jay Tharp has been nominated to fill the Chicago district court judgeship that opened as a result of the senior status of Judge Blanche Manning. Mr. Tharp is currently a partner in the Chicago office of Mayer Brown, where he is the coleader of the firm's securities litigation and enforcement practice.  He was born into a military family as the son of a lieutenant colonel in the Marine Corps. He attended Duke University on an ROTC scholarship, received his undergraduate degree summa cum laude, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps. Jay Tharp served in Active Duty in the Marines for 6 years, achieving the rank of captain and earning the Navy Achievement Medal and the Navy Distinguished Midshipman Award.  After his military service, Mr. Tharp attended Northwestern University Law School, graduating magna cum laude, and served on the Northwestern University Law Review.  Upon graduation, he served as a judicial clerk for Judge Joel Flaum on the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals and then worked as an assistant U.S. attorney for 6 years in Chicago.  After his tenure as a Federal prosecutor, he joined Mayer Brown, where his practice specializes in complex commercial litigation and criminal investigations. He has received numerous recognitions.  Mr. Tharp has served as an adjunct professor of trial advocacy at Northwestern University Law School, and he also serves as a member of the Law Fund Board at Northwestern, which oversees fundraising efforts by law school alumni.  These are two extraordinarily good nominees who went through the bipartisan process together, were approved by Senator Kirk and approved by me, went through their investigative period in the White House together, came to the committee together, were reported out together, came to the calendar together but were separated out. That is unfair.  I hope by the end of this work period Mr. Tharp will join John Lee on the Federal bench. They are two exceptionally good nominees. On behalf of Senator Kirk, I will do everything to make sure this happens in the days ahead.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  