President, the march of progress in America can be marked by the expansion of freedom. Slaves who were denied full citizenship under our Constitution were given their rights with amendments after our Civil War. Civil rights legislation in the 1960s helped African Americans and others claim their rightful place in our society. And women, denied a vote in America for generations, finally won that right early in the 20th century.  Yet it took us until nearly the end of the 20th century to acknowledge the rights of another group of Americans who have suffered discrimination throughout history: people with disabilities. I would like to take a moment to recognize one of the heroes of the disability rights movement who passed away this past Thursday at the age of 68.  Dr. Young Woo Kang was a champion for people with disabilities in America, his native South Korea, and throughout the world. Born in a small farming village in South Korea under the shadow of the Korean war, Young Woo Kang overcame adversity to become the first blind South Korean to earn a Ph.D.  Dr. Kang's life reminds us that disability can happen to anyone at anytime. When he was 14 years old, a soccer injury cost him his eyesight. He spent the next 2 years in the hospital and endured several surgeries before learning that he would never regain his sight.  That was in 1960. At that time, there were only two professions in South Korea open to the blind: masseur and fortune teller. But Young Woo Kang had other plans. When he was refused admission to college because of his disability, he challenged the system and won. And when he was allowed to take the college entrance exam, he scored in the top ten--out of hundreds of students. Dr. Kang became the first blind person to graduate--with highest honors--from Yonsei University, South Korea's oldest and most prestigious university.  He planned to earn a post-graduate degree in special education from the University of Pittsburgh. In fact, he had already been accepted at the university when he learned that South Korean policy prohibited its citizens with disabilities from studying abroad.  He lobbied successfully to have this policy changed--not only for himself but also for the thousands of other South Koreans with disabilities.  In 1976, after obtaining his Ph.D., Dr. Kang taught international affairs at Taegu University in South Korea and became a disability rights advocate.  He urged the passage of legislation in Korea similar to the Americans with Disabilities Act and helped develop the first Braille alphabet for the Korean language. He also founded Goodwill in Korea, which provides job training and career services to people with disabilities.  Dr. Kang and his wife Kyoung, or ``Kay,'' as she is known, were blessed with two sons, Paul and Chris. Dr. Kang and his wife both worked in the Gary, Indiana, public school district for decades--he as a supervisor for special education and she as a teacher for visually impaired students. He also served as an adjunct professor for Northeastern University in my home State of Illinois.  In 2002, Dr. Kang was nominated by President George W. Bush to serve on the prestigious National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency that advises the President and Congress on issues affecting the 54 million Americans with disabilities.  A moment ago I mentioned Dr. Kang's sons. Dr. Paul Kang is an ophthalmologist and has served as the President of the Washington, DC Metropolitan Ophthalmological Society. Chris Kang, a familiar name to  many in this Chamber, was a member of my Senate staff for 7 years. Like his father, Chris is brilliant and hard-working.  After graduating from the University of Chicago and the Duke University Law School, Chris came to work for me answering constituents' letters and emails. Chris says he was drawn to public service by the example of his father, who taught him that government can limit people, but it can also help people.  He rose quickly through the office ranks, moving from answering letters to serving as one of my Judiciary counsels. He became my chief floor counsel and served 4 years negotiating legislation, helping me better understand Senate procedure, and conducting important whip counts.  Three years ago, Chris Kang accepted a position as Special Assistant to the President on the White House legislative affairs team. He has made history in his own right by helping to pass such historic laws as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the Affordable Care Act, and the Fair Sentencing Act. Last year, Chris moved into a new position, a promotion, as senior counsel in the White House Counsel's office, where he is now the President's top advisor on judicial nominations.  How's that for an American success story--an immigrant father appointed by a Republican president and his American-born sons, a doctor and Senior Counsel to a Democratic President?  The great humanitarian Helen Keller, who lost her hearing and her sight as a young child, was asked once whether she could imagine any fate worse than losing one's sight. She replied, ``Yes, losing one's vision.''  Like Helen Keller, Dr. Young Woo Kang lost his sight due to an injury. But he was blessed with vision. That vision enabled him to create a life for himself that was almost unimaginable in the world in which he grew up. He had a vision of an America and a world in which people were measured by their abilities, not their disabilities. His vision and courage helped to expand our own vision and make us a better nation.  I offer my deepest condolences to his wife Kay, his sons, Paul and Chris, and his extended family, friends and colleagues. Dr. Kang lived a life of accomplishment and inspiration. His legacy will live on through his sons and four grandchildren, including 4-month-old Katie, a source of great pride for Dr. Kang. And his mission will live on through the good he achieved and the doors he opened for people with disabilities in Korea and America and around the world.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  