President, I come to the floor now with my friend and colleague from the State of Oklahoma, Senator Coburn, to discuss an amendment we hope to offer to the farm bill, which I believe is the pending matter before the Senate. I will make a brief statement and then yield to my colleague from Oklahoma.  As I said, I come to the floor to speak about an amendment I intend to offer with Senator Coburn. Our amendment would reduce the level of premium support for crop insurance policies by 15 percentage points for farmers with an adjusted gross income over $750,000 a year.  According to a recent GAO report, the Federal Government pays, on average, 62 percent of crop insurance premiums for farmers. Let me put that in perspective. These farmers are buying insurance so they can protect themselves against the risk of low prices or bad weather, and the premiums that are charged to them are collected to pay to those farmers who collect. At the end of the day, 62 percent of the value of the premiums for the crop insurance are paid by the taxpayers. In other words, there is a 62-percent Federal subsidy on these premium support payments for crop insurance across America.  The amendment which I will offer with Senator Coburn would change that. The reason came out very clearly in the GAO report on crop insurance. Last year the Federal Government--the taxpayers--spent $7.4 billion to cover that 62 percent of crop insurance premiums--$7.4 billion in subsidies for crop insurance for farmers, and the amount spent by taxpayers each year has been growing dramatically. To cover roughly the same amount of acres, the Federal Government paid nearly $2 billion more in 2011 than in 2009 because the value of the crops--the price for the crops--had gone up during that period of time.  A point we would like to make and hope our colleagues would note is that 4 percent of the most profitable farmers in America or farming entities accounted for nearly one-third of all the premium support provided by the Federal Government. This is an indication on this chart of what we are talking about. The premium subsidies for 3.9 percent of farmers across America accounted for a little over 32 percent, almost 33 percent of all the Federal premium support subsidies. These are pretty expensive farmers when it comes to the Federal subsidy. Facing stark realities, we can't justify continuing to provide this level of premium support to the wealthiest farmers.  Net farm income has gone up dramatically--in 2011 reaching a record high of $98.1 billion. The USDA forecasts that income will continue to grow at a slightly higher rate than costs over the life of this farm billwhich is before us. And the net income--much like government payments, agricultural payments are concentrated in our largest farms. Farm size has a direct impact on the profit margin of the farm.  We have many large farms in Illinois, certainly across the country, but we have many smaller farmers too. What is the difference? On a smaller farm with lower income, there is less return, less profit, higher risk. According to the USDA, farms with sales ranging from $100,000 to $175,000 have an average profit margin of 1.2 percent. You can see they are close to the edge. They need crop insurance. In a bad year, they are wiped out. But take a look at the larger farms. With more than $1 million in sales each year, their average profit margin is 26.8 percent. There is an economy of scale. There is money to be made. And that is the basis for Senator Coburn and me drawing the line and saying there will be a reduction in the Federal subsidy for crop insurance premiums for the most profitable farms. These larger and wealthier farms can afford to cover more of their own risk, and they should cover more of their own risk.  The single largest recipient of crop insurance premium support last year received $2.2 million to cover the Federal Government's share of the policy to insure nursery crops across three counties in Florida, at a value of $57.7 million.  In another example, an individual received over $1.6 million in premium subsidies to insure corn, potatoes, sugar beets, and wheat across 24 counties in 6 States. The total value of the crops insured: $23.5 million.  Back home in Illinois, a limited liability corporation received nearly $1 million in premium subsidies from the Federal Government to insure corn and soybeans grown in 17 counties across my State. The total value of the crop: $28.4 million.  We are not describing small farms by definition. Are you telling me that a producer insuring a crop valued at $57.7 million will stop participating in the Crop Insurance Program if the Federal Government only pays on average about 50 percent of the premiums instead of the current 62 percent? I don't think so.  Our amendment is simple and straightforward. If you have an adjusted gross income on your farm at or above $750,000, your premium support will be reduced by 15 percentage points. A provision in the underlying bill increasing premium support for beginning farmers--taking care of the new farmers and those with smaller farms--sets a precedent for differentiating premium support based on need. So it isn't a radical notion by any means. Our amendment takes the same technical approach already accepted in the underlying bill. Further, the agriculture community is already very familiar with the use of adjusted income, as it is already applied to title I programs. We have to draw the line somewhere. Our amendment is a commonsense reform that limits the future cost of crop insurance programs.  Let me reassure producers across America and in my home State of Illinois that this is not an attack on crop insurance. We need crop insurance. Everywhere I go, producers tell me crop insurance is the most important tool the Federal Government offers farmers to manage risk. I hear them, and I recognize the role crop insurance has played in managing the Federal role of providing disaster assistance. So I will be very clear. This amendment does not exclude anyone from participating in crop insurance. The vast majority of farmers will see absolutely no change in the level of premium support provided by the Federal Government. This amendment only impacts farmers' largest farms with the highest income--those most able to cover more of their own risk.  Why are we doing this? Because we have a deficit, and we need to deal with it in an honest fashion. The underlying farm bill saves money in direct payments and other means over a number of years, and I commend Senators Stabenow and Roberts for that effort.  What Senator Coburn and I will do over the next 10 years is reduce the deficit by another $1.2 billion with this simple change limiting the Federal subsidy and crop insurance to those wealthiest, largest farmers in America. How can we ask Americans to share in any sacrifice, to cut spending, or reduce the debt if we cannot summon the political will to ask the wealthiest farm operations to take such a modest cut in the Federal subsidy for crop insurance?  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  