Speaker, I am concerned that this bill was unconstitutional for the reasons stated by my friend from Texas (Mr. Sessions), but I am afraid that the way this bill treats the at-large seat in Utah makes it even more unconstitutional.  Not since the Supreme Court issued its string of one person, one vote decisions in the 1960s has Congress seen fit to amend the law to allow both at-large and district elections for Members of the House of Representatives. This bill does that and, in effect, gives the citizens of Utah the right to vote for two Representatives, one in the district and one at-large, which is something that is denied to every other citizen of the United States.  Even if this is not a violation of equal protection under the law, I think that it is extremely bad policy because it is in derogation from what those of us who have fought to enact and reenact the Voting Rights Act have attempted to do, and the Supreme Court has said on numerous occasions that at-large elections are in derogation of giving minorities effective representation not just in Congress, but for local legislative bodies like city councils and county commissions.  I fear that if this act is held constitutional with an at-large seat in Utah, that precedent will be used in jurisdictions covered by the Voting Rights Act to once again go back to at-large elections and to diminish the votes that minorities have enjoyed ever since the 1982 reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act.  Finally, having an at-large seat in Utah is going to make it probably more difficult to uphold this law, and the reason I say that is that if this law is held unconstitutional with four Members from Utah being elected by district, effectively a quarter of the people of Utah will be disenfranchised since the bill has a nonseverability clause, and thus, if D.C. brings the bill down, one-quarter of the people of Utah will have no representative in Congress. That would be a powerful argument to uphold the constitutionality of this bill, and one that cannot be avoided.  Unfortunately, the majority on the Rules Committee decided to play partisan politics. 