Speaker, during this past campaign, Democrats pledged to move legislation through the regular committee process and to allow Republicans more latitude to offer amendments on the House floor. They broke this promise last week, again today, and they intend to do it next week as well. Today, as the House considers H.R. 1, the Implementing the 9/11 Commission Recommendations Act of 2007, Members are not allowed to offer any amendments. Formal committee process, rather than a closed rule and no committee consideration, would have identified the absurdity of providing an unelected board with an administrative subpoena authority that exceeds that of the FBI.  An administrative subpoena is an order from a government official to a third party, instructing the recipient to produce certain information. Congress has granted subpoena authority to many agencies that exercise regulatory powers. One problem with administrative subpoenas is that they are not reviewed by courts unless challenged or for enforcement reasons.  The 9/11 Commission's final report recommended that ``there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties.'' H.R. 1 makes the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board an independent agency within the executive branch.  I generally oppose administrative subpoenas within the executive branch, specifically those for law enforcement. I opposed granting the FBI administrative subpoena authority during consideration of the PATRIOT Act and I oppose it in this case.  During a Judiciary Committee markup of H.R. 10 in September 2004, I offered an amendment to establish a Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board to provide advice and counsel on policy development and implementation as it pertains to privacy and civil liberties implications of executive branch actions, proposed legislation, regulations, and policies related to efforts to protect the Nation from terrorism. My amendment was a complete substitute for an amendment offered by Mr. Watt that would have provided for a similar board with broad administrative subpoena power and provided nearly unlimited authority to analyze all aspects of the Nation's war on terrorism.  While it is necessary to provide the proper tools and resources needed to fight and win the war on terror, giving an unelected board broad administrative subpoena authority is not the answer.  