Speaker, I rise today in opposition of H.R. 3, a bill authorizing taxpayer funding for human embryo-destroying stem cell research. This bill would reverse the reasonable embryonic stem cell policy, set in place by the President in 2001, which allows federal funds to be used for research on existing stem cell lines where the life and death decision has already been made.  There have been exciting and dramatic developments in adult stem-cell research that hold great promise for medical advancements. I strongly support the need to pursue new treatments and cures to the diseases affecting millions of people world wide. However, in this pursuit we must be careful not to compromise our values of respecting human life. Embryonic stem cell research destroys human life at its earliest stage for experimental research purposes.  There are many types of stem cell research that are worthwhile and that do not raise such ethical and moral concerns. Alternative sources such as umbilical cord and adult tissue cells are currently being used to treat people, and successfully. Earlier this week, scientists reported that amniotic non-embryonic stem cells may offer the same research possibilities as stem cells obtained through the destruction of living human embryos. Not only are these cells highly versatile, they are readily available. Such alternatives make clear that we are capable of achieving successful stem cell research without the intentional destruction of human embryos.  The debate today is not about blocking embryonic stem cell research. There are vast financial resources available to fund this controversial research and any company or organization that wants to conduct or fund embryonic stem cell research may do so. And yet, despite extensive private research, there have been no successful therapeutic treatments with embryonic stem-cell research--none. With adult stem cells, physicians have successfully treated patients with diabetes, multiple sclerosis, sickle cell anemia, heart disease, Crohn's disease and rheumatoid arthritis, among many others. These examples are a strong testament to the amazing power of adult stem cells.  By voting against this bill, we can avoid not only the ethical and moral questions that are raised, but we can make sure that taxpayer dollars are invested wisely.  Congress can provide and must help scientists realize the promise of embryonic stem cell research without authorizing the destruction of human life in the process. Once again, I urge my colleagues to support ethical stem cell research and to vote against this bill.  