 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule.  I am pleased that the Baldwin amendment was included in the manager's amendment. The Baldwin amendment deletes the prior user rights section from H.R. 1908, leaving current law on prior user rights intact.  H.R. 1908, as considered in committee, encouraged a resort to trade secret practices which would have bred litigation and chilled publication and disclosure, which are the constitutional principles underlying the entire patent system.  The Patent Reform Act, as originally drafted, would not have made for a good situation for innovation. It would have been detrimental to individual inventors, small businesses, nonprofits, including research universities. Although I plan to vote in favor of the Patent Reform Act, I have serious concerns about the process that we have used to reach floor action today.  IPR law changes have always been negotiated in the subcommittee until this year. This bill should have been vetted in subcommittee. Instead, the subcommittee simply passed the buck to the full Judiciary Committee. Ramrodding this bill through subcommittee left a lot of unhappy people thinking that the train had left the station.  The subcommittee Chair should have kept the bill in his subcommittee. Keeping it in subcommittee works, even though the process may take more time.  As we realize, moving it forward with so many loose strings makes it quite easy for the whole thing to unravel. It's essential that subcommittee members work out problems in the subcommittee and not jam stakeholders.  I believe that by holding onto this bill a little longer, we could have applied pressure to the stakeholders and moved them to our common ground. The volume of e-mails and calls we have received from interest groups, which number in the hundreds, clearly indicates that we don't have everybody on board. Much of this opposition could have been avoided.  At subcommittee, the Chair told us that concerns would be addressed at full committee. The Chair then assured us that concerns would be worked out in the manager's amendment prior to floor action. While concessions have been made, this bill still needs work and isn't ready for prime time. Later today, during debate on the bill, I expect Members' concerns to be brushed off and told that everything will be worked out in conference.  I served as Chair of the Judiciary Committee for 6 years, and I know all too well how elusive compromise can be. But that doesn't mean that we should throw in the towel or simply lower a shoulder and plow forward.  I prevented my Courts and Intellectual Property Subcommittee Chair from moving forward on patent form until we could reach agreement with all the interested parties, and that is what we should have done here. Patent reform is vital to our Nation's economy. The House should not take up this legislation at odds with so many sectors of the economy for the benefit of others.  The other body is continuing to entertain stakeholder meetings to try to develop consensus, and I commend them for that. This would be a wise course of action for the House as well. I believe that with more time and energy, we could draft a bill that is supported by a large cross-section of America, which this bill is not.  The process that we took to get here today was flawed, but it's not too late to correct it.  I encouraged the Chair and the ranking member to continue to meet with stakeholders. That's the way to get a good patent bill that is really a 21st-century innovation-inspiring bill enacted into law.  