 President, I am pleased to announce the introduction of the Veterans Burial Rights Act of 1998. I want to personally thank Senator Frank Murkowski, my colleague on the Veterans' Affairs Committee and the former chairman of the committee, and Senator Paul Sarbanes for joining me in introducing this legislation.  I also want to thank the veterans service organizations that worked with us to draft this very important legislation. I particularly want to thank the veterans of my state who first brought this issue to my attention and who have been true partners in this effort.  I introduced this legislation for a very simple reason: every day, veterans are being buried across this nation without full military honors--honors earned through service to us all. And that is not right.  The Veterans Burial Rights Act of 1998 is a common sense piece of legislation of great importance to the veterans of our country. Our bill requires the Department of Defense to provide honor guard services upon request at the funerals of our veterans. Our bill is the right thing to do.  Our country has asked a lot of our veterans. I believe we have a responsibility to tell each and every veteran that we remember and we honor their service to our country. The Veterans Burial Rights Act of 1998 gives meaning to the words ``on behalf of a grateful nation,'' that accompanies the presentation of the flag to the family at a funeral.  I can speak personally to the importance of this legislation. I lost my own father last year, a World War II veteran and proud member of the Disabled American Veterans. My family was lucky. We were able to arrange for an honor guard at his service. Having the honor guard there for my family made a big difference and a lasting impression. We were all--and particularly my mother--filled with pride at a very difficult moment for our family, as Dad's service was recognized one final time. It should be this way for every family who lays a veteran to rest.  With a downsized military, installations are no longer able to provide trained personnel to perform military honors for every veteran. Veterans service organizations have stepped in and tried to provide the color guard services for deceased fellow veterans. And by most accounts, they do a pretty good job. But VSO's cannot meet the need for color guard services. By their own admission they often lack the crispness and the precision of trained military personnel.  Our veterans' population is getting older. More than 36,000 World War II veterans are dying each month. In my own state, close to 5,000 veterans are being laid to rest each month. We cannot expect a group of older veterans to provide these honor guard services day in and day out for their military peers. We are simply asking too much of a generation that has already given so much.  I believe we have a responsibility to act. This bill will ensure that every veteran receives a funeral worthy of patriotic service to our country. By passing the Veterans Burial Rights Act of 1998, the Congress will send a powerful message to veterans that their service to us all will never be forgotten.  I encourage all Members of the Senate to join in this effort. 