 President, for the last 5 years we have been debating the issue of campaign finance reform and for the last 5 years we have failed to fix the system that most Americans agree is broken. I have voted for campaign reform legislation several times now, and each time it has been killed off by filibuster. Today we are once again presented with the opportunity to do what is right and stop the rising tide of special interest money that is drowning the democratic process.  We last debated the McCain-Feingold campaign finance reform bill in October. Since that time the bipartisan group of Senators committed to reform has continued to work together to build a coalition and to craft a measure that is fair and offers meaningful change. I have been proud to support that effort.  Changing the status quo has been an uphill battle. The opponents of reform cleverly disguise their argument. They wrap themselves in the flag and posture as protectors of ``free speech.'' They make complicated and convoluted arguments about ``threats to the Constitution.'' but here's what they are really saying: if you have more money, you are entitled to more influence over campaigns and elections. People out there find this argument to be a cynical charade and it's time to stop playing games.  The opponents of reform are just not listening. The American people have been calling for reform for years, and now the call is louder than ever.Eighty-nine percent of the American people believe fundamental changes are needed in the way campaigns are funded. We were elected to represent the American people. We cannot continue to ignore their wishes.  The campaign system is clogged with money, and there is no room left for the average voter. The last time we debated reform, I told a story of a woman who sent my campaign a small contribution of fifteen dollars. With her check she enclosed a note that said, ``please make sure my voice means as much as those who give thousands.'' With all due respect, this woman is typical of the people who deserve our best representation. Sadly, under the current campaign system, they rarely do.  In 1996, $2.4 billion was raised by parties and candidates. Let me say that again: $2.4 billion flowed into campaigns all across the country and dictated the terms of our elections. And as if that weren't enough, hundreds of millions more were spent on so-called ``issue advocacy''. Nobody knows exactly how much more because these ads, even though they are political, are unregulated.  Currently there is no disclosure requirement for these expenditures, there is no ban on corporate or union money, and there is no limit on how much can be spent. ``Issue ads'' frequently take the form of negative attacks made against candidates by groups that no one has ever heard of. Because of the current weak laws, the American people don't know who are making these charges, what their agenda is and who is paying for it. The bill we are considering today would change that by strengthening the definition of political advertising to include these sorts of expenditures. We need more accountability, not less.  My first Senate campaign was a grassroots effort. I was out spent nearly three-to-one by a congressional incumbent. But because I had a strong, people-based effort, I was able to win. I am proud of the contributions I have received for my campaign.  And I am willing to put my money where my mouth is. I hope to offer an amendment to implement full disclosure of campaign contributions. Under current law, the names and addresses of contributors who give more than $50 at a time or $200 in aggregate must be disclosed. My amendment would drop those numbers down to zero. Under my amendment every contribution to a PAC or a campaign must be disclosed.  Having full disclosure for campaign contributions is like listing the nutritional facts on a candy bar: the public deserves to know what it's made of.  But I also want to make a pledge. Whether or not my amendment passes, I still intend to tell my constituents everything about who is contributing to my campaign. I will make full disclosure of all my contributions, no matter how big or how small. This is my commitment, this is my pledge. I challenge all of my colleagues to do the same.  Mr. President, the opponents of reform miss the point. In America, money does not equal speech. More money does not entitle one to more speech. The powerful are not entitled to a greater voice in politics than average people. In America, everyone has an equal say in our Government. That is why our Declaration of Independence starts with, ``We, the people.''  Mr. President, I believe we have made this debate way too complicated. This issue boils down to one basic question: Are you for reform, or against is? Are you with the people, or against them on the need for a more healthy democracy? The votes we are taking today will show the answers to these questions.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  