 President, I have listened carefully to the education debate because I care deeply about public education in this country. I believe that our democracy was founded on the principle that all children, no matter who they are or where they come from or how much money they have, should have the opportunity within our public education system in this country to get a good education. I have gone across my State and asked parents and teachers and principals and school board members, What will make a difference? And resoundingly they have said to me we need to focus attention on class size; the Senate needs to focus their attention on class size.  I am, frankly, really tired of the argument that our public education system has failed. Our public education system has not failed. We have failed our public education system. And we have failed it because we have not put in the adequate resources for what we are demanding, as leaders in this country--that our children learn how to read and write and get the skills they need to get jobs one day. These are skills we are demanding. Yet we turn our backs and say we are not going to fund it.  This is an issue of priorities. Are we going to fund public education in this country? Or are we going to do what my Republican colleagues did in this budget and cut $2.2 billion from education? Mr. President, we can go down a narrow road in this country, and we can pass vouchers, and we can say that we can block grant, and we can make sure that a few kids get a public education. But that is not the country I was born and raised in. That is not the philosophy I believe in. I believe we can do the right thing. I know, and I will tell all of you: Reducing class size makes a difference. Ask any parent. Ask any parent if they know that it makes a difference, and they will tell you yes, it does.  Mr. President, this is a simple amendment that we are offering. Itsimply says this Congress understands that class size reduction is an issue that makes a difference and we are willing to look at how we can help make that happen across this country. I urge its adoption.  