 President, I wish to speak for a moment as a cosponsor of the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998. Mr. President, this is a bill that simply, but importantly, provides funding to states and local communities so they can conduct quality criminal background checks. This bill assures parents that dangerous adults will not be employed by their child's school or child care facility.  There is no doubt that most children today head off to school or are dropped off at child care and are supervised by competent, qualified, caring adults. But as our society becomes increasingly violent, parents need the assurance that when their child is under another adult's care, steps have been taken to assure that the care-giver is qualified and competent and safe to take care of their child.  Mr. President, we sit in outrage when television newscasters report yet another story of a child who has been abused or molested when parents thought they had found a safe place to take their child. Nothing frightens a parent more than a report of a child who has been abused by a predator--molesters, abusers or pedophiles.  We do not have to sit and wait, Mr. President. We can and must do more. We have the laws to better screen those who care for our children. Let us use them. We must protect our children and see to it that they grow up in a safe environment. No child should ever suffer these kinds of traumas. That is why Mr. President, I am cosponsoring the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998. I believe this bill is a strong step to accomplish the type of protection that is needed.  We have a right to expect that those people to whom we entrust the care of our children are decent, upright, trustworthy individuals. Parents have a right to know that anyone who comes in contact with their children in an unsupervised environment has been appropriately screened. We have a right to know that anyone with a criminal history of child abuse, molestation and sexual crimes against children will be prevented from being in a position where they have access to our children.  In this highly mobile society we live in, we know that abusers move easily across state boundaries seeking jobs in places where they think their past will not catch up to them. If schools or child care providers only check in-state applicants for state criminal convictions--and do not require a fingerprint check which can be scanned against a national clearinghouse of convicted criminals--they have not adequately screened applicants before hiring them to oversee our children.  In fact, Mr. President, a case that prompted the passage of laws requiring national criminal background checks in my home State of Washington, involved the arrest of a social worker who possessed hundreds of photos and videotapes of young boys engaged in sexual activities. He was charged on 40 counts of possession of child pornography.  The investigation began after one of the adolescents under his supervision accused him of sexual abuse. When the social worker was hired, a background check of this man was ``clean'' and reported ``no past problems.'' However, he was previously employed by a state agency far away, across state lines in Texas. Although the Washington state agency checked his references in Texas, they did not check to see if he had a criminal history in any other state.  The background check did not extend beyond the borders of Washington state. State officials at the time admitted they had no routine way of determining whether any state worker had ever run afoul of the law outside Washington's borders.  As a result of this incident, the Washington State Legislature closed this loophole by passing laws requiring national criminal background checks on workers and volunteers who deal with vulnerable populations such as children, the elderly and disabled.  More recently, at a Washington, D.C. day care center, a substitute security guard was filling in for the regular guard, who was sick that day. That afternoon, the substitute guard was arrested on the premises--allegedly an accessory to murder a few months earlier.  In this case, the security firm failed to screen the worker adequately. He was a resident of Maryland and the firm only checked state records which revealed no criminal record. However, the substitute guard had a long rap sheet in Washington D.C., which the security firm did not check. The failure of this security firm to conduct a background check of the neighboring state's jurisdiction put 70 children at tremendous risk.  It is imperative that we stop interstate movement and let abusers know that their backgrounds will be checked, their applications will be screened and national and state fingerprint checks will be conducted where appropriate. In addition, it is essential that we provide funds to the states so they can update their criminal history records and provide timely information when it is requested.  Unfortunately, Mr. President, we live in a time that requires us to protect our children by screening and checking the backgrounds of volunteers and other people who have access to our children. Statistics reveal that 46 percent of child molesters are non-family members who are known to their victims. These are ``trusted'' adults, such as teachers, scoutmasters, coaches,clergy, counselors and neighbors. As parents, we must be concerned about the people who have access to our children. The bottom line is that strict screening mechanisms and criminal background checks are vital to the safety of our children.  Mr. President, I am cosponsoring this bill because it provides grants to the States for programs for fingerprint-supported background checks for non-criminal justice purposes. These purposes include screening youth service employees, volunteers, and other individuals in positions of trust--if authorized by federal or state law and administered by a government agency. This bill also promotes enhanced communication nationwide between local, state, and national computer systems for domestic violence and sexual offender identification and registration systems.  The Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998 is also important because it provides necessary funding to the States so they can upgrade their criminal history record systems and improve criminal identification of sexual offenders.  Mr. President, this bill is an effective way to stop pedophiles from stalking our children under the guise of employment or volunteer activity. It will also help States protect their children by letting sexual predators know that background checks and screening mechanisms will be conducted wherever they move.  It is imperative that would-be employees not be able to avoid detection during background checks by failing to report their criminal past. The Raleigh News and Observer reported on January 8, 1997 that Terry Dondrell Howie pled guilty to being an accessory to a murder, at the same time he worked taking care of toddlers at a local day care center.  Howie was fired from his job at the day care center, three days after he was sentenced to five years in prison for his role in a deadly car-jacking. Although a state law that requires annual background checks would have eventually caught his felony charges, day care employees facing felony charges can escape detection for months.  There is no requirement that a lengthy background check be completed before a hiring because of the high turnover on day care center staffs.  This can be a fatal practice that must be changed. Take the tragic case of 18-year-old Michelle Montoya, who--in 1997, as a senior in Rio Linda High School--was brutally raped and killed in the school's wood shop by a substitute janitor with a felonious past. The janitor was put on-the-job before fingerprint tests were completed. He had served time for voluntary manslaughter and just prior to the murder of Michelle, he had been paroled. Although California has since passed legislation prohibiting school districts from hiring employees before background checks are complete, the same is not true in every state.  As parents we expect our schools and day care centers to protect or children. We must provide the funding and the attention necessary to correct this problem so that other families do not suffer the same kind of horrible tragedy and loss as the Montoya family.  Mr. President, we cannot take any chances when it comes to protecting our children. We must do everything we can to ensure their safety and protection which is why I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brownback). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  