 President, I come to the floor this morning to join my colleague from Arizona, Senator McCain, in urging the Senate to adopt S. 1619, the child-safe Internet bill.  Since I have been here for the last 6 years, I have worked long and hard to get computers and technology into our schools. I have sponsored legislation to allow surplus Government computers to be put into schools. I have worked hard to have the e-rate established so that many of our schools can be connected to the Internet. I have been out in schools, and I know personally what a great educational tool the technology and Internet system is that we have available today.  I want our students and I want our teachers to have access to this information. But Senator McCain is absolutely correct. There is a small amount of information on the Internet that should not be there to which our young children have unfettered access.  S. 1619, the child-safe Internet bill, simply requires any school or library that uses the e-rate, uses taxpayer money to put technology in, be required to have a filtering device so that inappropriate material is not seen by young children.  The filtering device is a local control device. The school district--the schools--will determine which filtering device and how to use it at their own school. The same with the libraries.  This is an issue on which I have worked long and hard. I care deeply about the fact that many of our young children today and, frankly, many of our parents want to use the Internet but they don't know how to without getting into information or having their children have access to information that is simply inappropriate.  I talked with a seventh grade teacher several weeks ago who turned off the Internet in her classroom because she said it is simply impossible to watch 30 young students at their computers all of the time. She did not want a situation where a child got into a pornographic or inappropriate site, went home, complained to their parent, have a parent come screaming back to her classroom, and she would be responsible for that. She turned off the Internet.  This is going to cause concern among all of our educational facilities across our country if teachers don't have the kind of information available without a filtering device.  The bill is simple. It is common sense. It is the right way to go, and Iurge all of our colleagues to push to have this bill come to the floor and to pass it. It is the right way to go.  I did oppose the CDA Act from several years ago. I knew it was unconstitutional. I knew it would be thrown out. We cannot afford to go through that kind of debate again. This is a problem that needs to be answered today, and the child-safe Internet bill does it in a commonsense, safe way. Most parents would not send a child to a playground in their local community unsupervised. We cannot allow our young children to be in the Internet unsupervised. The child-safe Internet bill is the right way to go. It is a local control way to make our technology work for all students, and I urge all of my colleagues to be supportive of this approach. I urge our leadership to bring it to the floor as soon as possible.  Thank you, and I yield the floor.  