 President, I want to thank the sponsor of this important amendment for all his work and effort on behalf of women's health. As a Senator who has long championed women's health issues and fought to protect women's health, I commend him for his efforts. I am pleased to join with him today in support of women's health equity.  There has been a great deal of debate lately regarding contraceptive equity. Let me first start by explaining what this amendment does not do. It does not mandate benefits. Let me repeat that, this is not a mandate. If a plan does not have a prescription drug benefit then they do not have to add contraceptives. If a plan has a copy of deductible for prescription benefits, then contraceptives would also have the same copy or deductible. If a plan requires payments or deductibles for surgical services, then family planning benefits would also have the same copayments and deductibles. This is not a mandate. It simply says that plans cannot treat contraceptives any differently than medication to treat high blood pressure or to treat diabetes.  This amendment does not increase federal spending. CBO has scored this amendment as having a minimal effect on spending. The cost is such that CBO cannot even estimate as it falls below their threshold for calculating or determining budgetary impact. I would argue that in fact it will have a positive impact on spending. Currently, 50 percent of all pregnancies in this country are unintentional. Increasing access to safe, affordable family planning can only reduce this number. The average cost annually of oral contraceptives is estimated at $400 to $500. The cost of an uncomplicated delivery is close to $4,000, this excludes any prenatal or postnatal care. It does not take a budgetary expert to conclude that there will actually be savings from this amendment.  This amendment is also not about abortion. Let me make this very clear. This is not an abortion debate. No part of this amendment would require federal funding of abortions. It simply goes to those contraceptives that are currently approved by the FDA to prevent unintentional pregnancies. RU486 is not currently available in the United States. No plan would be required to cover RU486. If you ask any woman if there is a difference between abortion and contraceptives I can assure you that the answer would be yes.  Now let me tell you all what this amendment does. This amendment goes to the heart of women's health. Reproductive health and effective family planning are women's health issues. It is hard to go a week without hearing one of my colleagues talk about the importance of women's health. There are probably well over 500 pieces of legislation pending that impact women's health. Every member strives to have a solid record on women's health issues. Every member claims to be a champion of women's health. Yet denying access to safe, affordable contraceptives for federal employees poses a serious threat to women's health. On average, without effective, safe family planning, most women could expect to endure 12 to 13 pregnancies in her life time. While most women have safe and healthy pregnancies, for some it still can be life threatening. And for most women 12 or 13 pregnancies does pose a serious health threat.  In order to protect women's health and reduce infant mortality it is critical to plan for pregnancy. To place economic barriers for women to receive safe family planning services is to place a significant health burden upon us.  Many women may not even be aware, but women can expect to pay up to 68 percent more in out of pocket health care costs than men. Ask any woman if she is willing to pay 68 percent more for housing, or food or transportation and I can assure you the answer would be a resounding no. But, for health care this is actually what women face. I stand today to say we must reverse this trend. We already know that women can expect to earn 71 cents for every dollar earned by a man. Now we want to say that they should pay 68 percent more for health care or for any consumer product.  This is a basic question of equity and fairness. This is even more evident in the federal work force. By and large the federal work force is younger and paid less than the private sector. Effective family planning is even more essential in a younger work force. Many federal employees who live pay check to pay check. Yet, female federal employees have no guarantee that their insurance will not discriminate against them. If there is a health care benefitprogram that should offer a wide range of affordable reproductive health benefits, I would argue it must be the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan.  There are some of my colleagues who will argue it should be up to the plan or even some who will argue that Members of Congress should decide what methods of family planning are covered. It is these very Members of Congress who also argue that only the physician and patient should be making health care decisions. Not health plans or politicians. I urge my colleagues to think very carefully about who they want making life and death health care decisions. I would hope that my colleagues would concur that only physicians and the patient should be making these decisions. This is why the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists endorses this amendment. They know how dangerous it is to make life or death decisions based solely on economics or other arbitrary criteria.  Economic barriers and discriminatory insurance practices do threaten women's health. The National Commission to Prevent Infant Mortality determined that ``infant mortality could be reduced by 10 percent if all women not desiring pregnancy used contraceptives.'' With one action we could be reducing our tragic infant mortality rate in this country. The Institutes of Medicine's Committee on Unintended Pregnancy recommended that ``financial barriers to contraception be reduced by increasing the proportion of all health insurance policies that cover contraceptive services and supplies.'' As the largest purchaser of private health insurance in this country, the Federal Government should set the example for the private market. We should listen to the evidence of the medical community and research scientists and tear down economic barriers within the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan.  I urge my colleagues to let women and their doctors decide, not politicians and certainly not economics. Having access to the most appropriate family planning method without economic sanctions is a women's health issue. Each woman must have the ability to make this decision based on the recommendations of her doctor. To most women, this is a major women's health vote. This is a question of equity and fairness but more importantly it is an issue of access to safe, affordable reproductive health care services.  How would any Member of this body feel if we found out that our insurance policies would only provide access to one form of high blood pressure medication, regardless of the side effects? How would we react if a plan operating in the FEHBP said that they would charge a higher copayment for prescription drugs to treat heart ailments? How we would respond to these discriminatory practices that threaten quality, affordable health care for FEHBP participants? I can tell you how this member would respond. I would be on the floor offering amendments to end discriminatory insurance practices that result in nothing more than economic sanctions that diminished access to safe health care services.  We owe our federal employees more and we should be a leader on women's health. I urge my colleagues to vote for women's health instead of just talking about it.  