 President, I would like to respond to the statement my good friend from Idaho, Senator Craig, made about the Environmental Protection Agency and the Coeur d'Alene Basin's pollution problems. I appreciate that he did not offer his amendment, which I would have opposed, because I believe it would have severely restricted the State of Washington's rights to protect its citizens from pollution generated in Idaho.  At least one version of the senior senator from Idaho's proposed amendment would have given the governor of Idaho veto power over the Environmental Protection Agency's ability to protect the watershed shared by Washington and Idaho citizens. The amendment would have prevented the EPA from even studying expansion of the existing Superfund site without the Idaho governor's permission.  This is a bad precedent. I know there are many times when decisions made in one state can affect the quality of the water in another state. In this case, the Governor of Washington has publicly stated his support for potential expansion of the Superfund site to ensure all polluted waterways are cleaned up. Why should the governor of Idaho be allowed to thwart efforts to protect the quality of water in Washington?  I don't think he should.  Mr. President, I have written a letter to Senators Craig and Kempthorne asking them to work with me to develop a way to ensure we cost-effectively clean up the Coeur d'Alene Basin while ensuring my state's interests aren't jeopardized in the decision making process. I firmly believe we can do this.  I am committed to protecting water quality in the State of Washington. I believe we could establish a working commission, which would include the federal government, both state governors, and tribes, that could develop a model by which the Coeur d'Alene Basin would be quickly, cost-efficiently, and rationally cleaned up. However, giving one state's governor veto power is not the way to do it.  I pledge to work with the Idaho delegation, the State of Washington, and concerned citizens to ensure our waters are as pure as they can be. There are few more precious natural resources than water and we all must work to protect it.  Mr. D'AMATO addressed the Chair.  