 President, I am proud to be on the floor today as we discuss a budget that is balanced and does have a planned surplus for as far as the eye can see. It was only a few short years ago when we were here on the floor debating budgets that anticipated deficits well into the future. While I support the fiscal responsibility assumed in this budget, I have to rise in opposition. This budget does little to prepare for the next century and it allows the federal government to turn its back on our children. This budget is a failure for our children and our economic future.  During Committee consideration and floor debate, I attempted to amend this Resolution in an effort to ensure that children remain a top priority of the federal budget. Unfortunately, the Republicans chose to ignore the education and early development needs of our children. The Republican budget strategy is to spend for today and do little to plan for tomorrow.  As a new Member of the Senate Budget Committee in 1993, I was committed to reducing the deficits and restoring fiscal order to federal spending. I knew that it would be a tough challenge and a difficult task, but I also knew we owed our children this much. We had to end deficit spending and stop borrowing from their future.  I stood on this floor during the summer of 1993 when we debated the Deficit Reduction plan, which many of my Colleagues on the other side predicted would drive our economy into recession and do little to reduce the deficit. As we debate the fiscal year 1999 Budget Resolution, I am pleased to report that the discussion has gone from how to reduce the deficit to how to invest the surplus. The economy is strong and all indications show that economic growth will continue. Unemployment is at an all time low and interest rates are not raging out of control.  I am proud to have worked to get our fiscal house in order without jeopardizing our economic prosperity. I also welcome the new challenges of how to invest the surplus and maintain our investments in our future.  I am pleased that the Republican budget does do the right thing on Social Security. As called for by the President, the Resolution currently before us today does dedicate any budget surplus to saving Social Security. This is the kind of bipartisan work that I am pleased to be part of. Saving Social Security is important for current workers and future retirees.  Social Security is the most important anti-poverty program ever implemented by the federal government. As a result of the enactment of Social Security, far fewer seniors live in poverty when they retire. For many, having Social Security gave them the ability to retire. Without Social Security, old age would mean economic insecurity and instability. The program has been an unqualified success and we must continue this proud legacy.  We have made a commitment to today's workers that must be honored. When they retire or become disabled, Social Security will protect them and their families from economic disaster. We must do everything possible to maintain the success of Social Security.  But I am concerned that there are some who want to use the surplus to provide tax shelters to the most affluent. Make no mistake about it, simply allowing tax cuts to encourage workers to set up individual retirement accounts will not have Social Security. It will give those with more income a greater ability to shelter this income, but it does little to help Social Security. Keep in mind, Social Security is a social insurance plan, not a retirement plan. Insurance works best when the risk is spread across the population. Allowing the rich to shelter more of their income to save for retirement will not save Social Security.  Please do not hide behind saving Social Security to provide tax cuts to the most affluent. The American worker deserves a more honest and responsible approach. We can reform Social Security without dismantling the program. We need to work in a bipartisan manner to enact real reforms, not tax cuts in disguise.  I also urge my Colleagues on the other side not to fool themselves into thinking that dedicated all federal tobacco revenues to Medicare will save the program. Medicare's problems go well beyond just a cash reserve. Unlike Social Security, Medicare has always been a pay-as-you-go program. Simply throwing money at the program will do little to improve the long term condition of the Medicare program. We all know that structural changes are the real answer. We have to improve the health of senior citizens before we can hope to improve the financial health of Medicare.  I am pleased that my amendment regarding prevention benefits for Medicare beneficiaries was adopted by the Senate. If my Colleagues on the other side are serious about saving Medicare, we must increase the prevention focus within Medicare. It is simply beyond understanding why Medicare will not reimburse for prescription drugs to reduce cholesterol, but will pay for inpatient, acute care for by-pass surgery.  A greater focus on prevention will prove that we are serious about saving Medicare. Prevention benefits are the kind of reforms needed to really save Medicare. It seems almost insincere to target new federal tobacco revenues to Medicare and not put these benefits to use in improving the health status of senior citizens.  I think the greatest failure of this budget is the complete disregard for enacting real tobacco control legislation. The debate is not just about how to spend tobacco revenues, but enacting a national anti-smoking bill that could potentially wipe out smoking in less than one generation. We have an historic opportunity to end the plague of tobacco. We cannot afford to let this opportunity pass.  The Republican budget resolution creates huge roadblocks for enacting tobacco control legislation. I am concerned that the Resolution will block any new revenues for the Food and Drug Administration to regulate nicotine as a drug. Without new revenues, FDA cannot enforce youth access laws that prevent children from buying cigarettes. Without tobacco revenues, FDA cannot regulate an industry known for hiding the facts and lying to Congress. How can FDA challenge an industry that has creatively targeted our children?  There can be no anti-smoking national policy without a strong and well-financed FDA. Any attempt to pass anti tobacco legislation without a strong FDA will only fail. We will never end the tobacco companies attack on our children.  This Budget Resolution fails our children in many ways. Not just about tobacco, but in preparing them for the challenges they will face tomorrow. We have all seen study after study that proves we need to place education as a top priority at both the federal and state level. Our children do not have the resources and are not being given the opportunity to meet their potential.  I am disappointed in the lack of any effort in the Republican Budget Resolution to deal with overcrowded classrooms and decaying schools. How can we hope for high test scores when children have no heat in the classroom or windows covered with cardboard? How can we hope to prepare our children when there are 45 children in each classroom? How does a child receive the individual attention so important to cultivating their skills and their self esteem when there are 45 students for every teacher? Our classrooms boarder on chaos every day because of these deplorable conditions. Yet the Republican response was to simply ignore these problems.  These are not local problems as some may argue. A well educated and skilled work force is a national security issue. We cannot remain a global economic power without a well educated and skilled work force. If we do not dedicate the resources necessary to ensure that every child can learn and can learn in an environment that is geared toward more than just survival, we jeopardize our own economic stability. Education is not just a local concern or a concern of parents. Ask any businessowner about the need to have an adequate supply of skilled labor. I can assure you that this is not a local issue, but is becoming a national disgrace.  Ignoring investments in education is simply irresponsible and selfish. I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and address the pressing needs of today's classrooms. We can do better.  