 I thank my colleague from Minnesota for yielding me time.  Mr. President, as a member of the conference committee, I wish to express my deep appreciation for the committee's work and its leadership in crafting the higher education reauthorization bill that is so vital to our country's future. This bill is a major victory for students and teachers across America. The committee provided the opportunity to hear from countless witnesses from across the Nation who testified on everything from default rates to job hunting, campus crime to child care.  Mr. President, throughout the committee's effort on this bill, I worked to strengthen our Nation's commitment to providing the strongest training possible for schoolteachers. I am mostpleased with the bill's focus on teacher training and, in particular, its emphasis on technology training.  A year ago, I introduced the Teacher Technology Training Act to add technology to the areas of professional development and teacher training that are included in current law. I thank the chairman and the ranking members of both sides for their cooperation and support in adding these critical pieces to the bill.  The work of the committee on the teacher education provisions is really very historic and is a drastic overhaul of the previous teacher training section. Teacher quality grants will institute State level reforms to ensure both current and future teachers will possess the skills and academic knowledge to teach children effectively in their assigned areas. As a member of the Labor Appropriations Subcommittee, I will fight to ensure that this section is finally funded at a level that does make a difference in the classroom.  This teacher quality section particularly highlights training in the effective use of technology in our classrooms. All of us have witnessed the tremendous impact that technology now plays in our daily world. It affects the way we communicate, the way we conduct commerce, and the way our children learn in school. Young people today are in the midst of a technology explosion that has opened up limitless opportunities and possibilities in the classroom. In order for students to tap into this potential and be prepared for the 21st century, they have to learn how to use new technologies. But all too often teachers are expected to incorporate technology into their instruction without being given the training to do so.  We simply cannot allow students to teach our teachers in the rapidly expanding area of technology. I have toured several teaching schools and found them well supplied with up-to-date equipment. However, teaching students are often not provided adequate instruction in the use of that technology beyond simple communication purposes. It is not enough for a teacher to be able to just e-mail. They must use this education technology to advance their curriculum and to provide their students with resources along the information highway.  Last year, amazingly, just 10 percent of new teachers reported that they felt prepared to use technology in their classrooms; and only 13 percent of all public schools reported that technology-related training for teachers was mandated by the school, the district or teacher certification agencies; and only 18 States required preservice technology training.  This act will significantly turn those numbers around and provide our teachers with the training so critical to harnessing new technologies. So, again, I thank the conferees for their leadership on this effort. I also thank my colleague, Senator Wellstone, for his work on the TANF amendment. It is so important for literacy instruction and lifelong learning. I know this issue remained unresolved, and I hope my colleagues will listen to Senator Wellstone and will soon see the direct link between educational opportunities and economic self-sufficiency.  I believe this first generation of the new millennium will benefit immensely from the efforts put forth over this past year. From increases in financial aid, to campus security improvements, to technology instruction, this legislation will stand as a proud trademark of this Congress.  I thank the Chair. I yield my time back to my colleague from Minnesota.  