 President, when I came to the Senate in 1993, violence against women had reached a crisis point. The epidemic had spread through every community, across every ethnic group, and did not discriminate based on income, or age.  In 1994, Congress responded to this crisis. The enactment of the Violence Against Women Act in 1994 established a national strategy for dealing with this crisis. No longer would this kind of violence be tolerated. Congress made violence against women a federal crime and threw the weight of the federal government behind efforts to end this violence.  Senator Biden was instrumental in drafting the original VAWA. I am grateful for his efforts in the past and have always appreciated his work on behalf of this issue. I also want to thank Senator Specter for his efforts to funding these important programs. I have worked with him on the Appropriations Committee and have experienced first hand the benefits of having him on my side on an important family violence issue in the 1998 Labor, HHS Appropriations bill.  Enactment of VAWA in 1994 for me is one of my top legislative accomplishments. I know that we made a difference. I know that providing the resources to help women who are victims of violence seek safety and justice has saved hundreds of lives. I have visited battered women's shelters and talked to many advocates who tell me how important VAWA is. Reauthorization of this historic act must be a priority of this Congress. We can build on the success of VAWA and work to end violence against women.  I want to thank Senator Biden for working with me to include a prohibition against insurance discrimination in this legislation. I find this practice of discriminating against victims of domestic violence offensive and outrageous. To victimize a woman twice is inexcusable. Insurance policies that deny women health insurance or homeowners insurance simply because they have been victims of domestic violence can no longer be tolerated. To say that a victim of domestic violence engages in high risk behavior similar to a skydiver or race car driver is beyond comprehension. Enactment of VAWA reauthorization legislation will end this practice.  Believe me, insurance discrimination is a reality. I know of several cases, including one in my own state of Washington, where an insurance company refused to honor its obligation because the loss was the result of a domestic violence situation. There are many more documented cases of discrimination. Insurance companies should be ashamed of this kind of practice. Today we have a means to end it.  Enactment of this reauthorization legislation is an important step. But, it is only part of the solution. We must do more. We can help ensure that services are available to protect women and resources to local law enforcement to deal with the epidemic. However, the only real solution to ending domestic violence is economic security and stability for the woman. VAWA offers temporary solutions, but long term solutions require tearing down economic barriers for these women. Work place discrimination, lack of affordable child care, housing shortages, punitive welfare requirements, inability to change a Social Security number are all examples of these barriers.  Removing the economic barriers for victims of domestic violence is our next great challenge. I have been working with advocates in the State of Washington on legislation that would serve to end the economic sanctions many victims face.  But, first we do need to ensure the immediate safety of these women and their children. We need to provide resources to law enforcement to protect women and we need to guarantee that the courts treat offenders as violent criminals. The legislation that we will be introducing today accomplishes these goals.  This is one piece of legislation that will make a difference. 