 President, I thank my colleagues from Minnesota and Wisconsin for their support of this issue, for their understanding of this issue, for their backing and their commitment to making sure that we set as a priority in this country the issue of education and, most critically, the issue of class size across this country.  Mr. President, I came to the Senate 5 years ago. And I was frustrated when I came, and I felt that leaders in Washington, DC, were not really dealing with the issues that I talked about and I worried about at home at my kitchen table every night 2,500 miles away in the State of Washington.  I have to say that over the past 5 years we have begun to make progress and talk about the real issues that everyday families talk about at their kitchen tables every night. Certainly we have finally balanced the budget and stopped deficit spending, something that families worry about. But, more importantly, we have faced issues such as family medical leave that allows parents to take time off from their jobs to take care of a sick child. We have put 100,000 police officers on the streets because many families across this country at their kitchen tables worry about the safety of their families on a daily basis. We have addressed some of those critical issues and much more.  But today on the floor of the Senate, I can say with certainty that this Congress, under this proposed budget, is badly missing the mark when it comes to addressing the most important concern that every parent faces today and every family talks about at their kitchen table at night. Families ask: Will my child get a good education? Will my child get the attention they deserve? Will they be safe? Will they be taught the skills they need to get a job in tomorrow's economy? Those are the kitchen table conversations that worry every single family in this country.  Mr. President, I can tell you today I feel absolutely confident that I can speak to this issue with a lot of background and understanding. I came to the Senate with a daughter who was in 7th grade and a son who was in 10th grade. They both have spent their entire K-12 years in public education. I am a product of public education.  Today my daughter is a senior in high school, and she is my best adviser about what is happening in our public education system. And what they say to me--what my daughter and my son say to me--is, it is difficult to learn the skills that they need when they are in crowded classrooms. They do not get the attention they need in math or science or English, and they tell me that there is what they call ``hall rage'' in our classrooms because of crowded classrooms with a lot of kids in our classrooms. It tends to generate a lot of frustration and rage among our children, and safety is a concern.  Mr. President, as Senator Wellstone said, I come here as an educator. I am a former community college instructor. I taught parent education, and I also taught preschool. I had in my class twenty-four 4- and 5-year-olds. I know what a difference it makes when you reduce the number of children that are in a classroom.  When I had 18 children in my classroom, I could take the individual time that I needed to work with these young children to help them get a grasp on the alphabet, to begin to learn to spell their names, to understand the world around them, to sit down in groups with other children and learn how to ``get along'' --a skill too many kids do not have today. I know what happened the next year when I had 24 children in my class--much less individual attention; it became no longer teaching, it became crowd control.  I know as a teacher that reducing class size, particularly in the young grades, will make a difference for children across this country.  I also come here with experience being a school board member. I have managed budgets at the school district level. I know how tough those decisions are. I know how difficult it is to meet the demands that everyday school districts have. As a school board director in a suburban district, I was frustrated with the lack of funding that we got. We were frustrated with the lack of priority that education had at the Federal level, and we were constantly frustrated that we could not do the right thing.  I can tell you, as a schoolboard member who has managed thousands of dollars in education funding at the local level, this amendment, this goal, this direction for our country, is badly needed.  I also come here as a former State senator. I served on the budget-writing committee in my State senate. I know what a priority education is for our States, and I know how difficult it is for them to address this issue. My State of Washington has the fourth worst class size in the Nation.  If my State and other States across this country were told that this was a national priority and one that they would not just be told is a priority they have to do, but one that they got a jump-start with from the Federal level, it would make it easier for them and a priority for them to do what we are asking them to do and what they know they need to do.  I come here today as a budget writer in the U.S. Senate. I have served on the national budget-writing committee for 5 years. I have worked diligently to reduce the deficit and to make sure that we put our priorities in place. That is why, when I look at the budget that is on the floor today, I say the priorities are not in the right place. My amendment simply puts aside a reserve fund so that when this Congress begins to do what parents are asking them to do across this country, and to make this a national priority, we have in place a deficit-neutral account that we can begin to put funds in so that we can address this absolutely critical issue.  I have told you what my personal experience is. You have heard from several of my colleagues. But most importantly, studies back up what I have just told you. A 1989 study of the Tennessee STAR Program, which compared the performance of students in grades K through 3 in small and regular-sized classes, found that students in small classes--13 to 17 students--significantly outperformed other students in math and reading every year at all grade levels across geographic areas.  Mr. President, I have heard a number of my colleagues come to the floor and worry and fret over the fact that students are not graduating from high school with the skills they need to get into the job market. Class size makes a difference in their ability to get these skills. The studies show it. The followup study of the STAR Program in 1995 found that students in small classes in grades K through 3 continued to outperform their peers at least through grade 8 with achievement advantages, especially large for minority students. Class size reduction makes a difference. How long are we going to ignore these studies on the floor of the Senate? How long are we going to say no, not here?  Other State and local studies have since found that students in smaller classes outperform their peers in reading and math, they perform as well or better than students in magnet or voucher schools, and that gains are especially significant among African American males. The studies back up what my experience shows, and the studies back up what every single Senator and Congressman says that they have as a goal today, which is to improve math and science and reading skills across this country.  But we do not just have to listen to what the studies say; we should listen to what parents say. When any parent is sitting there the afternoon that their child comes home from their very first day of school in September, there are two questions that every single parent in every household across this country asks their child on that firstday of school when they come home. They say: ``Who is your teacher? How many students are in your classroom?'' Who is your teacher? Universal questions in every home across this country. Why? Because parents know that who that teacher is and the quality of that teacher is critical to their child's learning for the next entire 9 months:  ``How many children are in your classroom?'' Every single parent intuitively knows that their child will get a better education the smaller the class size. And I can tell you, when that student answers, ``35 children, 40 children,'' that parent feels, ``This is not going to be a great year.'' Parents know that the skills their child needs to succeed will be better learned in a smaller class size. And that is why they ask on the first day of school, ``How many students are in your classroom?''  Parents today are also concerned about children's safety. No surprise. And I can tell you as a teacher, and I know that every parent knows, that if a teacher has the ability to listen to their children, to work with their children, to prepare their children, and to really get to know those young people in their classrooms, their safety will be much, much better. And discipline will be much less of a problem, because that teacher has time to work with those tough kids that are in their classes today.  But, we have heard what parents say. We know what the studies say. What are teachers saying? I have taken some time over the last few weeks to ask teachers what they said about class size. These are the people, the professionals that are in our classrooms every day with our young people.  Here is what some teachers have said to me: This ``is the most important improvement we can make. A working condition that in many ways is [far] more important [to me] than salary. If teachers feel like they are making progress, other complaints seem minimal. If teachers feel behind, at a loss, and overwhelmed by large classes, any other problems loom large.''  ``It's not only important for classroom management, but also for time spent evaluating each student's work, and time for individual attention with each student.''  One teacher told me: ``The difference between teaching a class of 31 high school students and teaching 28 is the difference between lion-taming and teaching.''  Mr. President, students and teachers and parents know that class size reduction makes a difference.  I also have a young group of students that I work with in my home State. They are called my Student Advisory Youth Involvement Team. I go to them on a regular basis, and I tell them, as young people under the age of 18, that their voice is important here in the Nation's Capital and their priorities are important as well. And I ask them how they feel about different issues that are coming before the Senate.  I took some time to talk to some of those young students over the past several weeks about class size and what is happening in their schools and what could make a difference. Christopher Shim, who is a 17-year-old from Mercer High School, said, ``In elementary school, I actually felt I was pretty lucky. I was able to get personal time with the teacher, even though we had 30-35 students in my elementary classrooms.'' He continued, ``In high school, I have 40 people in my calculus class. This means any time I have a question, there are 10 people in line.''  Mr. President, we stand out here on the floor of the Senate and we talk about how important it is for our young people to get math and science skills, and yet here is a student who says when he needs help with a question in calculus, there are 10 people consistently in line. Smaller class sizes make a difference.  I had another student who said to me, ``In [my] high school civics class, there is only one teacher teaching two classes of 40 students each. It's harder to get through the curriculum and get answers to your questions.''  Mr. President, consistently students gave me comments. And I will be reading more of them throughout the debate. But one after the other, what these young people--who are in the classrooms today, where the stress is on them to get the good grades, to go on to college, to get a good job--what they told me consistently was that they felt that reducing class size was important.  Are we going to listen to parents? Are we going to listen to teachers? Are we going to listen to the young people themselves? Are we going to listen to the thousands of families across our communities today who know this makes a difference, who say to their child when they come home, ``How many kids are in your classroom?'' because they know? Are we going to listen to the studies? Are we going to say it is the right thing to do to make this a national priority? Or today on the floor of the Senate, are we going to say no? Are we going to say that 2 percent is enough? Are we going to say that education is no longer a priority of this Government?  I have heard too many people say, ``Leave it to the local school boards. Leave it to the States. It should not be a national priority.'' I could not disagree more. We cannot pass the buck any longer. Making sure that every one of our children gets a good education is a priority for every adult in this country, whether they are a parent, a community leader, a State leader, or a national leader. It is our responsibility to set the priorities within this budget. My amendment allows us to do that as the debate progresses across the rest of this year.  Mr. President, as you know, I feel strongly about this, and I know there are a number of my colleagues who are here today who support this as well.  I yield to the Democratic ranking member at this time for a statement.  