 President, I rise today to in support of the President's veto of the so-called Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act and urge my Colleagues to join me in defeating this real threat to women's health.  Most of what has been said here today in support of this ban is troubling, because some have implied that women make health care decisions in haste without much thought or understanding. Let me assure my Colleagues that women have the ability to make informed health care decisions. We are more than capable of understanding the difference between pre and post viability. We are more than capable of making wise health care decisions in consultation with our physicians and family. We do not need Members of Congress making our health care decisions. I believe that most women would argue that health care decisions are best left to physicians and patients.  We argue that patients and doctors should make health care decisions. Not insurance bureaucrats. Yet today many of my Colleagues are trying to make a major health care decision for many women in this country. Not just a health decision but for some women a life or death decision. This is why the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists oppose this ban. They understand the threat to women. They know first hand the complications that can develop throughout a pregnancy. They have experienced first hand the risk that many women face throughout a pregnancy. They are the one's we should be listening to in this debate.  That is the issue. Protecting the life and health of the woman. This is not about choice or even about the Constitution. This is about protecting the life and health of women.  Let me point out to my Colleagues, post viability abortions are prohibited except when necessary to save the life and health of the woman. This is the law of the land and I support it. But the legislation that the Administration wisely vetoed would undermine this standard established by the Supreme Court and includes no exception to save the woman's health and the life exception is so narrow that few could meet the test. There is no exception to protect a women's ability to have additional healthy children. There is no exception to give the doctor the ability to do what is right for his or her patient. This is a dangerous precedent that we cannot allow to go forward.  I have come to this floor many time to advocate on behalf of women's health. I have had many successes in increasing funding for research and in working to eliminate gender bias in research. I have worked to increase funding for breast cancer research. I have fought to improve and expand mammography coverage for Medicare beneficiaries. I have worked to increase focus on cardiovascular disease, the number one killer of American women. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I have always considered women's health one of my top priorities.  I am here today for the same reason, to continue my fight for the lives and health of women. I urge my Colleagues to talk to women who have had to make this decision to have this procedure. Listen to what their doctors told them and why they made the decision forced upon them. I know that if you could hear what they have endured and the heartache they have faced you would understand why today's vote is a women's health vote and why this ban is such a danger to women.  Let women and their doctors make these difficult decisions. This ban is a serious threat to women and their families. Please do not jeopardize a women's health and threaten her life based on gruesome diagrams that simply do not tell the real story.  I would urge all of those who believe that this legislation is necessary to take the time to listen to phyisicans and women who have had this procdure. I can guarantee that this procedure is only done in the final weeks of a pregnancy when it becomes medically necessary to save the women's life or health.  