 President, he says:       Properly laying a fallen Marine to rest is one of the final      tributes that the Marine Corps can render to our own. This      service provides comfort to grieving families and      demonstrates our wholehearted and enduring commitment to      those who have earned the title Marine. Unfortunately, I      continue to receive letters and E-mails from family members,      disappointed that the Marine Corps failed to support them      during their hours of need. I am appalled, dismayed and      outraged that I continue to receive these letters. Failing to      provide funeral support to a Marine, for whatever reason, is      completely contradictory to our ethos and diminishes the      value of our fallen comrades' service.  General Krulak goes on to say:       I want my intent and guidance to ring loud and clear      concerning funeral support to families of Marines and former      Marines--it is our duty and we would have it not other way!      Anything less is unacceptable.  These are very powerful words and I commend General Krulak and the Marine Corps for making this a priority issue. General Krulak has taken our objective from the very beginning of this effort and turned it into Marine practice each and every day.  Is it really too much to ask of our country that we do a better job remembering those who answered the call to duty, risked the ultimate sacrifice, and paved the way to the peace and prosperity we all enjoy today?  Until very recently, I doubted the DOD's sincerity in this effort. We do have a long way to go on this issue, I do think it is important to acknowledge that progress has been made in recent months on this issue. Of course, the Marines are taking a leadership role. But it should also be noted that Army and Air Force are taking positive steps on the burial honors issue. This progress is the direct result of pressure from the Congress, from our veterans, and from the families of veterans who fought for burial honors.  My amendment is an opportunity to build upon this progress. It's a step forward but I remind my colleagues that we cannot address this issue in steps alone. We need to move quickly, and that's what we are asking the Department of Defense to do.  I ask the Senate to accept this straightforward amendment. By adopting this amendment and holding the Department of Defense accountable, the Congress will send a powerful message to veterans that their service to us all will never be forgotten.  Mr. President, I know that this amendment has been accepted by both sides. I thank all of my colleagues for working with us. We are directing the Department of Defense to return definitively, quickly to us with a response to this before it is too late.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to add Senator Mikulski as a cosponsor.  