 President, we are engaging in one of the most important public health debates of this generation. We have a historic opportunity to enact a comprehensive, national antitobacco strategy to end the plague of death caused by smoking. As I listen to the debate here in the Senate I am discouraged by much of what I hear. This is not about taxes, or tax cuts. This is not about what the tobacco companies get or don't get in the deal. This is not about First Amendment rights or increased litigation. This is about one thing and one thing only. Will we stand up to the tobacco companies for our children?  Will the U.S. Senate say enough is enough. Will we fight to prevent the deaths of five million children under age 18 who will eventually die from smoking-related disease? Or will we allow the tobacco companies to shape the debate and beat back our efforts to protect children. Today, 4.1 million children age 12 to 17 are current smokers. Isn't this enough for the tobacco industry? Are we going to sacrifice more of our children?  I have listened very carefully to all sides on these issues. I have been told that a tax that is too high will bankrupt the industry. I have been lobbied by many claiming that without special deals, the tobacco companies will not agree to restrict advertising or will litigate this legislation to death. But, I have also heard from pediatricians; public health officials; former Surgeon General C. Everett Koop; and many Washington State members of the American Cancer Society, who have expressed their concerns by illustratingthe human costs of the lies and deceit utilized by the tobacco companies.  Tobacco kills more than 400,000 Americans every year. More people die in this country from smoking related illness than from AIDS, alcohol, car accidents, murders, suicides, drugs and fires. Twenty seven percent of Americans who die between the ages of 35 and 64 die from tobacco-related diseases. Isn't this enough? Why has it taken us so long to get to this point of the debate? 400,000 Americans die each year while we do nothing.  We owe our children more. I owe the children of Washington State more. I have an obligation to push for the toughest tobacco bill possible. I can promise you that on my watch the tobacco companies get no special deal and that protecting our children is what controls the debate. It is not what can the tobacco companies live with, but is right for our children.  The tobacco bill that I support will have economic sanctions that will force corporate culture changes by the industry. I will support efforts that penalize the companies if they continue to prey on our children. And I will not support anything that forgives an industry that sold a product that could potentially kill five million children alive today.  I have made some difficult decisions and votes throughout this process. But, I am proud of my votes to increase economic barriers to prevent children from purchasing cigarettes. I know the tobacco companies hate these kind of barriers. As we discovered in an internal Philip Morris document from 1981, ``In any event, and for whatever reason, it is clear that price has a pronounced effect on the smoking prevalence of teenagers.'' There is no dispute on the sensitiveness of children to price increases. Both public health advocates and the tobacco companies agree. The public health community supports these barriers and the tobacco industry fears them. But some in the U.S. Senate disagree that price matters. I stood up and said no you will not addict 3,000 children a day with cheap cigarettes.  Some of us argue on the floor that without special immunity protection or predictability, the tobacco companies will never accept tough advertising restrictions or consent to FDA regulation. To this I would respond simply by saying if we make the look-back surcharges so tough that without major cultural changes companies will see profits evaporate, we will get our advertising restrictions. If we show that these advertising strategies are aimed at our children we will get these restrictions. We do not need to give special deals that allow tobacco companies to walk away from their responsibilities.  The tobacco companies have lied to Congress and the American people now they want to negotiate in good faith. In the 1980's, there was legislation in the House of Representatives regarding safe cigarettes. There is technology that would allow tobacco companies to manufacture a cigarette that was almost fire safe. The Safe Cigarette Act, introduced by Representative Moakley was fought at every level by the industry. They claimed that it was not cost effective to make a cigarette that would prevent the tragic death of children in fires caused by a carelessly discarded cigarette. Saving children from a horrific death from fire was not enough of an incentive for the manufacturers to sacrifice some of their billions of dollars in profits. Instead they sacrificed children.  Now the industry wants immunity. We are supposed to give them caps on their liability and responsibility in exchange they will become responsible corporate citizens. This claim simply has no merit. They do not deserve any special deals.  Will the tobacco companies challenge these provisions in court? It is hard to imagine an industry that has patented their own brand of litigation and used legal maneuvers to hide their deceit and lies, walking away from another opportunity to challenge restrictions in court. If this industry wants to tie this up in court for years to come, I would say we need to make the look-back surcharges so tough that their own stock holders will not allow this kind of irresponsible behavior. I caution the tobacco industry--if you want to spend the next few years litigating instead of cleaning up your practices you may very well become extinct in the next Century. What would the world be like without the plague of tobacco? Maybe this is what the industry should ask the American people?  I urge my Colleagues to think long and hard about this debate. We will never get another chance like this one to really make the world a safer and healthier place for our children. Let's side with our children today instead of the tobacco companies.  