 President, I am so pleased we are finally acting to send this bill to the President. This important legislation has been delayed long enough. It has been over a year since the Kerrey/Portman IRS Reform Commission reported their findings to Congress and the American people. The Commission's report was extremely clear. The IRS had become a monster agency feared by law abiding citizens. It acted with total disregard for the rights of American taxpayers and ruled not through law or practice, but fear and fear alone.  I urge swift Senate action on the conference report to accompany H.R. 2676, the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act. The American people cannot afford any further delay or political grandstanding. The House passed their bill on November 5, 1997 and we passed a reform bill on May 7, 1998. We should have been acting on a final conference report months ago. Unfortunately, despite the extensive analysis contained in the Kerrey/Portman Commission's report, some in Congress chose to engage in partisan politics using IRS abuses as a mechanism for talking about the evils of ``big government.'' The American taxpayer deserved better.  The problems at the IRS are not about ``big government'' but rather an agency with a conflicting mission and little guidance from Congress. In each Congress, new and in some cases sweeping changes in the tax code are enactedinto law. The IRS must then swiftly implement these complex and difficult changes in the tax code. Excessive contracting restrictions and little managerial oversight results in an actions that border on the extreme.  I am pleased to have supported historic taxpayer Bill of Rights provisions in the 1993 deficit reduction plan. But, it became obvious from the Kerrey/Portman Commission report that additional taxpayer protection reforms were necessary. We could no longer allow the agency to rule by fear. American taxpayers should not fear challenging any decision made by the IRS. This should be the right of every American to challenge any decision by any federal agency. If an individual feels that the Social Security Administration erred in denying benefits, this individual can challenge this decision without fear of retaliation. No one should ever fear challenging the decision of any federal agency. But, sadly this had become the case with the IRS.  Many taxpayers simply were convinced that they had no choice but to submit and pay the often times excessive penalties and interest demanded by the agency. There simply was no assumption of innocence.  Taxpayers need this bill. This is not about those who do not honor their financial responsibilities. It is about protecting those that voluntarily pay their fair share. It is also about providing guidance to the agency responsible for implementing the laws that we pass. It is about leveling the playing field to ensure that taxpayers have the same rights and protections when dealing with the IRS.  The conference report adopts many of the provisions included in S. 1096, the original Kerrey/Grassley IRS reform bill which I cosponsored shortly after it was introduced. These provisions are essential if we truly hope to reform the IRS. The legislation will shift the burden of proof in many of the cases in U.S. Tax Court from the taxpayer to the IRS. Under current law, it is the responsibility of the taxpayer to disprove any charges brought by the IRS. This is counter to criminal law and makes it difficult for a taxpayer to disprove charges brought by an agency without almost unlimited resources. The legislation also mitigates interest charges and penalties for some tax cases. No longer with the interest charges and penalties significantly amount to more than that total taxes owned the IRS.  The conference report also includes new restrictions on the ability of the IRS to seize property. Too many times overzealous actions by the IRS resulted in the seizure of a business or the home devastating working families and leaving no means to repay taxes owed. What is even more outrageous is I have heard of cases where decisions to seize property were later overturned. The seizure of one's economic security cannot be part of a normal enforcement strategy for the IRS. It must be an extreme and final solution, not simply a compliance mechanism.  I am also pleased that the final agreement maintains an independent board to oversee actions within the agency. I have heard from many IRS employees about internal problems that create major obstacles to reform. An independent board drawing from the private and public sectors will provide some real strategic planning assistance for the Commissioner. It also ensures effective citizen oversight.  The IRS needs to put the idea of service back into the Internal Revenue Service. Its mission must be to serve the public and provide a cooperative environment for those voluntarily complying with their financial obligation.  The legislation will make a difference. No longer will a convicted criminal have more rights and protections than an honest taxpayer challenging the IRS. We should have acted many months ago. Every day the Republicans delayed this bill in the Senate resulted in more taxpayer abuses. More fear and more abuse. Today's actions will make sure this all stops.  Currently, honest taxpayers and business pay an average of $1,600 per person for those who do not meet their financial obligations. An estimated $120 billion a year goes uncollected by the IRS. We should be doing more to encourage more Americans to come forward and meet their obligations. But, so many taxpayers have simply given up. There is wide-spread belief that you cannot find fairness or respect at the IRS.  We need to give the IRS the tools and the guidance to bring respect back to the IRS. If we want American taxpayers to respect their government we must ensure that they are treated with respect and dignity. The legislation we are not considering meets this test.  I urge my colleagues to join with me in supporting effective and comprehensive IRS reform and restructuring.  