 President, I am pleased to join my colleagues in calling attention to the celebration of National Hispanic Heritage Month.  The Hispanic community in my home state of Washington is the youngest and fastest growing of any ethnic minority group, yet its history is a long one. indeed, Washington was a part of Mexico until 1819. The many Spanish place names that dot the landscape are only part of the legacy of the early Hispanic explorers and settlers. Early Hispanic pioneers helped lay the economic infrastructure of the region, bringing commodities such as wheat and apples and livestock.  Today Hispanic Americans continue to play a pivotal role in our state's economy. The contributions of Mexican immigrants has been vital in the growth and continued success of our state's agricultural industry. Hispanic-owned businesses range from the mom-and-pop small business to large corporate concerns. Hispanic citizens, taking advantage of their many ties to Mexico and other Latin American nations, have helped to expand trade, our state's economic lifeblood.  The contributions of Hispanic Americans are not limited to economic ones. Hispanic Americans have risen to positions of leadership throughout the state. They occupy elected offices at all levels of government, including our state legislature and judiciary. Hispanic community activists have led the fight for social equality. The Hispanic community has also enhanced our state's cultural life. Spanish language newspaper and radio, Latin American cuisine and Hispanic customs and ceremonies are an integral part of our state's landscape.  The Hispanic community has mobilized to meet the challenges facing it. Community-based organizations throughout the state are working to create educational and economic opportunities and meet the need for housing, health and social services. Their efforts benefit not only the Hispanic community but the state as a whole.  Washington State's Hispanic community is a dynamic and vibrant one. I salute their many accomplishments and contributions. I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating the diversity that makes our country so rich by commemorating National Hispanic Heritage Month.  