 President, I thank my colleague, Senator Burns, the chairman of the committee, who has done an outstanding job in leading our way through this bill.  Mr. President, the Senate today once again is addressing the line-item veto exercised by the President of 38 projects that were included in the fy 98 military construction appropriations bill.  Last fall, the Congress and the American people were informed of a list of 38 projects included in the military construction appropriations bill that fell victim to the President's new line-item veto authority.  The administration cited three criteria that were used in determining whether the President should veto certain projects.  The first criteria is that the project was not included in the President's fy 98 budget request. However, in creating our fy 98 military construction bill, it should be noted that careful thought went into considering the President's requests, the priorities included in the Department of Defense's five-year plan, and due consideration for the Guard and Reserve projects that are too often woefully overlooked by the Department in fashioning its request.  We balanced these interests with the interests of our constituents and the American people to come up with a comprehensive, reasoned and well-rounded list of projects that will benefit our country.  This balancing of interests is consistent with committee practice--particularly with regard to Guard and Reserve matters. The budget is not perfect, and Congress must act affirmatively to make the most responsible decisions.  The second criteria demanded by the White House is that the project was not a quality of life project, such as housing, dining, clinics, child care or similar family-oriented facilities.  This has always been my number one priority, and in fact, the subcommittee added many such quality of life projects on its own initiative.  I know the President shares my concern for quality-of-life initiatives, but there needs to be some give and take on both our parts to ensure that not only are we providing our men and women in uniforms with a high quality of life, but we are doing this without sacrificing our readiness capabilities.  The third and final criteria offered by the White House, which we were told had to be met by all projects selected, is that the project must be executable in fiscal year 1998.  Inexplicably, the administration claimed none of the projects were executable. However, this was not the case at all. In fact, all the projects included in the FY 98 Senate-passed bill were in fact executable.  By a standard set by the subcommittee itself along with recommendations of the Armed Services Committee, every project was deemed executable. Furthermore, the executable status of these projects was confirmed in Department of Defense reports.  Mr. President, the chairman and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, Senators Stevens and Byrd, rejected the vetoed items as an inappropriate overreaching of authority on the part of the administration.  I am gratified that the committee has stood up for the subcommittee's work. It is a substantially better product than the budget submitted by the President, and that is our job. The administration has no exclusive corner on wisdom in making its selection of projects.  Mr. President, the Senate passed a resolution of disapproval, rejecting the President's veto of the projects in the military construction bill last October 30, 1997.  Under the terms of the Line-Item Veto Act, the President then exercised his veto power of this Senate resolution. It is that final Presidential veto that we are attempting to override today, and thereby reinstate the viability of the projects originally subjected to his line-item veto pen.  While it is clear that the entire question as to the constitutionality of the line-item veto law is being considered by the Supreme Court and will be ruled on in the next few months, that nevertheless should have no impact on Senators' votes on the matter before us.  I suggest that Senators need not address their position on the constitutionality or wisdom of the line-item veto legislation itself to vote for this resolution. It was supported by 69 Senators last October, and I would hope it has at least that much support this afternoon when we vote on it again.  A vote for this measure is a vote against the administration's blatant exercise of power that was sloppy and rushed and resulted in many errors.  The subcommittee and full committee, as well as membership of both houses, labored over a period of several months to scrub the budget and add only those projects that were deemed worthy.  I hope that this measure will receive the strong support of the full Senate as it has in the past, and that this will be the end of this matter.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burns). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  