 President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by Senator Dodd, and I commend the Senator from Connecticut for attempting to make the Senate address the need to improve affordable childcare in this nation.  Mr. President, few issues are more important in determining the future of our children and our nation than access to safe and affordable child care. Ensuring the availability of affordable, quality child care programs must be a top national priority for us as lawmakers, as parents, and as citizens. Today, we have a rare opportunity tooffer hope to families struggling to find or keep their children safe and learning.  By sponsoring this amendment, Senator Dodd has sent an important message to every American who is working hard to raise a child--we know it is sometimes difficult, and we know your government has a responsibility to assist you in your most important work. With this amendment, of which I am lead cosponsor, we make room in the budget to lay out a vision for the type of assistance the American public has told us will truly help.  First, I must say that like many issues affecting children and families, child care is not a Republican or a Democratic issue. Senator Dodd and I have had the opportunity to work toward child care solutions with several Republican senators over the past couple of months. Although both parties and the administration have submitted differing child care proposals, I know we can all work together to create a new child care law that does what American families need. With the right mix of participation from families and communities, private industry, and government, we can create a child care system that is the envy of the world.  But we don't have that system today. And, this is why the Senator from Connecticut's proposal is so critical to our nation's success. Because child care is not just a place you put a child until you get home from work. If we know one thing about child care today, that many of us have long intuitively known was the case, it is that child care is an enterprise defined by the quality of education and care that it provides.  Let us examine some of what we know about child care in America today:  Recent research about the way a child's brain develops shows us the importance of quality care to a child's healthy development. The first three years of a child's development are decisive in determining that child's future. Quality child care, with an age-appropriate developmental and educational focus, provides the early stimulation required to correctly develop a child's sensitive neural systems.  It is time for policy-makers and the American public to reject the narrow view of early child care and education as separate entities. Early child development must now assume its place in our local and national funding priorities as an integral piece of the educational process. Child care lays the foundation required for a lifetime of learning.  Children who experience quality care demonstrate higher language and math skills when entering school. Our first National Educational Goal is that by the year 2000 every child will enter school ready to learn. Without quality early child development programs for all children, we cannot meet this important goal. Early child development also gives children the increased self-perception and social skills that allow them to succeed in school and in life.  We cannot continue to view child care as ``just another expense.'' Funding for quality care represents a wise investment in our nation's future. Studies consistently show that quality child development programs produce long-term positive social benefits. Quality care reduces the anti-social behavior and chronic delinquency which threaten the stability of our communities. Early child development must also be a priority if we truly want to halt the spread of crime. Law enforcement leaders across the nation agree that investments that create a safe and nurturing environment for children, especially in the critical hours between 3 and 10 p.m., will sharply reduce crime.  Some early childhood services for low-income toddlers have been found to cut the number of chronic criminal offenders by 80 percent and delinquency by 90 percent. By providing children with the preparation to learn, quality child care prevents the lack of literacy and marketable skills that force many people to rely on public assistance.  By reducing the later, more-expensive costs of public assistance and imprisonment, investment in child care can save billions of taxpayer dollars. The High Scope Preschool Study found that by providing increased tax revenues and reduced costs of crime and welfare, every dollar invested in high quality early childhood programs for low income children eventually saved $7 of taxpayer money.  Despite the monumental consequences, the current American ``system'' of early child development meets neither the demand for supply, nor the quality required of it. In too many communities, parents are simply unable to find affordable, quality care. The situation is especially acute for low-income parents; the working poor currently face waiting lists in thirty-eight states. Although children from low-income families receive the most benefit from child care, they attend child development programs at only half the rate of children from high-income families.  The 1996 welfare law dramatically increased the already urgent demand for affordable, quality child care. Welfare plans will direct over two million parents, mostly mothers, into the workforce. Without the support provided by child care which meets at least minimal standards of affordability and quality, few parents can afford to leave the home for the workplace.  Too many existing child care programs fail to provide developmentally-appropriate care. Studies show that less than a tenth of child care centers provide appropriate care. A recent national study found that most centers provide care that is poor or mediocre. The widespread lack of appropriate training and experience, and the lack of safe facilities, holds long-term consequences for the health and development of American children.  Efforts to improve K-12 education can never be fully successful when one-third of our children enter kindergarten unprepared to learn.  We cannot not allow providers to maintain environments which harm our children. The federal government must do something to help states improve their standards--we cannot allow dangerous and inadequate child care environments to continue. A recent analysis of state regulations found that no states have child care safety regulations above the ``mediocre'' level.  We must also improve standards in the half million to million unlicensed home child care businesses operating in this country. Simply because a child is in an unlicensed facility does not decrease her need for developmentally-appropriate challenges. There are things we can do to increase the kind of care that stimulates a child's early growth.  Parents are an integral part of a child's early developmental growth and must have the opportunity to become involved in early child care programs. Parents cite lack of time as the top reason for not becoming involved in their children's education. I am proud to have sponsored the Time for Schools Act of 1997 which expands uses for time under the Family Medical Leave Act to allow parents to be involved in their children's education, or to take care of child care emergencies, without losing their job.  There is also so much more we can do to involve parents in the care and education of their children. Across this nation, people have worked to put tools in the hands of parents, so they can make the best choices possible when it comes to the care of their children. The family is the engine that drives our economy and society. Any child care legislation must include efforts to get parents and families the information they need, whether it's about choosing quality child care, choosing to stay home and care for a child, or choosing strategies to make caring for a child safer and more affordable.  There are things that states across the nation can learn from my the experiences of my home state of Washington. Washington state has a child care system nationally recognized for its excellence. State licensing requirements far exceed federal standards and go further than almost all state regulations towards ensuring safe child care. The state has implemented an integrated system of child care assistance for all low-moderate income families, regardless of whether they are involved in work first programs. In addition, the state legislature has instituted a training requirement for child care professionals, and provided initial funds for a training system and a registry to track that training.  But even in a state like Washington, the lack of investment from the federal level forces difficult choices at the state level--in our case, lower subsidies which are reducing options for low-income parents.  So whatever solutions we seek here must give assistance flexibly to states, so individual states can make improvements in the areas where they need it most.  Two other discussions in my state are very promising, and they deserve your attention.  First, there is the work of the Human Services Policy Center at the University of Washington. The Policy Center has reached out to leaders in the private and public sectors, and to parents and the child care community, and come up with recommendations to improve child care financing. Their study, ``Financing Quality Child Care in Washington,'' provides a thorough review of the state of child care financing in one state, with implications for our national debate.  Another very exciting discussion and project is underway in Spokane, Washington, of which you all should be aware. It is a family child care demonstration home and small business center, created by a wide array of partners:  Founding partners, including The Health Improvement Partnership of Spokane, Holy Family Hospital, the Nevada-Lidgerwood Neighborhood, and Northwest Regional Facilitators (the local child care resource and referral agency); and newer partners, including the Child Care Facility Fund of Washington State, the Dayton Hudson Foundation, Spokane Falls Community College, Eastern Washington Association for the Education of Young Children, Eastern Washington Family Child Care Association, Family Care Resources, Kathy Modigliani National Accreditation, the National Association of Child Care Resource and Referral Agencies, the Washington State Office of Child Care Policy, the Small Business Development Center, and the Washington State Child Care Resource and Referral Network.  The project is called the ``Family Child Care HOME (Hands On Model Environment)'' and provides child care in a high quality family child care setting for children from infant to age twelve. The projects also provides orientation and training for child care providers, and a business incubation center for new family child care businesses. The HOME project partners have also set up a revolving microcredit loan program, for child care providers to purchase equipment, expand their business, acquire professional training and remodel their facilities. On site at the child care home, there is a library, equipped with toys, books, start-up supplies, videos, and child centered leaning materials for all child care providers throughout the county. In addition, there is a consumer education center for parents, businesses, and communities to learn more about family child care.  I have gone into some detail today, about the state of child care in this nation, and some examples from my own home state, because the Dodd amendment gives us a chance to do something good for American families.  The Senator from Connecticut has introduced legislation to address this issue more comprehensively than the amendment before us today. I am proud to be a cosponsor of that bill as well. But if we do not pass this amendment, this Senate will never even have a chance to debate the merits of the bill that could actually improve child care for working parents.  Working Americans, many of them lower income, are in the greatest need for assistance in our current child care system; the Dodd-Kennedy-Harkin-Murray ACCESS bill would do a lot of important things to help them. It includes refundable tax credits to provide such assistance. The ACCESS bill does not mandate national standards; it gives states the funding and flexibility to make quality improvements where they see them as necessary. The bill expands Family and Medical Leave to more employees. Taken along with my ``Time for Schools Act'' allowing parents to take care of child care emergencies, this represents a true step forward.  The ACCESS bill provides funding for important quality improvements, including resource and referral services --currently the best source parents have for child care information in many states. Parent education can be expanded with these funds--giving parents the kind of information and resources they are looking for.  The bill makes several changes to promote the kind of private/public partnerships happening in my state. It sends out challenge grants and employer tax credits, but doesn't limit businesses' involvement to the children of their own employees. The quality of child care in the community as a whole will benefit from such provisions.  But the point here today is that we will never even have a chance to pose such questions to the Senate if the Dodd amendment is rejected. That is because the budget resolution before us today does not allow us to debate childcare. It makes no provisions for addressing the childcare needs of American families. By reading this resolution, one could easily conclude the majority party in the Senate simply does not care about childcare.  Not every partent can afford to hire a nanny to look after their children. When we begin to see child care, especially family child care, as a business opportunity, and supporting investments that lead to child care businesses becoming licensed and meeting other quality guidelines then we will begin to build capacity in our communities. We want people to enter this business, to do it well, and to succeed.  As I mentioned, there is bipartisan agreement about the need to improve child care in this country. There must also be agreement about funding, or we will not have child care improvement this year. I can assure the American public that if Congress hears loudly enough about the interest and need for child care improvement, we will find the money for this. Within the context of a balanced budget, with or without a tobacco settlement or any other possible funding source--if this is a national priority, we can take this step.  But the American people must weigh in, or it will not happen. Increasing the supply of quality child care must become a top national priority. Failure to do so threatens our children's future, and that of our nation. I urge my colleagues to support the Dodd amendment.  