 President.  I listened with interest to my colleague from the other side of the aisle debate the issue of whether or not we as parents across this country believe that our class sizes should be reduced and that it will make a difference. I heard numbers that don't take into account what is really happening, because that is the number of adults in a school that my colleague from Arkansas referred to--the nurses, the counselors, librarians, social workers. What we are talking about here is the need to put new teachers across this country into classrooms so we can reduce class size.  I speak to all of the people who are listening to this debate today. When you hear somebody say your class sizes are the right size, think about how many kids are in the classroom in your local school; think of the amount of attention they are getting; think about whether or not they are getting the skills that you as a parent want them to get. If you agree with me that class size reduction will make a difference, call this Senate and let us know. Call this Senate and let us know. People across this country need to let us know that you recognize it is our responsibility as adults at every level to make sure that our children are getting a good education. Parents know it, teachers know it, and studies show it: Class size reduction makes a difference. We can't pass this off and say it is somebody else's responsibility; it is our responsibility.  I heard my colleague say there is a philosophical difference. You bet there is a philosophical difference. There is a philosophical difference between those who believe we should go down a path of block grants and cuts, meaning high-need students will get less. There is a proposal that we eliminate the Department of Education and no longer even say public education is in the domain of this country or that we care about it as a priority.  This current budget that was passed by the Republicans just a short time ago cut education by $2.2 billion. The IRA proposal in front of us that takes us down a road where somebody gets $7 in the year 2002 for education, it is a narrow road that says in the future only a few children will get a good education.  The philosophy I believe is that every child, no matter who they are, where they come from, or how much money they have in these United States of America, will be able to get a good public education. We can do that by reducing class size, by rebuilding our crumbling schools, by making an investment in our teachers and training them with the skills they need to teach our children. That is the philosophy that will make sure we have a strong democracy in the future.  I hope that parents across this country weigh in on this debate. It is a critical one for the future of all of us.  