 President, I rise to state my strong support for the Senate version of H.R. 1151. This legislation is important, bipartisan and should be adopted unanimously by my Senate colleagues. I commend the members of the Banking Committee, where I served for four years, for crafting this legislation and moving it to the floor for full Senate consideration.  I will vote for the Credit Union Membership Access Act. It is the right thing to do and the Senate is overdue in taking this action. This legislation clarifies credit union membership in a manner that protects consumers and the competitive financial services industry. In the Senate bill, existing credit union members are grand-fathered into their current credit unions and new common bond criteria are established for future growth in the credit union industry.  Mr. President, the credit union legislation is widely supported by consumer rights organizations including the Consumer Federation of America and the American Association of Retired Persons. Other key supporters of this legislation include the National Farmers Union, the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, the National Association of Counties, the Fraternal Order of Police and the American Small Business Association. Perhaps most noteworthy to me is the strong support of my constituents for this legislation. Thousands and thousands of credit union members have contacted me, hundreds have visited my office with personal credit union anecdotes, and numerous others have approached me on my travels through Washington state. This issue has resonated with my constituents who value and want to preserve and protect credit unions and the services they provide.  Importantly, with the August recess approaching and the 105th Congress soon to adjourn, we still have time to get this legislation to President Clinton for his signature. That must be theSenate's objective today; to get this legislation to President Clinton so that we may address the field of membership situation created by last February's Supreme Court decision.  The Senate did make a number of important changes to the House passed bill. For example, the Senate version of credit union legislation includes new provisions to protect the soundness of credit unions, new capital standards and prompt corrective action for undercapitalized institutions, limitations on commercial lending, new accounting and auditing procedures, and community reinvestment requirements.  While I support the Senate Banking Committee's efforts to improve the House adopted bill, the field of membership issue is really what this bill is all about. The Senate should not lose sight of this objective and certainly, the Senate should not let additional issues imperil this bill. Therefore, I will vote against the amendments to this bill; some of which have been described as killer amendments, and others that will complicate final passage of this bill.  I urge prompt passage of the credit union legislation.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, as a strong supporter of the credit union industry, I rise to express my support for H.R. 1151, the Credit Union Membership Access Act, on which the Senate will vote today.  As my colleagues are aware, this bill was overwhelmingly passed in the House of Representatives by a vote of 411-8. I anticipate that the support for this bill in the Senate will reflect that of the House of Representatives, and will again pass with a notable bipartisan majority.  Mr. President, this issue came to the forefront when the Supreme Court agreed to hear the Credit Union's arguments for increasing the size of their base membership. While I understand the objections which the banks raised regarding the growth of credit unions, I have always believed that consumers should have the broadest range of choices in financial services.  I support the Credit Union Membership Access Act because I believe that members on both sides of the aisle have worked hard to ensure that this bill is fair and balanced and protects both the rights and securities of consumers.  