 President, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I do strongly support the work of Chairman Bond and Senator Mikulski. I do not take challenging an appropriations bill lightly. However, in this instance, I feel strongly that I must join my colleagues Senator Wellstone and Senator McCain in seeking to repeal the veterans grab contained in the recently adopted transportation and IRS legislation.  The bill before us today is a veterans bill. It funds health care and I thank the leaders of this subcommittee for increasing health care funding by more than $200 million. This increase in health care funding is my number one veterans priority. I also strongly support the subcommittee's work on VA medical research, the national cemetery system, and homeless veterans. These are all very important programs.  However, I continue to oppose the veterans offset used to fund increases in transportation. These cuts have been attached to politically popular bills. The transportation legislation and the IRS reform bill both passed by overwhelming and bipartisan margins. Both were admirable pieces of legislation with the exception of the veterans grab hidden within those bills.  I have been fighting this veterans grab all year. It was in the President's budget and I opposed it. At the Budget Committee, I voted against Democratic and Republican proposals that included the disastrous cuts to veterans health. And on the Senate floor, I voted against the Craig/Domenici amendment to validate the $10 billion cut in veterans funding and against the budget one final time in opposition to these cuts to veterans.  Just last week, I asked the Senate to sustain a point of order on the IRS reform bill to support my effort to strike the veterans cuts. That most recent effort failed by one vote. One vote.  My colleagues need to know that this issue is not going to go away. This issue has touched a nerve with America's veterans. They are deeply offended that the Congress and the Administration would divert money targeted to care for sick veterans to pay for other spending priorities. That's why Senator Wellstone, Senator McCain, Senator Rockefeller, and I will keep coming back.  Our efforts to repeal the $17 billion veterans grab have been denied through procedural maneuvers. Some may think this insulates them from accountability. It does not. Veterans know that procedural moves are being used to block a straight up or down vote on this issue.  This amendment is a special opportunity for the Senate. With our votes for Wellstone-Murray-McCain, we can send a very clear message to veterans all across our country. Passage says that the United States Senate recognizes that using veterans funding for other spending priorities is wrong. Passage of this amendment says to veterans that we are moving to restore this funding to where it belongs. The $17 billion belongs at the VA.  I urge my colleagues to support the Wellstone-Murray-McCain amendment to repeal the veterans cuts associated with the transportation legislation.  