 President, I rise today to express my strong support for S. 1882, the Higher Education Reauthorization bill. This bill is a major victory for students and teachers across America. As a member of the Committee, I have had the opportunity to hear from countless witnesses from across the nation who have testified on everything from default rates to job hunting, campus crime to child care. With a daughter entering college this fall, this issue has provided me with some very interesting insights into the higher ed challenges, millions face each year.  Throughout the Labor Committee's effort on this bill, I worked to strengthen our nation's commitment to providing the strongest training possible for school teachers. I am most pleased with the bill's focus on teacher training and in particular its emphasis on technology training. A year ago, I introduced the Teacher Technology Training Act to add technology to the areas of professional development and teacher training included in current law. S. 1882 now contains my legislation, and I thank Chairman Jeffords, Senator Kennedy and Senator Warner for their cooperation and support in adding this critical piece to the bill.  The work of the committee on the teacher education provisions is really quite historic and a drastic overhaul of the previous teacher training section. The bill provides Teacher Quality Enhancement Grants that will institute state-level reforms to ensure both current and future teachers possess the skills and academic knowledge to teach children effectively in their assigned area. As a member of the Labor Appropriations subcommittee, I will fight to ensure that this section is finally funded at a level that does make a difference in the classroom.  This teacher quality section particularly highlights training in the effective use of technology in the classroom. All of us have witnessed the tremendous impact that technology now plays in our daily world. It affects the way we communicate, the way we conduct commerce, and the way our children learn in school.  Young people today are in the midst of a technology explosion that has opened up limitless possibilities in the classroom. In order for students to tap into this potential and be prepared for the 21st century, they must learn how to use new technologies. But all too often, teachers are expected to incorporate technology into their instruction without being given the training to do so. Many students in our public schools have told me they know more than their teachers about how to use computers.  We can not continue to rely on students to teach teachers in the rapidly expanding area of technology. I have toured several teaching schools and found them well supplied with up-to-date equipment. However, student teachers are often not provided adequate instruction in the use of that technology beyond simple communication purposes. It is not enough for a teacher to be able to email or use computers merely for administrative reasons, they must be able to use this education technology to advance their curriculum and provide their students resources along the information highway.  Last year, just 10 percent of new teachers reported that they felt prepared to use technology in their classrooms, while only 13 percent of all public schools reported that technology-related training for teachers was required by the school, district, or teacher certification agencies. Currently only 18 states require pre-service technology training.  This act will significantly turn these numbers around and provide our teachers with the training so critical to harnessing new technologies. I again thank Chairman Jeffords and Senator Kennedy for their leadership on this effort. This technology training for teachers has been supported by a wide array of interests including the National Education Association, PTA, Society for Technology in Education, National Association of Secondary School Principals, National School Boards Association, Information Technology Association of America, Washington State School Directors, the Software and Digital Alliance, the Colleges of Teacher Education. I also would like to thank Senator Wellstone for his work on the TANF amendment, so important for literacy instruction and lifelong learning.  With increased Pell Grants and decreased interest rates on loans, students can begin to think about their future rather than paying for their past. I believe this first generation of the new millennium will benefit immensely from the efforts put forth over this past year. From simplifying the financial aid process to campus security improvements to technology instruction, S. 1882 will stand as a proud trademark of this Congress.  