 President, we are about to consider, I believe, one of the most important amendments that this body faces. It has to do with public education and the direction that this Congress, this Senate, this budget is going in that will affect the lives of thousands of students and their families and their neighborhoods and communities across this country.  Mr. President, I believe one of the main principles that this country was founded on was that of education, public education, the ability for every child in this country, no matter who they are, where they come from, what their financial background is, to have a strong education, an education that will allow them to learn how to read, how to write, how to participate in a democracy, and how to be a contributing citizen to our economy once they have reached the adult age.  Mr. President, I think it is very shocking that this budget which sits before us and the policies we are about to put in place say to students and their parents across this country that education is no longer a top priority in this country. I think that is a terrible message and one that we have to change with this budget today. Now is the time.  Mr. President, it is amazing to me that in the fiscal year 1998 budget, the entire budget--look at this chart--2 percent of our entire Federal budget goes to education. Yet, when you ask parents and families and people across this country whether or not we are spending enough on education, only 9 percent of this country think we are spending too much; only 26 percent think we are spending the right amount; and 58 percent of the people in this country believe we are spending too little on education. Mr. President, I could not agree more.  Two percent of our budget is not enough. It is not enough funds for our children, and it is the wrong message in this country, where we believe that democracy will survive if every one of our children has the access they need to a quality education--be it public or private. But in particular, in terms of what we spend here in the Nation's Capital for students across this country, it is far too little.  The amendment that we now have before us simply establishes a deficit-neutral reserve fund for class size improvement, especially in the early grades. It was used as an offset for any available mandatory savings or revenues, with the exception of tobacco revenues. What this amendment does is put in place a placeholder, if you will, in the budget so when this Congress begins to listen to parents and students and families and teachers and communities across this country, we will have a placeholder in the budget that we can at our discretion put available funds into to make sure that we address the issue of class size.  I know that class size reduction makes a difference. Every parent in this country knows that, every teacher knows that, businesses know that, and communities know that. And throughout this morning's debate, I will talk about what parents say, what students say, and what teachers say, because I believe if we begin to fundamentally address the issue of class size and thetremendous loads in our classrooms today, we will begin to address the critical need of education and make a tremendous difference for our country in the future.  Mr. President, at this time, I will yield such time as he may need to Senator Wellstone to speak on behalf of this amendment, and then I will go into detail about my amendment and what I want to do in this budget.  