 President, this is the sixth year I have been a Member of the U.S. Senate. And this is the sixth year I can recall debating campaign finance reform. I have voted to pass campaign reform legislation in 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, and now 1998. We actually passed a good bill in the Senate in 1993. Each time it has been killed off by filibuster.  Each time I thought, this is it. This is our chance to make some changes that the people of this country will notice and respect. This is our chance to restore a measure of faith in American democracy. While I've had my share of disappointments, today we are here again with a rare and valuable opportunity to actually get a bill signed into law.  Mr. President, it is critically important that we pass campaign reform legislation. The health of our democracy is not good. Yes, the economy is strong, crime is down, and people are generally feeling good about their lives. But there is an undercurrent that I find deeply troubling, and it's been building for the past two decades.  People simply do not like government. They do not trust government, and they do not feel like they are part of the process. They are losing faith and I think it would be terrible if we did not do something to re-invigorate peoples' interest in American democracy.  If any of my colleagues doubt this, just look at voter turnout rates and voter registration rates. People just are not participating any more, and it gets worse each year.  What exactly is the problem? Money, plain and simple. Too much money, having too much influence over our democratic process.  The campaign system is so clogged with money, there is hardly room left for the average voter. Political campaigning has become an industry in this country. In the last election, over a billion dollars were spent on federal elections alone. To what end?  That money--much of it undisclosed, from dubious sources--flowed into the political arena and dictated the terms of our elections to the people. Like water, it flowed downhill into campaigns all across the country. Some of it came out in the form of national party ads attacking candidates in the abstract; some came out in the form of issue-ads by interest groups trying to influence the outcomes. Some of it came out in the candidates' own TV ads.  It reaches the point where you almost cannot hear the voices of the candidates or the people anymore, only the voices of the dueling special interests. We do not know who pays for these ads, where they get their money, or what they stand to gain if their candidate wins. Yet they have found ways to have a huge influence over the election process.  Opponents of reform argue against the McCain-Feingold bill on free speech grounds. They argue politicians and political parties should be able to take money in any amount from anyone in order to make the case for their re-election. They believe that having more money entitles one to a greater influence over our campaigns and elections. I find this argument shocking, Mr. President. I find it profoundly un-democratic, and un-American.  The last time we debated reform, I told a story of a woman who sent my campaign a small contribution of fifteen dollars. With her check she enclosed a note that said, ``please make sure my voice means as much as those who give thousands.'' With all due respect, Mr. President, this woman is typical of the people who deserve our best representation. Sadly, under the current campaign system, they rarely do.  I have tried to live by my word on this issue. My first Senate campaign was a shoe-string affair. I was out spent nearly three-to-one by a congressional incumbent. But because I had a strong, grassroots, people-based effort, I was able to win.  Since then, I have worked hard to keep to that standard. I have over 35,000 individual donors. The average contribution to my campaign is 69 dollars. Nearly 75 percent of my contributions come from within Washington state. I firmly believe that's the way campaigns should be run: by the people.  We need more disclosure, not less. We need more restrictions on special interest money, not fewer. We need less money in the system, not more. We need to amplify the voices of regular people, instead of allowing them to be shouted down by special interests.  Mr. President, the opponents of reform miss the point. In America, money does not equal speech. More money does not entitle one to more speech. The Haves are not entitled to a greater voice in politics than the Have-nots. In America, everyone has an equal say in our government. That is why our Declaration of Independence starts with, ``We, the people.''  When this Congress started, I thought this might really be our chance to pass a bill. The public was paying more attention. The excesses of the last campaign season, brought to light through the good work of the Government Affairs Committee, made campaign reform a front-burner issue in every kitchen in America. More than one million signatures were delivered to the Capitol from people all over America who joined a nationwide call for reform.  A bipartisan group of Senators committed to reform worked overtime to craft a reasonable reform measure that makes sense for America. I think weall owe a debt of gratitude to Senators McCain and Feingold for their work. They generated public support, made their case to the media, and pushed for the last few votes necessary to pass a bill. Well, the time has come to see if this is our chance to do the right thing.  Our like-minded colleagues in the other body did find the votes, and they did pass a good strong bill. The Senate has more than enough votes to pass the same bill on an up-or-down vote. All we need are eight more votes from the majority party to do the right thing for America. Mr. President, who will it be? Who will be the heroes on this vote? And who will let down the millions of American citizens who have grown sick, tired, and alienated from our democratic system?  Mr. President, I believe we have made this debate way too complicated. After all the maneuvering, the cloture petitions, the technicalities, the procedural votes, this issue boils down to one basic question: are senators willing to make some modest reforms to reduce the influence of big money in politics and encourage greater voter participation? Or are they more interested in protecting the current system, and the ability of parties and politicians to turn financial advantage into political advantage?  Are you for reform, or against it? Are you with the people, or against them on the need for a more healthy democracy? The votes we are taking today will show the answers to these questions.  