 President, I rise to make a few remarks about expansion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization or NATO.  I believe in a United States that is an activist leader and respectful participant in world affairs. This leadership comes with responsibilities that are often difficult for the United States: troops stationed and foreign aid dollars expended abroad; cooperation with international organizations like the United Nations; and the decision on NATO expansion that is before the Senate today. U.S. leadership abroad remains a vital national interest to the American people. My record as a United States Senator is strongly in support of a United States fully engaged with the world, a country and a people that participate and lead the international efforts to address the many problems that transcend borders and cultures.  NATO, since its founding in 1949, has been a successful foundation of U.S. security and cooperation with our European allies. This was particularly true throughout the period of the Cold War. The collapse of the Soviet Union and communism can be partially credited to NATO; both to the alliance's collective defense arrangements and to its complimentary role in bringing Europe together which has fostered democratic and economic ties among countries with historical and cultural grievances. NATO has played a significant role in creating a Europe free from serious conflict for nearly 50 years.  The Senate is now considering whether to enlarge the sixteen member alliance by admitting Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary. Few will deny that these three countries are prepared and committed to assuming the responsibilities of NATO membership. Few will contest the statement that these three countries have long ties to the West; that these three countries are the most Western states of the former Soviet bloc. And few will assert that these three countries face any military threat from Russia or other foe, either today or in the foreseeable future. I am confident that the enormous changes that have taken place in Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary will not be jeopardized by the upcoming vote. These changes including the creation of democratic institutions, new respect for human rights, and a growing market economy all enjoy enormous public support and will be continued regardless of Senate's decision on NATO expansion.  I do have a number of very serious concerns about NATO expansion including several which have been addressed through the amendment process. My concerns have very little to do with the three candidates for NATO expansion. In fact, I believe the United States and our allies should take aggressive steps to support these burgeoning democracies which have demonstrated so much promise since the fall of the Soviet Union. Each of these countries has a remarkable story to tell and each is deserving of closer ties to the United States and the West.  I voted for the amendment offered by Senator Harkin to call for an accurate accounting of all expenses to the United States related to NATO expansion. The Senate and the American people ought to better understand the obligations we are assuming if we agree to NATO expansion. I have no confidence in the various cost estimatesthat have been presented during this entire process. In fact, I am fairly certain the costs to U.S. taxpayers will exceed even the Administration's highest estimates. The various cost estimates for NATO expansion have ranged from $1.5 billion to $125 billion.  Opponents of the Harkin amendment argue that the U.S. is not issuing a blank check on behalf of our taxpayers. Certainly, Congress will object to escalating costs for NATO in the future and particularly if a significantly larger NATO burden falls upon the United States. However, my concern is that without a full accounting of costs, the United States is assuming a new moral and financial obligation to NATO without adequate consideration by the Senate. U.S. prestige and our position in the world should not be risked at some future point because we did not know or were not prepared to consider today the full costs on NATO expansion.  The Moynihan amendment to link NATO expansion with admission to the European Union also addresses my concerns regarding the most appropriate forum for integration between the West and the many former Soviet satellite states seeking closer ties with Western Europe and the United States. Senator Moynihan has been an articulate voice throughout this debate and I do agree with many of the eloquent points he has brought before the Senate. I voted for the Moynihan amendment as I believe European Union membership is the most appropriate of the available forums for integrating with the West the three nations invited to join NATO.  These three countries are in various stages of economic development and each is committed to improving the lives of its citizens through closer ties to the West. In my mind, the European Union is a far better vehicle for economic growth and integration with the West. Participation and inclusion in the EU and its marketplace will pay dividends for the people of Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary that far outweigh the security assurances inherent with NATO membership.  The European Union has begun negotiations for EU admission with Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary and several other countries. Frankly, I am very skeptical that the EU will in a timely manner admit new members. The EU has a history of protected industries--particularly agriculture--and I doubt Europe's protected industries will be anxious to take on lower wage countries or significant agricultural producers. Export states here at home, like my state of Washington, have long sought to open Europe's protected market and system of state subsidies. We should be careful not to aid or validate Europe's trade practices which have hurt the United States.  Admission to the EU is a question for EU countries to consider, however, I do not think we should give the EU the opportunity to settle for NATO expansion. Europe has the strongest interest in the success of many former Soviet states. The EU, including the European states who do not belong to NATO, should also be expected to make sacrifices to ensure a peace for all time in Europe.  My vote for the Moynihan amendment should be viewed as a call for new thinking on the shared objective of bringing the newly independent nations of Europe into the existing political and economic system. We have to ask ourselves if the tools of the Cold War will work for the U.S. and Europe as we enter a new century.  The impact of NATO expansion on our relationship with Russia is my most significant concern on this issue. I am delighted so many of my colleagues have raised the issue, both those who favor expansion and those who oppose it.  Unfortunately, I believe that the impact of the vote we are to cast today will have very little effect on the U.S.-Russia relationship. For I believe, from the very beginning of the expansion process, we have pursued a process and a policy that has seriously damaged our relationship with Russia. I believe the Administration has erred greatly here and our foreign policy will be effected by it for years to come regardless of the outcome of the NATO expansion vote.  Already, numerous Senators have cited the historic work of George Kennan. I also take his counsel very seriously and I encourage my colleagues to ponder his words from a 1997 New York Times opinion piece. Mr. Kennan wrote, ``Expanding NATO would be the most fateful error of American policy in the entire post-cold-war era. Such a decision may be expected to inflame the nationalistic, anti-Western and militaristic tendencies in Russian opinion; to have an adverse effect on the development of Russian democracy; to restore the atmosphere of the cold war to East-West relations, and to impel Russian foreign policy in directions decidedly not to our liking.''  Kennan's final words are particularly troubling as he states, ``. . . to impel Russian foreign policy in directions decidedly not to our liking.'' One needs only look at recent weapons inspection crisis with Iraq to see the worsening ties between the U.S. and Russia as a result of NATO expansion. There are other examples of the growing divide between the U.S. and Russia: cooperation with Iran on ballistic missiles, agreements with China to counter a world with one superpower, and an assortment of other nuclear weapons related issues from declarations on the first use of nuclear weapons to ratification of START III and the eventual negotiation of START. All of these issues are vital to the United States and all have been negatively impacted by NATO expansion.  It goes without saying that Russia does not dictate to the United States our foreign policy interests and policies. However, U.S. policy makers should not underestimate the degree to which Russia matters to our own future. Russia is the largest nation in a new Europe. Any attempt to guarantee the future peace and security of Europe by excluding Russia creates more problems than promise for the future.  NATO Expansion fails to consider the political landscape of Russia. Approximately two-thirds of the Russian Duma is controlled by communist and nationalist parties. These political parties are very anti-American and the West. The Russian Constitution grants enormous powers to the Presidency that have allowed the West to underestimate Russia's opposition to NATO Expansion.  My fear is we have undermined those in Russia who are advocating and following the course of democracy, international cooperation and economic reform. I hope the Senate does not revisit the words of George Kennan with immense regret in future years. The Administration and the Senate now must take it upon themselves to rebuild those ties with Russia to go forward and address our many shared interests for the future. Vice President Gore has been instrumental in building ties between our two countries, and I certainly encourage him to continue his leadership role with Russia's new prime minister.  I have discussed in detail my concerns with NATO expansion. This has been a very difficult decision for me. In the end, I was swayed by one additional, very powerful concern.  This powerful concern is for U.S. credibility. I do believe U.S. credibility is on the line with this vote. Regardless of the wisdom of NATO expansion, I fear that rejection of NATO expansion at this point will send dangerous messages to the world about U.S. intentions for the future. The international community will view a rejection of this initiative which was started and driven by the United States as a sign of U.S. isolationism. Allowing that message to be sent around the world will, in my mind, be far more damaging to U.S. interests worldwide than admitting Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.  Quite frankly, I think the Administration has marginalized the United States Senate on the question before us today. While I doubt that the Administration intended to do this and I know the Senate has been active and engaged throughout this process, the result is the same. The Senate, as I see it, has little choice in the matter before the body today. To reject NATO expansion at this point will also cause serious long-term problems for U.S. interests throughout the world.  Therefore, I will vote for NATO expansion.  