 President, I rise today in strong support of the Kennedy amendment and as a cosponsor of the minimum wage increase.  I cannot sit idle as I hear of those struggling to live on today's minimum wage. I thought, like many of you, that the minimum wage earner was my daughter or one of her friends: a teenager flipping burgers or taking food orders to earn some extra cash for new clothes or a movie.  That is the misperception though. The sad fact is that 71 percent of those workers who benefited from the last increase were adults over the age of 20. This increase will benefit those that need it most--working families at the bottom. A full-time, year-round minimum wage worker in 1997 earned only $10,712, $2,000 less than the $12,803 needed to raise a family of three out of poverty. Some 40 percent of minimum wage workers are the sole income-earners in their families.  I am immensely troubled with the fact that 58 percent of those struggling with a minimum wage are women. These millions of women, many of them single mothers, would benefit directly from this increase.  These single moms are trying. Trying to raise two kids on a below-poverty income. And how does Congress reward these single parents? By attacking Medicaid that would have paid for her son's asthma medicine. By cutting her child care support that allows her work. By taking away funding for nutrition programs that pay for her kids to eat at school or day care. By eliminating her Head Start Program that gives her kids a chance at starting school ready to learn. By refusing to add one dollar to her hourly wage--a wage that pays for heat, clothing and food.  Aren't these the individuals and families we are trying to keep employed and off of federal support? Instead, this Congress has targeted the low-income family through cut after cut and a resistance to move them above the poverty line.  This amendment does not eliminate jobs, it barely keeps people working, who otherwise would be completely reliant on public support. Today's minimum wage is 18 percent below the 1979 level. Each year we wait means a loss of $2,000 to that single mother. To that low-income family, that would have meant more than seven months of groceries, four months of rent, a full year of health care costs, or nine months of utility bills.  I did not reach my decision to support the minimum wage easily. I have listened carefully to the concerns of small-business owners from across my state, who have highlighted the implications of this increase. I don't want to see prices for the American consumer rise or jobs eliminated. But I don't think an increase to the minimum wage will end employment in small business, either.  Now is the time to adjust that inequality and demonstrate a true commitment to our working families. A slight increase in this wage provides those who work hard and play by the rules an increased opportunity and a chance to succeed. If any of my colleagues oppose the minimum wage, I urge them to try living on $10,712 this year and then reconsider their vote.  