 President, I rise in strong opposition to the DeWine amendment which would prohibit female federal employees from accessing affordable, safe and legal abortion related services as part of their health insurance benefits.  I am always tempted to say, ``here we go again.'' Another assault on women's health and another barrier for women to safe, affordable reproductive health services. For some of my colleagues, the 1973 landmark Roe versus Wade decision was not clear enough or they continue to attempt to restrict a women's right guarantee in this decision.  Instead of standing up and arguing that a woman should not have choices or that women should not be allowed to access safe, affordable reproductive health services, some of my colleagues hide behind the issue of federal funding.  Health benefits have been, and always will be for the benefit of the federal employee. It is a form of compensation. Every worker knows that health insurance is part of their compensation package, not a gift, not a loan, but something that they have earned. Health benefits are part of one's salary. This is no different for a federal employee or an employee of Boeing.  We would never see an amendment on the floor of the Senate dictating to federal employees how they spend their salary. As long as the employee spends this compensation on a legal commodity, we cannot restrict his or her decisions. Simply because they are employed by the American taxpayer does not mean that we can dictate how they spend their salary.   However, some of my colleagues are proposing to do just that. We are telling female federal employees how they can or cannot spend their health insurance benefits. In addition to denying federal employees the basic constitutional rights afforded every otherwoman, we are proposing to dictate how they spend their compensation.  Not only are health benefits considered employee compensation earned by the employee, federal employees are also responsible for up to 40 percent of the cost of the premiums as well as any deductibles or copays. So in fact we are telling female federal employees how to spend their take home pay as well.  If a federal employee uses his or her own salary to purchase a firearm is this federal funding of handguns? I would argue no. Even though there are federal taxpayers who oppose handguns, we do not restrict the right of federal employees to use their federal salary to purchase one. But, telling female federal employees how they can spend their insurance benefits is just as offensive. Only in this case it is probably more detrimental as it denies female federal employees access to safe, affordable reproductive health service.  One could argue that female federal employees should pay out of pocket for certain reproductive health services and not depend on her health benefits to cover or provide this protection. I would like to point out that federal employees by and large are not well paid CEOs. They live pay check to pay check and many are single mothers. Covering a $600 or $1,000 health care bill is just not possible. Economic barriers are just as solid as legal or social barriers. Denying health insurance coverage for a full range of reproductive health services, is denying access to these services for many female federal employees.  I urge my colleagues to oppose efforts to make second class citizens of female federal employees. They deserve our support and they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. Instead of attacking a woman's right to make her own personal health decisions let's work to prevent unintentional pregnancies. I urge my colleagues to support federal family planning programs and contraceptive equity. The Supreme Court has already said that abortion with some restrictions is a legal right afforded all Americans. Let's not force federal employees to pay the price of political football, but rather let's do more to improve access to safe, affordable family planning benefits.  