 2271, the bill before the Senate this evening. I do so knowing that I have the support of the vast majority of Washington State voters who, 3 years ago, soundly defeated a radical and dangerous referendum that is very similar to the bill that is before us today. In 1995, the people of Washington State overwhelmingly rejected a referendum that would have put developers and resource exploiters ahead of the rest of us. They defeated this proposal because they knew it really only amounted to one thing: a massive tax increase on regular people. Developers and their supporters would have us pay for the right to a high quality of life and strong communities, whereas today we enjoy these things as a result of basic zoning laws and environmental standards.  While the measure before us differs somewhat from Referendum 48, its underlying motive does not. Developers somehow believe that they are being denied their property rights by having to work through local and State land use laws. And, to be fair, there have been some isolated cases in which a maze of laws has thwarted reasonable environmentally sensitive projects. I personally will continue to urge local and State governments to streamline their processes to fix these occasional problems.  But, basically, the system works. It is simply not broken, and this bill is not necessary.  Mr. President, the most objectionable provision in this bill is that it allows developers to short-circuit local administrative, zoning, and other land use procedures. This promises to send increased litigation against already strapped local and State governments. This means more taxes, both to fund the court battles and, if local governments lose, to pay off developers to protect our quality of life. In addition, simply the threat of a Federal court may drive a town to acquiesce to a developer's demands, because they cannot afford to go to court and fight to protect their local land use decisions.  Frankly, I am surprised at the support this bill has gotten from those who traditionally would defer to local government making decisions on how best to use land and instead give that decision making authority to Federal courts. This seems like quite a reversal. Frankly, it seems particularly odd, given the Senate's backlog in filling Federal court vacancies.  While we have moved two of our Washington State candidates--Margaret McKeown and Ed Shea--both Senator Gorton and I are pushing very hard to get another circuit court nominee, Ron Gould, and a district court nominee, Bob Lasnik, heard and confirmed. Another district court judge is set to retire in the near future, creating another vacancy. I have to ask, Why is the Senate increasing Federal caseloads with this bill while simultaneously not filling empty seats?  That issue aside, this bill is not what this country needs. We do not need to undermine our Nation's laws that protect public health, safety, and the environment. There are usually very good reasons why development is prohibited in certain areas. It could be safety; the area could be prone to flooding or to landslides. It could be protection of water quality. It might be protection of threatened endangered species or ecosystems. And, in those cases where a local, State, or Federal entity does unreasonably and actually take a private person's property for a public good, we have a well-established legal system to provide compensation. And that system is working.  Let me close by reminding everyone that the Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Counties, and the National Conference of State Legislators oppose this legislation. In addition, every conservation group I amaware of opposes this. This is simply not good public policy.  I am committed to keeping the Pacific Northwest beautiful. I am committed to ensuring my constituents have the power to enact reasonable zoning ordinances to protect their water and environmental resources. I do not believe their taxes should be used to pay off developers.  I pledge to my constituents to work to ensure that the reasons we are all so proud to call Washington home remain intact. This bill would limit our ability to protect the things we hold precious, and I will vigorously oppose it, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.  I reserve the remainder of our time.  