 President, this is really a great morning. After 2 years, I have the immense pleasure of voting with the majority of my colleagues to confirm two judges that I have worked very hard to get through this often difficult process. I thank my colleagues for their support of these two fine individuals, Ms. Margaret McKeown and Mr. Ed Shea. In particular, I thank our chairman, Senator Hatch, our ranking member, Senator Leahy, and my colleague, Senator Gorton, for their perseverance on behalf of these two individuals.  I would first like to tell my colleagues about the newest judge to the Ninth Circuit, Ms. McKeown. Before coming to the Senate, I had heard across the spectrum that Ms. McKeown was one of the finest business lawyers in the northwest. Now that she and I have spent time together, I have come to understand why she had that reputation: she is tenacious, does outstanding work, is an accomplished advocate, and has the patience of Job.  Let me summarize some of the high points of Ms. McKeown's career:  She was the first woman partner at the 70-year-old, prestigious firm of Perkins Coie;  She has served for 11 years on the Perkins Coie executive and management committees;  She is a nationally recognized litigator who was named in Top Players in High Tech Intellectual Property;  Her range of litigation is amazing: one day she is litigating about the typeface in personal computers, the next day she is defending a securities case, the next day she might be litigating avionics in military aircraft;  She was president of the Federal Bar Association for the Western District of Washington and a lawyer representative to the Ninth Circuit Judicial Conference;  She has worked as an aide to United States Senator Cliff Hansen of Wyoming, as a special assistant under President Carter to Interior Secretary Andrus, and as White House Fellow under President Reagan;  She is on the executive committee of the Washington State Council on International Trade; and  She has served as counsel for the Downtown Seattle Business Association.  While who you know is important, and what you do as a lawyer is critical, where you put your priorities is also vital. One of the reasons I so strongly supported Ms. McKeown's nomination is because of her commitment to her community and family.  I am amazed that the same person who represented Boeing in a multi-billion dollar merger and who has successfully defended Citibank in a complex leverage buy out case has also served in virtually every position in the Girl Scouts. She has been a Brownie leader, troop consultant, committee member, and for nine years, member of the National Board of Directors of Girl Scouts of the USA and a member of the Executive Committee. Even with her national commitments, Ms. McKeown makes time for the girls themselves, leading her daughter, Megan's, Junior Girl Scout Troop #1091.  Ms. McKeown is active in other arenas as well. She volunteers in the schools, with YMCA, with the Children's Museum, and on abused children projects. I want to point out something else special about Ms. McKeown: She has received the Good Housekeeping seal of approval. That magazine several years ago named Ms. McKeown as one of the ``100 Women of Promise in America.''  Mr. President, Margaret McKeown is a highly-qualified lawyer with a diverse background, who has demonstrated her commitment to community and family. Now, finally, after surviving the political and judicial battles for two years, she will take her seat on the Ninth Circuit and become an outstanding judge. Congratulations, Margaret, we finally made it!  Mr. President, I also want to thank my colleagues for confirming Mr. Shea this morning to serve on Washington's Eastern District Court. While Mr. Shea's road to confirmation has not been as filled with hurdles as Ms. McKeown's, it is a great pleasure to see this fine lawyer move onto the Federal bench.  Mr. Shea will make an excellent judge. He is a highly respected member of the legal profession. He has served with distinction as a trial lawyer, including national recognition as a Fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers.  The five superior court judges in Benton and Franklin counties, where Mr. Shea has lived and practiced for more than 25 years, have written a letter describing him as having a ``well-earned reputation, not only in our community but throughout the Northwest, as an outstanding trial lawyer.'' His fellow Washington state lawyers honored him by electing him president of the Washington State Bar Association, where he served with distinction. Many of them have approached me to congratulate me on my role in promoting Mr. Shea's judicial candidacy.  While we must look first to his legal qualifications, I believe the best judges are those who have worked in their communities to make them better places. Mr. Shea is well-qualified in that arena, too. He has been an advocate of equal access to the law, volunteering and working to get free or reduced legal services to local organizations, such as the March of Dimes, the Sexual Assault Response Center, and the Faith Christian Academy.  Mr. Shea also worked hard in an area nearest to my heart: education. He pushed to improve access to education in his community by helping establish a branch campus of the Washington State University in the Tri-Cities. He too has been a stalwart supporter of the March of Dimes, recently being named the Chapter Counsel of the Year by the national March of Dimes.  Mr. Shea is a well-respected member of the business community. He has the unanimous support of the board of the Tri-City Industrial Development Council. Mr. Shea has received two strongly-supportive editorials in the Tri-City Herald. Numerous members of the business community have thanked me for championing his nomination.  Mr. President, Mr. Shea was selected by a bi-partisan Judicial Merit Selection Committee comprised of a diverse group of lawyers and community leaders. I have faith in that selection process and believe Mr. Shea will be an outstanding member of the Federal bar.  Let me close by saying a few words about judicial nominations and the process we have developed in Washington. As I travel around my state, people ask me why we have so many judicial vacancies. I haven't been able to give them a good answer, but can only point to political one-upmanship as the culprit.  After this morning, I can happily report we are finally moving forward and that two excellent judicial candidates have been confirmed.  Let me also add that while I have been the Senator of the same party as the President, I have invited and encouraged Senator Gorton to participate in judicial nominations. I recognize this is a tremendous break in tradition, but I know our citizens are best served when we work together.  I intend to continue working with Senator Gorton to find the very best and most able members of the Washington bar to recommend to President Clinton. I will fight to ensure our citizens have their day in court and that justice is not denied because nominations are delayed.  Mr. President, I appreciate the endorsement of my colleagues for Ms. McKeown and Mr. Shea. There are many other qualified judges waiting to move through the process. I urge the Senate to move quickly to hear and confirm them so the crisis our judiciary faces will come to an end.  