 President, the Omnibus Appropriations measure before us contains an important provision regarding foreign ownership and control of United States fishing vessels as well as a resolution of disputes regarding the North Pacific pollock fishery. More than one year ago, Senator Stevens introduced S. 1221, the American Fisheries Act. A major purpose of this legislation, and a goal I strongly support, was to further increase the level of ownership of U.S. fishing vessels. The Americanization of the U.S. fishing industry began in 1976 with the passage of the Magnuson Fishery Conservation and Management Act which established a 200 mile Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) and prioritized access to fishery resources within the EEZ to American citizens. This legislation is an historic milestone in international marine policy and set a precedent that all coastal nations have followed. It was an important step in securing American control of the vast fishery resources off our coastlines.  Eleven years later, another step was taken to further Americanize U.S. fisheries. The 1987 Anti-Reflagging Act required U.S. citizens to own and control at least 51% of any U.S.-flag fishing vessels. This Act also included grandfather provisions that, because of drafting errors, allowed any current U.S. flag fishing vessels that did not meet the new standard to be exempt from the new ownership standard and allowed vessels under contract to be rebuilt into fishing vessels in foreign shipyards to retain their U.S. fishing privileges. The two grandfather provisions allowed a far greater degree of foreign owned and controlled fishing vessels to remain is U.S. fisheries than had been intended. Although the United States Coast Guard correctly interpreted these grandfather provisions in a legal sense, there has been ongoing controversy regarding Congressional intent with these grandfather provisions and their application by the Coast Guard.  Eleven years later, the American Fisheries Act will finally resolve this issue. It requires a real, effective, and enforceable U.S. ownership threshold for U.S. flag fishing vessels. Under this Act, U.S. citizens must own and control 75 percent of the ownership interest in any U.S. flag fishing vessel. I strongly support these provisions as an important step in our ongoing efforts to Americanize the fisheries of the United States EEZ. It is time to more fully ensure that the vast fishery resources of the United States are harvested by Americans. These provisions will go a long way to making that the case.  In addition to the further Americanization of U.S. fisheries, the Title included in the Omnibus Appropriations measure also resolves the long-standing allocation battles surrounding the North Pacific pollock fishery. When S.1221 was introduced by Senator Stevens in September 1997, one of the goals in addition to Americanizing the U.S. fishing fleet was to phase out a number of Seattle-based catcher processors that had used the grandfather provisions of the 1987 Anti-Reflagging Act to enter the pollock fishery. Senator Slade Gorton and I strongly opposed the original legislation because of the devastating impact this phase out would have had on Washington state jobs andthe Puget Sound economy. However, there were a number of Washington state constituencies who strongly supported the legislation and the phase out of these catcher processors.  In the interest of resolving this issue, Senator Gorton convened a meeting in August 1998 of all the major participants in the North Pacific pollock fishery to explore the possibility of reaching a settlement of the dispute. My good colleague from Washington state established a number of principles which all the parties agreed to and guided the discussion of potential solutions. Those discussions led to the conclusion that 4 key issues needed to be addressed: Americanization, decapital-ization, rationalization, and reallocation. This meeting led to a series of intense negotiations among the major North Pacific pollock fishery participants, led by Senator Stevens office, that provided the framework for the legislation before us.  While my colleagues from Alaska and Washington have provided a much more detailed outline of the provisions of the American Fisheries Act, I would like to summarize some of the key aspects.  This bill includes a substantial reallocation of the North Pacific fishery resource, one of the most valuable fishery resources in the world. The 1.2 million metric ton fishery is worth approximately $250 million annually. For the last 6 years, there has been tremendous allocation disputes regarding this resource before the North Pacific Fishery Management Council. Prior to 1992, the offshore component of the fishery harvested approximately 85% of the resource. In 1992, the North Pacific Fishery Management Council reduced this harvest level by allocating 35% of the resource to the onshore component of the fishery, that is, catcher boats delivering to onshore processing plants. Recently, the Council recommended to the Secretary of Commerce increasing this percentage to 39%. This bill provides 50% of the resource to the onshore sector, 10% to the mothershipsector, and 40% to the offshore sector, permanently resolving the long-standing allocation battles over this valuable resource. With each percentage point of the total allowable catch valued at approximately $5 million, this shift in harvest opportunity represents anywhere from a $55 million to $75 million reallocation.  To offset this massive move of fish, the legislation includes a substantial reduction in the excess fishing capacity in the offshore sector. Overcapitalization has been an ongoing problem in all North Pacific fisheries and is the source of the allocation battles that ensue over these fisheries. This act will permanently remove nine pollock factory trawlers from the pollock fishery, in fact, from the U.S. EEZ entirely. Eight of these vessels will be scrapped, preventing them from being used in any fishery in the world. In exchange for retiring these vessels and transferring the pollock catch history associated with them to the onshore sector, the owners of these vessels will be paid $90 million. An additional $5 million will be paid to the remaining participants in the offshore sector of the fishery for the additional reduction in the offshore allocation. $20 million will be provided by the federal government as it bears responsibility for the failure of the 1987 Anti-Reflagging Act to effectively keep foreign fishing vessels out of the U.S. EEZ. The remaining $75 million will be paid by the onshore sector through a federally-guaranteed loan.  Replacement of the capacity represented by these removed vessels is prevented by statutorily establishing either through explicit listing of the vessels or specific criteria for participation, the factory trawlers, motherships, catcher boats, and onshore processors that can continue to participate in the North Pacific pollock fishery. This listing of the eligible fishery participants is essential to preventing recapitalization of the fishery and ensuring that steps toward rationalizing the fishery can proceed. It has not been done without controversy, however. There has been a great deal of concern among the fishing industry in Washington state and Alaska about the exclusive listing of onshore processors. Many fishery participants have made a distinction between addressing overcapitalization on the water and on the land. Many have argued that the exclusive listing of onshore processors will deny fishermen competitive markets for their fish. Others are concerned that it locks in substantial foreign investment in the processing sector of the fishery while at the same time the bill seeks to further Americanize the harvesting of fish in the U.S. EEZ. I share these concerns. However, the need to rationalize this fishery necessitates this action. In the absence of this provision, the ability to proceed with the formation of fishery cooperatives as a means to end the race for fish could not be successful. In the end, I feel the potential benefits such rationalization could provide for both the resource and the industry dependent upon it justify this action. Nonetheless, I think it imperative that both the Council and the Congress closely monitor the impacts of this provision to ensure it achieves our goal of improving the situation for fishermen. If not, additional measures may need to be taken.  This bill relies in great measure on the ability and willingness of the North Pacific pollock fishery sectors to form fishery cooperatives. Fishery cooperatives, authorized under current law, are a privately negotiated allocation on a company-by-company or vessel-by-vessel basis of a portion of the total allowable catch. Similar to an individual fishing quota program, cooperatives provide fishery participants with the certainty they need to stop the race for fish, and harvest and process the fish on a more flexible schedule with greater attention to bycatch, efficiency, and safety. The existing fishery cooperative in the offshore sector of the Pacific Whiting fishery has shown tremendous benefits in these regards and has helped rationalize the fishery. It is hoped that cooperatives can do the same in the pollock fishery.  In the interest of ensuring that small, independent fishermen are the true beneficiaries of fishery cooperatives, the bill includes a number of requirements for fishery cooperatives in all three sectors which are designed to provide these small, independent fishermen with sufficient leverage in the negotiations to protect their interests.  In addition, the bill attempts to ensure adequate protections for other fisheries in the North Pacific and Pacific from any potential adverse impacts resulting from the formation of fishery cooperatives in the pollock fishery. The formation of fishery cooperatives will undoubtedly free up harvesting and processing capacity that can be used in new or expanded ways in other fisheries. Although many of these vessels and processors have legitimate, historic participation in these other fisheries, they should not be empowered by this legislation to gain a competitive advantage in these other fisheries to the detriment of participants who have not benefitted from the resolution of the pollock fishery problems.  While we have attempted to include at least a minimum level of protections for these other fisheries, it is clear to many of us that unintended consequences are likely. It is therefore imperative that the fishery management councils not perceive the protections provided in this bill as a statement by Congress that these are the only protections needed. In fact, the opposite is true. Although the protections provided for the head and gut groundfish offshore sector from the pollock offshore sector are more highly developed and articulated in the bill, the protections for other fisheries are largely left for the Councils to recommend. Those of us involved intimately in the development of this legislation strongly urge the Councils to monitor the formation of fishery cooperatives closely and ensure that other fisheries are held harmless to the maximum extent possible.  In particular, the legislation directs the North Pacific Council to address the issue of latent capacity in the Bering Sea crab fishery. I am deeply concerned by the recent failure of the North Pacific Council to address this issue in response to this legislation. The relatively minor level of protection provided in the bill for the Bering Sea crab fishery should in no way be construed by the Council as sufficient to protect the crab fishery from potential adverse impacts of pollock fishery cooperatives nor should it be deemed sufficient to address the issue of overcapitalization of the crab fishery and the need to remove latent capacity. I strongly urge the Council to take measures to further reduce latent capacity in the crab fishery beyond that which the License Limitation Program addressed and to avoid rewarding speculative participation in anticipation of the developing industry-funded capacity reduction program being developed by the crab industry. At the same time, the Council should ensure that true historic participants in the crab fishery who have made legitimate investments to harvest crab are not eliminated.  The American Fisheries Act title in this Omnibus Appropriations measure is an important next step in our efforts to Americanize U.S. fisheries and ensure their long-term sustainable use. I support this provision and will work with my colleagues to ensure that is effectively and fairly implemented. In closing, I want to thank Senator Stevens, Gorton, and Murkowski for their hard work on this legislation. I would also like to acknowledge the hard work of Trevor McCabe, Jeanne Bumpus, Bill Woolf, Martin Kodis, and my own staff, Justin LeBlanc. Without their dedication and perseverance, we would not have put this legislation together.  