 President, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2676, the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act. We have waited too long for the opportunity to debate this issue and move this legislation. Senate action is coming six months after the House overwhelmingly passed this legislation and almost a year after the Kerrey/Portman Commission issued their recommendations for improving and reforming the IRS.  It is no wonder the American taxpayer is frustrated and angry. What kind of penalty or interest would the IRS levy against a taxpayer who was six months late in filing their taxes?  Mr. President, the IRS is an agency out of control. I hear this from people all across my state. They want the IRS reformed. And they want it done now.  What has this six month delay meant to taxpayers? Since November 5, 1997 the date the House voted on H.R. 2676, more than 17 million taxpayers have received a collection notice from the IRS; more than 34 million Americans have contacted the IRS to request assistance or information--of these calls, more than 16 million did not go through and close to 2 million Americans did not get correct answers.  This is unacceptable. Had we acted back in November, the impact on these families would have been dramatically different. We did not need more hearings, we needed action.  Since November 1997 I have heard from close to 1,200 taxpayers from my state who have written in support of systemwide reforms at the IRS. They have told me of their experiences and frustrations--and I have to say, some are quite disturbing.  Mr. President, I want to read some excerpts from a few of these letters--which have come from every corner of my state. They really highlight the abuses taking place by the IRS.  This comes from a constituent in Moses Lake, Washington. She says:       We are people who obey the law. If there were things on our      tax return which were in error or were questionable, we have      no problem with being called to account for it. Nor do we      take issue with paying more taxes if we legitimately owed      more. However, the way we were treated by a representative of      the IRS should never be allowed in any country, let alone      ours, which is supposed to be based on presumption of      innocence.  Another letter comes from a constituent in Seattle:       In 1993, my husband and I bought a franchise and opened our      business as sole proprietors. (If we had incorporated, our      suffering would be over now). My husband, Craig, had plenty      of knowledge and experience in carpentry and built a strong,      thriving closet remodeling business. He did not, however,      have business tax and accounting training, and he made      mistakes in the paying of taxes and filling our paperwork to      the IRS. As soon as he recognized his mistake, he alerted the      IRS and began to try to make amends.       It seemed he had awakened a vicious sleeping dog.  He goes on to say:       Along with everything else, the IRS randomly cleaned out      our bank accounts, as well as those of our children.       It seems the IRS has an incentive program for their      employees which persuades them to take quick, harsh action,      trying to ``get what they can'' and ask questions of the      ``customer'' later.  Finally, from a constituent in Kirkland, WA:       For the past seven years both my husband and I have lived      our lives under the tormenting cloud of the IRS.       We had a lien put on our home and the letters began to come      of companies wanting to help us with our troubles with the      IRS. This was so devastating as we were just starting what we      thought would be a beautiful life together. One day I came      home to 12 different notices from the IRS I needed to sign      for at the Post Office. That is a great way to spend      taxpayers' money, don't you think?  These heavy-handed tactics by the IRS are not acceptable.  But this is not the first time I have heard from constituents about problems with the IRS. I knew reform was long overdue. It was not until the release of the Kerrey/Portman Commission report that I realized that it was not just a few bureaucrats abusing their position, but rather an agency out of control. An agency with management practices that encouraged abuse of taxpayers; managers who rewarded the most aggressive and unbending employees; and an agency that viewed taxpayers as the enemy.  Why is it so critical to enact IRS reform? We can all name many reasons why reform is necessary and important, but I think we all have to remember that taxpayers are only trying to meet their responsibilities in a democratic society. They are not turning to the IRS to apply for benefits or for assistance. They are attempting to honor their financial obligation and commitment to a democratic and progressive society. They are not asking for anything in return but to be treated fairly.  Unfortunately, this is not the experience of most taxpayers. This frustration with the IRS jeopardizes compliance with the tax code and undermines the faith taxpayers have in our system.  Currently, honest taxpayers and businesses pay an average of $1,600 per person for those who do not meet their financial obligations. An estimated $120 billion a year goes uncollected. We do not need to add to this by encouraging more taxpayers to give up.  The great thing about this legislation is that it keeps the taxpayer's interest in mind. It simply levels the playing field between the taxpayer, both large and small, and the IRS. What's more effective than forcing the IRS to work in a more fair and even-handed manner?  I am particularly pleased this legislation provides relief for ``innocent spouses'' who find themselves liable for taxes, interest, or penalties because of actions by their spouse. This has become a severe problem for many women and children. Following a divorce many women are left to fight the IRS to save their homes and their children's future. Spouses who engaged in illegal activities or misrepresented their income to the IRS simply flee and leave. The IRS then attempts to collect from the innocent spouse--who is often easier to locate--as she has custody of the children. It is a little difficult to hide when you have children.  The IRS then aggressively pursues these innocent spouses for a debt that they never knew about. If only we could be as aggressive in tracking down the billions of dollars in uncollected child support.  I urge the Senate to do the right thing today and pass this legislation. No more delays and no more excuses. The American taxpayer deserves better.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gregg). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  