 President, I come to the Senate floor today to express my frustration and concern with the opposition to the nomination of Dr. Satcher as the new Surgeon General and Assistant Secretary for Health. I will not reiterate what has been said here today about Dr. Satcher's outstanding credentials or his outstanding work as head of the Centers for Disease Control. This has been well documented. I do not wish to lengthen the debate any more than necessary. Dr. Satcher is an ideal candidate who should already be serving the American people as our Surgeon General.  I come here today to unmask some of my Colleagues who are attempting to further delay the nomination of Dr. Satcher to advance their own political agenda. They are not opposing him because his is not qualified, but rather because he stands with the President, and the Supreme Court in defense of a women's right to adequate medical care that protects her life and health.  What my Colleagues on the other side are attempting to do is to ask a nominee for the position of Surgeon General to disregard the law and acceptable medical practice. This is what the debate is about.  I have heard and read other concerns expressed by opponents, but interestingly enough these issues were not debated at any great length during the Committee process. This would have been the opportunity to air these other issues or concerns. Instead they chose to block the nomination on the floor all because Dr. Satcher believes in protecting the health and life of women. They are trying to do what they could not and would not do in the Labor and Human Resources Committee. They did not have the votes.  I have listened to many of my Colleagues come to the floor as champions of women's health care. I see bill after bill being introduced in the Senate, all in the name of protecting or improving women's health. But, when it comes to really protecting women's health many of these same Senators are silent or stand in direct conflict with what is good for women's health.  Women's health is not just about breast cancer or cardiovascular disease. We all know that these are important women's health concerns and issues, but women's health also includes reproductive health. Dr. Satcher recognizes this fact and realizes the importance of standing for women's health.  In addition to the reproductive health issues involved here today, I think I should remind many of my Colleagues that we need a Surgeon General and we need one now. The American people need someone who they can trust and depend on as they try to negotiate through a more complicated and frustrating health care delivery system than any of us ever envisioned. We need someone who will talk to us about health care and access to health care, especially prevention services. While there is little consensus on what reforms or changes need to be made in the way our health care system currently delivers care, the one thing that we all can agree on is consumers need more information that speaks to their needs and concerns. It is no wonder so many of my constituents are concerned about the increasing role of non medical personal in making their health care decisions. Who else is out there talking to consumers, besides insurance companies?  For those of you so concerned about women's health, keep in mind that women are the true health care consumers in most American families. They pick the family doctor; they take care of the sick child; they make the doctors appointments for the aging parent; and they worry the most about lack of information available to make informed decisions.  Let's end this debate and move to vote on the nomination of an outstanding doctor to be our new Surgeon General. We all know that there will be another day to debate the issues surrounding late term abortions. This has become an annual event so we do not need to delay the nomination of Dr. Satcher simply to have yet another debate on late term abortion.  