 This program is the right way for our nation to provide business opportunities for all Americans.  I believe in the goals of the DBE program: To improve economic opportunities for qualified, but disadvantaged, business owners, who most frequently are women and people of color. This program counters the effects of past discrimination with a flexible and goal-oriented program that has worked. We have a much more diverse federal contracting base than we have ever had before. Since 1978, where women- and minority-owned businesses won only 1.9 percent of the federal highway construction contracts, they have 14.8 percent. That demonstrates the tremendous success of this program.  The DBE program does an excellent job of providing sufficient flexibility to target true disadvantaged businesses. If an African female-owned business truly is not disadvantaged, it will qualify under this program. Likewise, if a Caucasian male owns a disadvantaged business, he has an opportunity to qualify under the DBE program. That flexibility is why so many of us believe it offers us the best path forward toward true equality for all business people. It focuses our attempts to strengthen our economy on those who need our help most; it forces us to look at economics, not race or gender.  Mr. President, in 1995, the Senate debated this issue as part of the legislative branch appropriations bill. At that time, members of this body recognized this type of proposal simply goes too far. I led the fight to defeat that amendment with bipartisan support, 61-36. As ranking member of the legislative branch appropriations bill at the time, I offered a compromise amendment in an attempt to reach middle ground and deal with this issue in a constructive manner. That amendment passed 84-13.  I pledge to continue to fight economic, gender and race discrimination throughout this country. The Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program is one proven path toward that goal. This is not about special preferences or arbitrary set asides; this is about expanding opportunities for business people. I intend to oppose the McConnell amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same.  