Chairman, the Afghan National Army Special Forces are the most capable component of the Afghan National Security Forces and have made significant strides toward becoming an independent and effective force in Afghanistan.  The only path forward to getting out of Afghanistan is to make sure that we have an effective army, special force, that can do the necessary work to make sure that the fragile Afghan governance that is there survives.  The purpose of this amendment is not to limit the Afghan Special Forces but to further restrict the use of the helicopter it employs to support its mission. The development of the Afghan Army Special Operators remains a critical component of the overall operation structure and strategy to sustain the transition to Afghan security lead.  In other words, if we want to get out of there by 2014, 2015, the Afghan Air Force must succeed. And it has a history, whether we like it or not, with the Mi-17. It's more efficient to expand its fleet and build on their existing knowledge of maintaining that fleet than to completely shift to an entirely different aircraft.  Additionally, U.S. helicopters are more technologically advanced. They're a better helicopter, I'll agree. But it would further prolong the timelines of getting the AAF where they need to be to completely take over the program.  The Mi-17 has been certified by the Department of Defense and is to be the right aircraft for the missions in Afghanistan. The Mi-17 has a long history in Afghanistan and was designed for the high altitude terrain there.  So I reluctantly oppose the gentlelady's amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Connecticut has 1\1/2\ minutes remaining.  Ms. DeLAURO. I just want to say to my good friend that I think that we ought to be amenable to working with Afghanistan in these final days, but I don't make up this information.  Our Defense Department continues to channel business to this Russian arms manufacturer. DOD skirted around the prohibition on purchasing Mi-17 helicopters in the last appropriations bill. We voted overwhelmingly--I don't know that there has been a vote in this House on a bipartisan basis that was 423-0--to prohibit this.  So what did the DOD do? The DOD went around that and went to a different pot of money. And one could acknowledge that, but in addition to acknowledging that, I'm going to quote to you from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction:       Afghan Special Mission Wing: DOD plans to spend $908      million to build air wing that the Afghans cannot operate and      maintain.  Now, I don't know why we keep in business an Inspector General that would give us this report, and then we fly in the face of it and not acknowledge its veracity. In addition to which, we are dealing with an arms dealer that is supplying arms, grenades, Kalashnikovs, missiles to Syria, where over 93,000 people have already been killed.  The point is that we shouldn't enter a contract when there is no capability to fly these helicopters.  I yield back the balance of my time.  