Speaker, I proudly stand with my good friend and fellow Californian, Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy, in strong support of this legislation we have both championed, H.R. 667, which will redesignate NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center as the Neil A. Armstrong Flight Research Center and Western Aeronautical Test Range as the Hugh L. Dryden Aeronautical Test Range.  One of the great benefits of public service here in the United States House of Representatives is the people you meet in all walks of life. I had the high honor and privilege of meeting Mr. Armstrong on several occasions before he passed away on August 25, 2012, especially when I was chairman of the Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee on Science.  Given his place as a revered global icon, Neil never sought the limelight, as Mr. Hall has said. He never lost his unassuming manner, his nature as a midwesterner, and values that his Ohio roots instilled in him. He was just a wonderful person.  Those of us who were old enough to witness firsthand when he took his first step on the surface of the Moon will never forget the great sense of pride in our country and inspiration in the ability he placed in mankind. There are few events in history that have had such profound and positive impact, transcending generations across the globe. H.R. 667 is just one way we can pay tribute to this great American hero.  This bill will accomplish three important goals: one, to honor Neil A. Armstrong, who served as an experimental research test pilot at the center from 1955 to 1962; to emphasize the contributions of that center to NASA's current space exploration mission; and to memorialize the extraordinary career of Dr. Hugh L. Dryden by naming the aeronautical test range, approximately 12,000 square miles of special-use airspace, in his honor.  As was said: That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. This is a small step to recognize both Neil Armstrong and Hugh Dryden.  I urge my House colleagues to support passage of H.R. 667.  