 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 330, a bill to designate a national Distinguished Flying Cross memorial in Riverside, California.  The memorial honors all current and former members of the Armed Forces who have been awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.  For the past two Congresses, the House has overwhelmingly passed this bill, and today I stand again in support of H.R. 330, which would designate the memorial at March Field Air Museum as the Distinguished Flying Cross National Memorial.  The legislation is supported by the Distinguished Flying Cross Society, the Military Officers Association of America, the Air Force Association, the Air Force Sergeants Association, the Association of Naval Aviation, the Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association, and the China-Burma-India Veterans Association. I would like to point out that the language in the bill specifically states that the designation shall not be construed to require or permit Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to the national memorial. Funds have been and will continue to be raised through private means for these purposes.  Distinguished Flying Cross recipients have received the prestigious medal for their heroism or extraordinary achievement while participating in aerial flight while serving in any capacity within the United States Armed Forces. There are many well-known people that have played a vital role in the history of military aviation that have received the award. This renowned group includes Captain Charles L. Lindbergh, former President George H.W. Bush, Brigadier General Jimmy Doolittle, General Curtis LeMay, Senator John McCain, Senator George McGovern, Jimmy Stewart, and Admiral Jim Stockdale, just to name a few.  The March Air Reserve Base, which hosts the C-17As of the 452nd Air Mobility Wing, is adjacent to the location of the memorial at March Field Air Museum. Visitors are able to witness active operational air units providing support to our troops around the world, which is an appropriate setting that honors the many aviators who have distinguished themselves by deeds performed in aerial flight.  I would like to thank those who have worked tirelessly to ensure this memorial was built and is properly designated in honor of the distinguished aviators who have served this great Nation. In particular, I would like to recognize Jim Champlin; his late wife, Trish; Distinguished Flying Cross Society's president, Chuck Sweeney; and the society's historian, Dr. Barry Lanman, who was instrumental in this effort.  Again, I hope you will join me in supporting the designation of the Distinguished Flying Cross National Memorial at the March Field Air Museum and H.R. 330.  