 I keep looking to my right and expect to see him with that great smile, but I am sure tonight he is sitting at the right hand of God.  The death of Congressman Bill Young was a great loss for this Chamber, for our country, and for the millions of men and women in uniform who were Bill Young's priority for more than 40 years. Anyone who has served with Bill knew of his unwavering dedication to our Active Duty military, our veterans, and their families.  As chairman of both the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee and the full Appropriations Committee, he was both firm and fair. When it came to our troops, he was uncompromising and insisted on nothing but the best for the U.S. servicemembers.  Chairman Young was motivated by his genuine and deep concern for the well-being of the individual soldier, sailor, airman, marine, and guardsman. His concern went far beyond politics and policies. As many of you know, Bill and his wonderful wife, Beverly, took special interest in our wounded veterans, visiting the wounded regularly at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. Whether in a committee hearing or in the military hospitals around the world, he was tireless in visiting, speaking with, and listening to these incredible servicemembers.  While we can't hope to replace Bill Young, perhaps we can follow his example and let his integrity, his gracious manner, his firm commitment to the men and women who protect this country serve as an inspiration to this Chamber as we continue to wrestle with the same issues to which he devoted his life.  On a personal note, I was honored to work with Chairman Young on the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. I was continually impressed by his depth of knowledge. I think it is safe to say that no one understood the Department of Defense quite like Bill Young. His knowledge, expertise, and compassion will be sorely missed on the subcommittee.  On my own behalf and on behalf of so many former Members who served with Bill, like our mutual friend and former chairman, Jerry Lewis, I extend my condolences to his wife, Beverly, his sons, and his entire family.  