 President, here in Washington, DC, the budget debate is often discussed in terms of abstract numbers and political winners and losers. But the truth is that budgets are about far more than that. They are about our values and our priorities, and they are about the people across the country whose lives are impacted by the decisions we make.  Today the Senate Budget Committee discussed one approach to tackling our budget challenges, an approach that, while getting our debt and deficits under control, will also create jobs and build a foundation for prosperity from the middle out.  Tomorrow we will continue this discussion and vote on a plan. Then we will move this debate here to the Senate floor, and then, hopefully, work toward a balanced and bipartisan agreement with the House of Representatives, while the American people have a chance to weigh in.  I believe our budget must meet not just one but many pressing challenges of our time. We have come a long way since early 2009 when President Obama entered office facing massive deficits and an economy that was shedding hundreds of thousands of jobs per month.  We have made progress toward getting our debt and deficits under control, and we have added back jobs, but the recovery is not as strong or as fast as it needs to be. Millions of workers continue struggling to get back to work, and we still have some very serious challenges when it comes to our medium and long-term deficit and debt challenges.  In the coming weeks and months, we will be asked to make tough choices as we work to tackle these challenges responsibly. This process is not going to be easy. There is a serious difference of opinion about what our government should be doing to keep our economy and our national finances moving in the right direction.  One approach is to follow a path back to the economic policies of the last administration. This is the path to more tax cuts for the rich but less opportunity for the middle class to get ahead. It is a path not to prosperity, which can only truly be built from the middle out, but to the deterioration of our national infrastructure and the decline of our schools and the dismantling of the Medicare promise we have made to our seniors. This approach, in fact, was on the ballot last November. Voters around the country rejected it. Instead, they want an approach that puts the middle class first, that returns our Nation to the fiscal and economic policies that have worked for this country before, by focusing on jobs and the economy, cutting spending responsibly, and calling on the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share.  The Senate budget--which we put out today--reflects the progrowth, pro-middle class agenda that the American people went to the polls and supported in November.  Our budget is really built on three principles: No. 1, we need to protect our fragile economic recovery, create jobs, and invest in long-term growth. No. 2, we need to tackle our deficit and debt fairly and responsibly. And, No. 3, we need to keep the promises we made to our Nation's seniors and families and our communities.  We believe with an unemployment rate that remains stubbornly high and a middle class that has seen their wages stagnate for far too long, we simply cannot afford any threats to our fragile recovery.  That is why this budget uses equal amounts of responsible spending cuts and new revenue from the wealthiest Americans to fully replace the cuts from sequestration--cuts that, by the way, threaten hundreds of thousands of jobs this year, and cuts that endanger economic growth for years to come, and cuts that are being felt in States such as mine, where military families are losing services, local housing officials are being forced to cut housing vouchers for the homeless, and furloughs are being handed out to thosewho are cleaning up nuclear waste that threatens our environment.  The budget we are offering invests in infrastructure and job training to get Americans back to work now. It prioritizes education, as well as research and development, so that our workforce of today and tomorrow has the skills to compete in the 21st century global economy.  Our budget puts jobs and the economy first and foremost. But it also builds on the work we have done over the last 2 years to tackle our deficit and debt responsibly.  Since 2010, Congress and the administration have worked together to reduce the deficit by $2.4 trillion--$1.8 trillion coming from spending cuts, $600 billion coming from allowing tax rates to rise on the wealthiest Americans, which we voted on in the year-end deal.  The Senate budget takes us the rest of the way to that $4 trillion goal and beyond. It builds on the $2.4 trillion in deficit reduction already done with an additional $1.85 trillion in new deficit reduction, for a total of $4.25 trillion in deficit reduction since the Simpson-Bowles report.  Our budget reduces the deficit to below 3 percent of GDP by 2015 and keeps it well below that level for the rest of the 10-year window in a responsible way. It pushes down our debt, as a percentage of the economy, moving in the right direction. Our budget tackles the deficit the way the American people have consistently said they want it done, with an equal mix of responsible spending cuts made across the Federal budget and new revenue raised by closing loopholes and cutting wasteful breaks that primarily benefit the rich.  This budget cuts spending responsibly by $975 billion, finding savings across the budget, including health and defense. It matches those responsible spending cuts with $975 billion in new revenue, which is raised by closing loopholes and cutting unfair spending in the Tax Code for those who need it the least, while locking in tax cuts for the middle class and low-income working families and protecting them from having to pay a penny more.  Since we have so far been unable to get a deal because Republicans reject using new revenue from the wealthiest to help us reduce the deficit, I want to emphasize that there is bipartisan support for deficit reduction through making the Tax Code more fair and efficient. During the recent fiscal cliff negotiations Speaker Boehner proposed that we reduce the deficit by $800 billion by closing what he called special interest loopholes and deductions. This budget takes him up on that.  In addition to investing in jobs and economic growth and tackling our deficit and debt responsibly, this budget also keeps the promises we have made to our seniors, our families, our veterans, and our communities. We strongly reject the call to dismantle Medicare by voucherizing it because this critical program that seniors and families support, paid into, and depend on should be protected. This budget takes a responsible, fair approach. It is the one endorsed by bipartisan groups and experts. It is the one supported by the vast majority of the American people.  The House of Representatives is also working on their budget resolution today. I know there are going to be serious differences between the visions and values and priorities within the budgets which will emerge from our Chamber and theirs. But the American people are going to have an opportunity now to examine these budgets side by side. They are going to be able to decide which approach is best for our economy, best for our jobs, and best for the middle class. They will let us know whether they want to go back down the path of the trickle-down policies that decimated the middle class and threw our economy into a tailspin or if they would prefer the approach we have seen work before: to tackle our deficit responsibly, to reinvest in the middle class, to build a strong foundation for growth, and to restore the promise of American opportunity.  The Senate budget is a balanced and responsible approach to taking us down that second path. I am hopeful the House of Representatives will join us at the bargaining table so we can end this gridlock and work together toward a responsible and bipartisan budget deal that the American people expect and deserve.  I yield the floor.  