 They want us to work together, they want us to solve problems, and they want us to focus on jobs, families, and broad-based economic growth. That is why I am so pleased we are now headed to a final vote on the budget agreement that Chairman Ryan and I reached that breaks through this partisanship and gridlock and shows that Congress can function when Democrats and Republicans work together to make some compromises for the good of the country.  The Bipartisan Budget Act puts jobs and economic growth first by rolling back those automatic and harmful cuts to education, medical research, infrastructure investments, and defense jobs for the next 2 years. If we didn't get a deal, we would have faced another continuing resolution that would have locked in those damaging automatic cuts or, worse, a potential government shutdown in only a few short weeks.  This bill we are about to vote on replaces almost two-thirds of the cuts for this year to the domestic discretionary investments and, importantly, it prevents the next round of defense cuts that is scheduled to hit in January.  It is not going to solve every problem the automatic cuts have caused, but it is a step in the right direction and a dramatic improvement over the status quo.  This bill builds on the $2.5 trillion in deficit reduction we have done since 2011 with an additional $23 billion in responsible savings across the Federal budget.  Crucially, we protected the fragile economic recovery by spreading the savings out responsibly over the next 10 years and maintained the key precedent that sequestration cannot be replaced with spending cuts alone.  This bill isn't exactly what I would have written on my own--and I am pretty sure it is not what Chairman Ryan would have written on his own--but it is what the American people have called for, a compromise. That means neither side got everything they wanted and both sides had to give a bit.  I am hopeful this deal can be a foundation for continued bipartisan work, because we do have a lot of big challenges ahead of us for our families and communities that we all represent.  As we wind this down and go to a vote in a minute, I especially wish to thank my colleague across the aisle, Chairman Ryan, for his work with me over the past 2 months. He stood with courage, an honest broker, and a tough negotiator, but in the end we were able to come to an agreement and I wish to commend him for that.  I thank ranking member Chris Van Hollen, who worked steadfastly with us.  I thank Leader Reid and all of our leadership for their support throughout this budget process as we worked to negotiate this deal and move it through the Senate.  I also particularly thank the members of the Senate Budget Committee who worked so hard to pass a budget, start a conference, and reach this bipartisan deal--Senators Ron Wyden, Bill Nelson, Debbie Stabenow, Bernie Sanders, Sheldon Whitehouse, Mark Warner, Jeff Merkley, Chris Coons, Tammy Baldwin, Tim Kaine, and Angus King. They were great members of our Budget Committee, and I thank them for their diligent work this year, as well as all of the Republicans on our committee who worked so hard with us.  Finally, I thank all of our staffs who have spent so many hours on putting this together.  From my office, Budget Committee staff director Evan Schatz; our deputy staff director John Righter; Budget Committee communications director Eli Zupnick; my chief of staff Mike Spahn; and all of our staff members, too numerous to mention right now, but I want each and every one of them to know how much I appreciate the intense work they put into all of this. I will insert all of their names in the Record.  I also thank Chairman Ryan's office: Budget Committee staff director Austin Smythe; policy director Jonathan Burks; and many more who helped us be successful.  I also thank David Krone from Leader Reid's office and Kris Sarri from the Office of Management and Budget.  I thank Director Doug Elmendorf, Bob Sunshine, Pete Fontaine, and all of the staff at the Congressional Budget Office for their innumerable hard work and support.  We are at the end of the time. I urge all of our colleagues now to support this Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. We are about to put jobs and economic growth first and, most importantly, we are going to give the American people back some certainty that they do deserve.  Has all postcloture time expired in the motion to concur with respect to H.J. Res. 59?  