  Mr. McCAIN. If it is OK with the Senator, because we know what is going to happen, I would like to make remarks, and then the Senator from Florida will make the same argument that was made the last few days, and fortunately I do not have to listen again.  For 4 years Members on this side of the aisle argued strenuously that we were doing a great disservice to the country by not taking up and debating and amending a budget that would then go to conference with the other side of the Capitol, the House of Representatives, and then we would do what we expect and, unfortunately, every family in America has to do, and that is to pass a budget under which we would be guided in our authorization and appropriations process.  Now my colleague from Florida will come to the floor and say that we have amassed a debt because of the budget. But we did not have a budget for 4 years. So how can you argue that the fact that we may go to conference on a budget--that somehow that would be responsible for the debt? Obviously, it is nonsense. Obviously, it is nonsense, just as, frankly, it was nonsense when the same group of Senators said we should not even debate gun measures in light of a tragedy that took place in Connecticut and another tragedy that took place in Tucson, AZ. They did not even want to take up and debate ideas that some of us had to try to keep weapons out of the hands of criminals and the hands of the mentally ill.  So now we have a Senate where we refuse to move forward on issues and have open debate and discussion and votes. I have always believed, in the years I have been here, with Republican and Democratic majorities, that the way we are supposed to function is to say: OK, let's give it our best shot, and let's do the best we can, and let's have votes.  One of our objections against the majority leader was that he would not let us have votes on amendments. We had--I have forgotten how many--votes on the budget that lasted until I believe around 7 o'clock in the morning. So the opponents of moving forward on anything cannot argue we did not have votes on the budget, cannot argue they were blocked from whatever amendment they wanted to have voted on.  So now we are faced with a situation where we will not go to conference. And I want to tell my colleagues who continue to do this that, with my strenuous objections, the majority will become frustrated and the majoritycan change the rules of the Senate. They can do that. And I must say that although I would strenuously object to a change in the rules, I can understand the frustration many of my friends on the other side of the aisle feel at a failure of a simple process of going to conference when the majority on the other side of the Capitol is of our party. That is really very difficult to understand, unless you take the word of one of my colleagues who came to the floor and said: I do not trust Democrats, and I do not trust Republicans. Let me repeat what he said: I do not trust Democrats, and I do not trust Republicans. It is not a matter of trusting Democrats or Republicans. What this is a matter of is whether we will go through the legislative process that people sent us here to do. And I have probably lost many more times than I have won, but I have been satisfied in the times that I have lost that I was able to make my argument, put it to the will of the body, and it was either accepted or rejected. That is how people, schoolchildren all over America, expect us to behave. That is the way our Constitution is written. That is what this body is supposed to be about.  So when we have a--by the way, Madam President, this is the last time I am going to come to the floor on this exercise because it is obviously a fruitless kind of effort until something changes, and obviously that is not going to happen in the short term.  My friends will be saying they are Reagan Republicans, they are Reagan Republicans. Well, I was here when Ronald Reagan was President of the United States. President Reagan, rightly or wrongly, passed amnesty for 3 million people who were in this country illegally. Ronald Reagan sat down with Tip O'Neill, and they saved Social Security from bankruptcy. Ronald Reagan sat down with the Democrats, and they agreed on ways of increasing revenues and cutting spending. Ronald Reagan's record is very clear, and by the way, it was one of an assertive role of the United States of America and leadership in the world and not come home to ``fortress America.'' So sometimes when I hear my colleagues here talk about how they are Ronald Reagan Republicans, I do not think Ronald Reagan would have disagreed that we should have a budget, we should have a budget to guide the legislative agenda of the Congress of the United States.  So, as I said, I will not be coming back to the floor again while my colleagues object. And I see my colleague from Utah who was so unfamiliar with what we do here that he claimed it was behind closed doors in back rooms. The fact is that the budget conference is on C-SPAN and open to all.  So I can just say to my colleagues that this is not a proud moment for me, as we block a process that was agreed to and enacted for many, many years; was not enacted for 4 years over the strenuous objections of myself and my colleagues that we did not enact a budget. We enacted a budget after an all-night marathon of vote after vote after vote on literally any issue, and there was not a single vote proposed by my colleagues here that said that we cannot agree to a lifting of the debt limit. Now, the floor was open for that amendment, and I do not know why my colleagues now view this as the criteria for us moving forward on the bill. So I wish them luck, and I will not be coming to the floor again to object to their objection, and we will let the American people make a judgment.  I yield the floor.  