 I have heard from every single branch of our military services that the impact in 2014, a few weeks from now, would be devastating if the current sequester continues to take place. I would add to the Senator from Arizona, coming from a State where we have a number of military bases, I have heard from the families of those soldiers and airmen and sailors that they are deeply worried about their loved ones and their lives if we do not replace the sequester.  I want to personally thank the Senator for his hard work and his support behind the scenes to help us get to where we are today, because without the Senator's voice in this, it would have been extremely difficult. I carry his voice and many voices into that conference room to take some very tough choices forward so those families, all the way up to those top generals, do not have to enact the further cuts of sequestration.  Mr. McCAIN. If I may ask the chairperson, in summary: One, there is no legislative proposal between now and January 15 that anyone sees that could pass both Houses of Congress and be signed by the President of the United States that would prevent another government shutdown on January 15. I would ask the chairman if that is true.  Second, is it not true that if we go through the sequestration again, particularly because of the nature of the sequester legislation, that there is a sharp drop in 2014, and then a sort of a restoration in following years? In other words, the worst year of the entire sequestration process would be next year, unless we soften the blow. Is it not true that nobody cares more about those who serve in the military than their uniformed leaders, and unanimously those uniformed leaders have said they support this legislation?  Is it not true that the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and the Armed Services Committee, will have an entire year, because this legislation will not take effect--this cost-of-living adjustment will not take effect until January 15, 2015, so we have an entire year of authorization committee consideration of this particular provision?  Is it also not true that it is recognized by all members of the Armed Services Committee and the Appropriations Committee and the chairman of the Budget Committee that we have continued increases in costs and benefits forever because of our inability to fund our national security? In other words, the dramatic increase in personnel and benefit costs are such that we are not going to have money left over for the mission, the equipment, and the capabilities?  Is it also not true--I would ask again what the obvious is: The Simpson-Bowles plan, which was embraced wholeheartedly by many of us, including this Senator, by the way, said to defer cost-of-living adjustment for retirees in all--that is all cost-of-livingadjustments for retirees in the current system until age 62.  Is this far more draconian, what is envisioned in Simpson-Bowles, than what is before the body today? So is it hard to understand why someone would embrace Simpson-Bowles and yet find this provision as objectionable as it is? I find the provision objectionable, but I have confidence, and I hope the budget chairperson would agree, that it deserves the review and legislating, if it needs to be fixed, because the fact is that we have to look at the entire retirement and benefits that are now present in the military--for example, TRICARE, where there has not been an increase in premiums I believe since 1985, while the cost of health care has skyrocketed.  So, again, I would ask the chairman of the Budget Committee if that is true. If it is true, then does it not deserve some consideration for those who care, as I do and I know the chairperson does, about the men and women who are serving in the military, and should we not listen to our military leadership who literally are saying they cannot defend this Nation if this sequester continues, particularly in the fashion, the meat ax fashion, with which sequestration is now impacting our Nation's defense?  