 The Simpson-Bowles Commission, in their report, asked for an elimination of the entire COLA, as the Senator outlined in his opening remarks today. The budget bill before us took a different approach, and I appreciate the Senator reminding all of us that is out there.  Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, could I ask the chairperson, is it not true that what you have proposed is 1-percentage point for military retirees--to reduce the annual cost-of-living adjustment by 1 percentage point for military retirees--which means, according to House Budget Committee staff: A person who enlisted at age 18 and retired at 38 as a sergeant first class in the Army would see approximately a 6-percent overall reduction in lifetime pay because of the COLA reduction; that is, that person would receive about $1.626 million in lifetime retirement pay instead of $1.734 million.  So that is as compared to what Simpson-Bowles envisioned: complete elimination, as opposed to this 1-percent reduction.  I would also ask, again, to the chairperson of the Budget Committee, is it not true that this cost-of-living adjustment reduction, the 1 percent, does not kick in until 2015, the end of 2015? And is it not true that Senator Levin, and I, and all others, have committed to reviewing this provision, with the outlook, at least in my view, to repealing it if necessary? But also there is a commission, supported by Members on both sides of the aisle, which looks at this entire issue of cost-of-living adjustments, of retirement, of TRICARE, of all of these issues because of the increasing costs of these benefits--in the words of Secretary Gates, former Secretary of Defense, who all of us admire so much--that are ``eating us alive.''  So again, the Simpson-Bowles plan, which was embraced almost unanimously on both sides of the aisle, eliminates the cost-of-living adjustments for any retirees during their working age. This plan, which is met with such outrage, is only a 1-percent reduction--by the way, I want revised as well--that they would receive $1.626 million instead of $1.734 million.  Finally, I would ask the distinguished chairperson, does she know of another plan, another idea, another legislative proposal that will prevent us from shutting down the government again--something I refuse to inflict on the citizens of my State? I refuse to disturb their lifestyles, to destroy their income, to shut down essential government services, the nightmare we just went through.  So I guess my question to the chairperson is, does the Senator know of another avenue between now and I believe it is January 15 when the government would be shut down again that we could pursue that would prevent another government shutdown?  