 President, I wish to thank my budget colleagues who are here with me today. They have spent many hours putting together a budget and coming to the floor with all of the Senate to work on over 100 amendments way into the middle of the night in order to get a budget passed. We are all here ready because we came to the Senate--to this Congress--to solve problems. We decided, as a committee and as a Democratic caucus, it is very important we move forward on a budget.  We want to solve this problem so we can get back to regular order so our country--businesses, communities, and everyone--knows where our priorities are and what path we are on so we can bring some certainty to this country again.  It is so disappointing to me that four times now the Republicans have objected to us now taking the necessary next step, which is to work together with our House colleagues, find a compromise, and move forward. We are working for certainty. It is disappointing to me that those on the other side of the aisle--and we all remember they spent month after month and had chart after chart on the floor telling us we had not passed a budget, we need to go to regular order--are now saying: No. No regular order, no budget, no process, no certainty, no conclusion to this very important problem on which we have all come together to work. This is disturbing for a number of reasons, and my colleagues have talked about it.  We have constituents at home--whether it is a business, a school, delivering Meals On Wheels, planning their military operations for the next year, as well as the agricultural industry--wondering what their plan is for the future. What they are being told--now for the fourth time in a row--by the Republicans in the Senate is: We are not going to give you any certainty. We like to live with uncertainty.  There is no doubt that moving to conference is not going to be easy; solving this problem is not going to be easy. I want our colleagues to know what I have consistently heard from the Democratic side is that we understand the word ``compromise.'' We know that in order to solve this huge problem, we have to come to the table and compromise and listen to the other side.  We cannot do this in the dead of night. We cannot do it with a couple of people sitting in a room. That has been done before, and it doesn't work. We need to have regular order, and we need to have this process out in the open. We need to have the American people hear what the different sides say, and then we are all going to have to take some tough votes.  I can assure the American people that on this side we understand what it means to take tough votes and we understand the word ``compromise'' and the need to get our country back on track.  As the Senator from Virginia said, we need to show the country that democracy can work. We are willing to take that step to make it work, and I urge our Republican colleagues to step forward and allow us to make that move. Do not object to us trying to solve problems because that is what is happening.  I urge our Republican colleagues--and the House as well--to move to conference so we can have a debate and discussion on this deeply urgent matter for our country.  I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor.  