 Our State is an economic leader. We are home to the American aerospace industry and a thriving agricultural sector. Dozens of companies create new products and new jobs with cutting-edge technology. We are a leader in protecting the environment and educating our children. Washington State is a place tens of thousands of servicemembers and veterans call home. I am here today because I wish to speak about another way Washington State has set an example for the entire country; that is, our State's proud history of protecting the rights of all of our citizens, including members of the LGBT community.  In 2006 Washington State passed one of our country's strongest antidiscrimination laws--one that serves as a model for the Federal legislation we are considering here today. In 2007 and 2008 we passed additional legislation to further protect the rights of same-sex couples, and 1 year ago today our State voted proudly to uphold landmark marriage-equality legislation. What we have to show for it is really two results. First, we have a thriving LGBT community made up of individuals and families who can feel safe and respected and valued as does anyone else. Second, we have a growing economy that is anchored by businesses that respect their employees and judge them by only that which matters: their hard work and ability.  I rise today to simply ask my colleagues who don't yet support this legislation to take a look at my home State of Washington because in places such as Seattle and Spokane, we are proving every day that protecting the rights of our LGBT friends and neighbors isn't just the right thing to do; it works and it makes our country stronger.  Some of my colleagues have said that extending employment protections for our LGBT friends and family members is too hard. Some of them said it will create problems for businesses and communities. Well, I invite them to come to Seattle and ask businesses there whether it has been problematic to respect their employees' rights. I would invite them to visit Amazon or Starbucks or Nordstrom or Microsoft--just a few of our State's successful businesses that have taken the lead in protecting the rights of their LGBT employees. We know in Washington State that it is wrong to discriminate against people. We know that a person's race or religion or gender has nothing to do with their ability in the workplace, and we know that sexual orientation and gender identity don't either.  Most all of our constituents--four out of five Americans--falsely believe LGBT Americans already have the protections included in this bill, and most people believe that because denying Americans their rights doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense that some men and women can be fired from their jobs just because of who they are or whom they love. We know it is not fair in my home State of Washington, but people in every State--from Virginia and Mississippi to Arizona and Idaho--know the same.  Many of my colleagues have cited these statistics, but they are worth repeating. Two-thirds of all Americans, including a majority of Republicans, believe in protecting LGBT citizens from employment discrimination. Despite that, more than half our country lives in States in which their rights are not protected. I am proud my State does protect those rights, but we can't stop working until the same is true in all 50 States. So for any of my colleagues who still aren't convinced that LGBT Americans deserve the same rights as all of us, my invitation to visit Washington State stands because it is not enough that my constituents are free from discrimination, their constituents deserve the same.  Thank you, Madam President.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  