 President, I come to the floor this evening with a very sad heart to speak about one of our colleagues here in the Senate who gave tremendous service to his country and sadly passed away last night.  Senator Frank Lautenberg was a true American. He earned a lot throughout his lifetime, but he came here to the Senate floor to fight for all of those people who didn't have the ability to fight for themselves. He was here in the Senate with us just a few weeks ago even though he himself was battling an extremely difficult illness.  I think of Frank Lautenberg as a man of tremendous determination, an awful lot of grit, and someone who really embodies the term ``happy warrior.'' He wanted to be here to fight for those who didn't have what he did. Throughout his career, that is exactly what he did.  Frank lived the American dream. He was the son of poor immigrants, and he rose to become a chief executive of a business that employed thousands of people around the world. He personally did very well, but he was never satisfied with just his own personal success. He understood, as so many other great Americans, that his success was based on the opportunities this country afforded him. So he chose over three decades to give back and to fight for people to make sure they had the opportunities he had.  He started his career in the Senate back in 1982. As many of us who served with him know, he decided to retire, but he was not happy in retirement. He wanted to be here doing what he loved--being a Senator and fighting for the people of his home State of New Jersey and fighting for Americans all over to have the opportunities I just spoke about. He made it his mission to make sure the ladders that were there for him were there for the generations that came behind him.  He was a proud World War II veteran--in fact, the last this body will know. He fought for the post-9/11 GI bill because, as did my dad, who was also a World War II veteran, he had used the GI bill after World War II. He knew it was the key to unlocking the knowledge that powered the ``greatest generation.'' He wanted that for those who came behind him.  His desire to stand for the powerless is also why he championed legislation to protect families from gun violence, why he stood to safeguard families against dangerous chemicals time and time again, and why he took on the powerful to ban smoking on airplanes and to bring about tougher drunk driving protections.  I personally will always remember Frank's passion for transportation. He chaired the Transportation and Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Subcommittee before I did, and I spent many years working with him to make sure we funded the infrastructure of this country--rail, highway, airline safety issues.  Frank's legacy really is that his direct work saved lives. He saved lives. He helped to build transportation networks that brought families, businesses, and communities together. He wanted a better life for families in America. He was a champion for the underserved and underrepresented.  How many times have I been on the floor feeling like a lonely voice--fighting for women's health care issues or fighting for the protection of families against hazardous chemicals or fighting for victims of domestic violence--and time and time again Frank Lautenberg would come over here to stand beside and fight with me, no matter what the time of day or the late hour of the night, because that was his passion and his cause.  He was a passionate public servant. He was not afraid to fight and vote for what he believed. He could never understand anyone who came here and tried to figure out which way the winds were blowing in order to take a vote. Frank came and was passionate about whom he cared for, and he did not care about the political consequences. He wanted to fight for the underserved.  He loved the Senate. In fact, he loved it so much that one tour of duty was not enough and service called him back, as I said. Up until just a few days ago, nothing could stop Frank from taking Amtrak down here to fight for the issues he believed in and the people of New Jersey whom he represented so well.  Frank Lautenberg gave everything he had to public service, and those who served with him, as I was so fortunate to do, know it gave him all the satisfaction in the world.  He is going to be missed by all of us. He will be missed for his determination, for his passion, for always caring, and for fighting for what was right for all the people in this country.  I just wish to say tonight that my thoughts and prayers are with Bonnie and all of his family as they struggle with this loss but to know that his legacy lives on in the safety and caring of so many families in this country for whom he worked so passionately and hard.  Thank you.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  