 We have waited long enough. In fact, we have now waited 54 days, and it is time to get to work on a bipartisan budget agreement.  The Senate Democrats see no reason for delay. We are very proud of our budget, which puts forward a strong, fair vision for getting Americans back to work, tackling our long-term debt and deficit challenges, and laying a strong foundation for the middle class in the future. It seems that some of our Republican colleagues in the Senate and House would rather wait now until the next crisis and see if they can extract political concessions with the clock ticking--or maybe they don't want to air the details of the unpopular House budget.  Either way, there is no excuse for putting the American people through another round of partisan brinkmanship. We have already seen that that hurts our economy, and it causes Americans to question whether their government is working for them.  Yesterday the House Republicans met to talk about what they are going to demand in exchange for not tanking our economy. Apparently they are considering a ``laundry list,'' including repealing ObamaCare--which the House will vote on, by the way, for the 37th time today--and restrictions on women's health choices.  House Republicans' practice of leveraging crises for their own gain died with the Boehner rule, and no amount of wishing is going to bring it back. House Republicans may think brinkmanship helps them win political fights, but it does not help the American families and communities we are here to serve.  I urge our Republican colleagues in the Senate to take a step toward a responsible bipartisan budget agreement and a step away from governing by crisis.  I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 33, H. Con. Res. 25; that the amendment which is at the desk, the text of S. Con. Res. 8, the budget resolution passed by the Senate, be inserted in lieu thereof; that H. Con. Res. 25, as amended, be agreed to, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Senate insist on its amendment, request a conference with the House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and the Chair be authorized to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate, all with no intervening action or debate.  