  This is the first appropriations bill to come before the Senate. We have worked very hard, in a bipartisan way, to have a bill that invests in the projects that are important to this country, to move us forward, and help secure a strong future for this country.  It is a bill that was tough to write. Our allocation is much lower than those of us who are working on these issues would like to see it, but we have tried to be pragmatic and practical and move forward.  I know there are those Members of the Senate who make the argument that our allocation is higher than the House and would vote against these bills. I would remind all of our colleagues, I have been out on this floor innumerable times urging our colleagues to let us go to conference on the budget so we can work out this disagreement and be able to have allocations be the same from the House and the Senate. But we have been unable to do that because a small group of Senators on the other side have objected to us going to that conference. So we are at the place now where we have to move these appropriations bills forward. It does mean eventually we will have to get to a conference and, as my ranking member pointed out, we will have to work out an agreement. But until we can go to conference and work out the overall number, we have to move forward on these bills; otherwise, we are going to face a crisis come the end of September in terms of funding our government and giving certainty to people across this country about whether we will be allocating funds for them to be able to move forward on their budgets at the local and State levels.  I urge our colleagues to vote yes, allow us to move to this bill. As my ranking member has said, bring your amendments to the floor. If you have an objection to something in the bill or you want to change something or you want a discussion about something, we will be here, ready to take amendments, look at them, and have the will of the Senate move forward.  In a few short minutes, we will move to that vote and I urge our colleagues to vote yes.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  