 President, I rise along with my colleague, the Ranking Member of the Budget Committee, Senator Sessions, to pay tribute to Frank J. Sammartino, who is retiring this week after 33 years of distinguished Federal service, including 26 years serving the Congress at the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Economic Committee.  Mr. Sammartino began his Federal career in 1978, working in the office of the assistant secretary for planning and evaluation at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, where he worked until 1985. He left HHS for the Tax Analysis Division in the Congressional Budget Office, where he has worked for most of his remaining career. While at CBO, Mr. Sammartino has risen up through the ranks to his current position of assistant director for Tax Analysis, the director's top person on all tax policy and budget matters. In addition to his work at CBO, he has also served Congress as the chief economist and deputy director at the Joint Economic Committee.  As head of the Tax Analysis Division at CBO, Mr. Sammartino has worked tirelessly to ensure the Congress has quality and timely analysis of tax policy and budget issues. He has directly contributed to and overseen numerous baseline projections, policy studies, and cost estimates. In fact, early on atCBO, he developed the first microsimulation model used by CBO for analyzing tax policy. That model became the basis for CBO's individual income tax projections and its analysis of the distribution of federal taxes. In general, his expertise on a wide range of public policy issues has served as a valuable resource for Members and staff.  Mr. Sammartino exemplifies CBO's high standards of professionalism, objectivity, and nonpartisanship, and has received the highest awards for outstanding service while at both CBO and HHS. As chairman, I greatly appreciate the sacrifices that he--as well as his family, including his wife, Ellen, and children, Frank and Lulu--have made in assisting the Budget Committee and Congress.  I would like to turn to my colleague, Senator Sessions, for his remarks.  