Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 121, which calls on the Government of Japan to formally acknowledge, apologize, and accept historical responsibility for its role in the coercion of young women and girls, euphemistically known to the world as `comfort women', to serve as sex slaves in Japanese military comfort stations from the 1930s through World War II.  I would especially like to thank Mr. Honda for his leadership on the issue of `comfort women' and for his expression of solidarity with these exploited women and urge each and everyone of my colleagues to support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, as you well know, the friendship and alliance that exists between the United States and Japan establishes stability and prosperity in Asia and the Pacific and is essential to our security interests in that region. This resolution calls on the Government of Japan to strengthen that tie by acknowledging the facts forever enshrined in history and by publicly denouncing these past heinous human rights abuses in one of the largest cases of human trafficking in the 20th century.  Only in recent years have these victims of Imperial Japanese brutality relayed their stories to the world. In fact, just this year, on February 15, 2007, three women who knew firsthand the unequivocal pain, suffering and horror of sexual servitude at the hands of the Japanese military testified at a subcommittee hearing chaired by Mr. Faleomavaega. These women relayed heartbreaking real life accounts of years of torment, disease, and separation from their families. These women are still plagued today by the physical and emotional scars of the horrendous human rights abuses committed against them.  On April 26 of this year, my good friend and the former chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Henry Hyde and I co-authored an op-ed in the Washington Times urging `the Japanese people to courageously acknowledge and redress the wrongs perpetuated by Imperial Japan' on these women and `to come to grips' with the history of their past. In light of Japan's recent wavering on the accuracy of historical fact regarding comfort women, I stand with my colleagues in urging the Japanese Government to very clearly acknowledge, apologize, and accept historical responsibility in a clear, unequivocal manner for its Imperial Armed Forces' coercion of young women into sexual slavery.   