Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I am pleased, Mr. Speaker, to take this opportunity to rise in support of House Resolution 583 recognizing the remarkable example of Sir Nicholas Winton, who organized the rescue of 669 Jewish Czechoslovakian children from Nazi death camps prior to the outbreak of World War II.  Sir Nicholas Winton, like many of life's heroes, sought no publicity for his efforts, which ultimately saved those young lives. In fact, for more than 50 years Winton's heroism went unrecognized until his wife, Greta, stumbled across a leather briefcase in their attic in which she found documentation of the children smuggled out of Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia and letters written by their parents.  Though less well known, Sir Nicholas' story has much in common with Oskar Schindler's, which has been celebrated in both print and film.  In 1938, Nicholas, a British subject, traveled to Prague, where he was haunted by the impression of refugee camps which were newly constructed there. This experience motivated him to tirelessly lobby the British Government in attempts to secure visas for Czechoslovakian Jewish refugee children.  Winton's efforts enabled the safe escape to Britain of almost 700 kids who surely would have perished without his intervention. Sir Nicholas' mission waseven more challenging, as it required that he first find a foster family to accept each child before they would be accepted into the country.  It is staggering to consider today that there are over 5,000 descendants of ``Winton children'' around the world, including the UK, Canada, Czech Republic and the United States, lives that would have perished without Sir Nicholas' selfless dedication to a remarkable humanitarian mission.  Nearly 100 years old today, Sir Nicholas Winton has been honored with the title Member of the British Empire and with knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II.  I encourage my colleagues to support this and I thank Mr. Klein for his authorship of this legislation  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of our time.  