Mr. Chairman, after scouting possible targets in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, the six members of a terrorist cell arrested in New Jersey last week chose to attack Fort Dix due to the access one member had to that installation. As a pizza delivery man, he was able to get on the base, survey the infrastructure and personnel, draw maps, and determine the best locations for the highest kill rate.  If not for a citizen's tip and a thorough and aggressive law enforcement team led by U.S. Attorney Chris Christie, who through a 16-month surveillance effort dotted every ``i'' and crossed every ``t,'' terrorists could have infiltrated the base with the sole intent of killing as many people as possible.  Mr. Chairman, my South Jersey colleagues and I have been arguing for years that easy civilian access to our military bases--across the Nation--could leave them vulnerable to those wishing to do us harm.  In 2004, we passed a modified version of my bill, the Military Bases Security Act, H.R. 3695, and mandated a pilot program in which the Department of Defense could test and increase the vetting of civilians who worked on our bases as employees of private contractors. Because the greatest vulnerability exists when contractors are brought in to complete major construction and facility maintenance jobs, my bill also instructed DOD to use the pilot program to test and implement the best value contracting process instead of the lowest bidder process.  In the best value process, contractors are given points for their staffing plans and employee training programs--two effective means for vetting and eliminating unqualified and even undocumented workers from construction jobs. The thought is that by rewarding contractors who vet, train, and hire experienced workers, another layer of protection would be put in place as we attempt to secure our bases.  Regrettably, DOD has yet to issue its final analysis on the pilot program and an interim report indicates that their implementation of the program has been feckless at best. And despite the insistence by the Department of Defense that they are doing everything possible to ensure our bases are employing qualified and legal workers, we consistently learn of Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel arresting dozens of illegal aliens ``working'' on military bases around the country. In January of this year, the International Herald Tribune ran a story that stated nearly 40 illegal aliens were arrested on military installations in Georgia, Virginia and Nevada. And one arrested in Nevada was a member of MS-13, one of the most dangerous gangs in the U.S.  I remain convinced that through best value contracting we can and will do a better job of ensuring that those who obtain contracts on our bases are employing legal and qualified workers. And I am committed to ensuring that DOD gives more than lip service to the pilot program and its provisions to vet unqualified workers and attain the best workmanship and better security at our bases.  The amendment offered today by my colleague Jim Saxton also seeks to vet civilians who enter or conduct business on our bases. Specifically, the Saxton amendment, which is part of an en bloc amendment, requires FBI criminal background checks and clearance from the Department of Homeland Security for any ``unescorted civilian seeking access to a military installation or facility or any civilian who is an employee of a contractor or vendor of a military installation.'' Without the background check, these civilians will be blocked from entering a base.  Mr. Chairman, we cannot hermetically seal our military bases--many of which have great activities for the general public--but we can and must make every effort to provide greater protection. The Saxton amendment is another positive step in this direction and I urge my colleagues to support it.  