Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Pitts amendment.  As an original cosponsor of the President's $15 billion, 5-year law to combat HIV/AIDS in Africa, I rise in strong opposition to the language in the bill that undermines and dismisses the successful HIV/AIDS prevention spending requirement in the PEPFAR legislation.  Where the epidemic has spread among the general population, the only successful evidence-based approach to HIV/AIDS prevention is that which emphasizes abstinence before marriage and faithfulness in relationships, and, lastly, where necessary, condoms.  The success of the ABC approach depends on the proper balance between these three elements. The spending requirement is necessary to attain that balance.  The vast majority of PEPFAR's focus countries have generalized epidemics; and those that have emphasized A and B, abstinence and being faithful programming, have experienced significant increases in the number of youth and adults who are either abstaining or being mutually faithful, and, at the same time, they have seen significant drops in those countries, in the percentage of their population infected with HIV/AIDS.  Examples of countries that have aggressively promoted abstinence and fidelity at the national level, backed by real resources, and have experienced decreased HIV rates include Uganda, Senegal, Jamaica, Thailand, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Dominican Republic and Kenya.  On the other hand, no country with a generalized epidemic that has relied primarily on condom promotion has reported a decline in HIV rates. Southern Africa is a tragic example of this.  The Washington Post on March 2 pointed out that ``researchers increasingly attribute the resilience of HIV in Botswana, and in Southern Africa generally, to the high incidence of multiple sexual relationships . . . [Western AIDS experts] brought not just ideas, but money, and soon billboards in Botswana touted condoms. Schoolchildren sang about them. Cadres of young women demonstrated how to roll them out. The anti-AIDS partnership between the . . . Gates Foundation and drugmaker Merck budgeted $13.5 million for condom promotion, 25 times the amount dedicated to curbing dangerous sexual behavior. But soaring rates of condom use,'' The Washington Post went on, ``have not brought down high HIV rates. Instead, they rose together until both were among the highest in Africa.''  As indicated in The Washington Post report, those who are considered AIDS experts in the West, including some of those who directed U.S. prevention funding prior to PEPFAR, imposed their narrow-minded condom promotion mentality on Africa.  The PEPFAR coordinator, on the other hand, Ambassador Mark Dybul, testified last fall that the 33 percent prevention spending requirement ``has helped support PEPFAR's field personnel in appropriately broadening the range of prevention efforts . . . In addition, the directive has helped PEPFAR to align itself with the strategies of the host nations, of which ABC is a key element.''  In a letter to the editor of Lancet, June 2006, the Minister of Health of Namibia noted that PEPFAR support for AB, abstinence and faithful, is needed to ensure the balance of the ABC programs that Namibia seeks. That is because, he goes on to say, other international donors support only condoms but not abstinence or being faithful programs.  Finally, let me say that even with the spending requirement, the United States remains by far the largest condom distributor in the world.  If our goal here is to save lives by implementing the strongest evidence-based prevention programs possible, we should be at least maintaining, and I would suggest increasing, the percentage of funding directed to abstinence and to being faithful programs. It works, it has proven that it works, and I support the Pitts amendment.  