Madam Speaker, most of my colleagues are aware of the tragic fact that since 1973, approximately 49 million innocent unborn babies have been brutally dismembered or chemically poisoned to death in what is euphemistically called choice.  Abortion methods are extraordinarily cruel. They are painful and violent. Indeed, abortion is an act of violence against children. Unborn children in America today have less protection than most animals, including fighting dogs and eagles.  It is dismaying and disappointing to me that H.R. 3162, a bill that purports to assist sick and disabled children, explicitly fails to acknowledge an entire class of children, unborn children. The aggressive demands of the abortion culture distorts reality even here. The impulse to deny unborn children any value or worth or dignity is so extreme that the bill doesn't include and wouldn't even make in order Mr. Pitts' amendment to include acknowledgment that these young and vulnerable patients often need intervention, including microsurgery and blood transfusion, just like any other patient.  Why the bias against the innocent unborn? The Bush administration's policy promulgated in 2002 is put at risk. That was and is a progressive policy--a policy of inclusion.. I am very disappointed in my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for failing to include all kids under this administration.  By way of background the administration promulgated the Unborn Child Rule to give states the option to explicitly include unborn children as unique patients in their SCHIP programs. Eleven states, including California, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Texas, Wisconsin, and Michigan now include explicit coverage for unborn babies in their programs. H.R. 3162 puts that enlightened and progressive policy at risk.  It's worth noting that the Bush 2002 Unborn Child Rule was savaged by the pro-abortion lobby. Planned Parenthood included it in their list of actions they regard as a war on women. Which of course is absurd. I guess when your organization kills 265,000 unborn children in Planned Parenthood clinics each year, you find it hard to think or say anything good about an unborn baby.  But, the underlying prejudice and bias that makes this vulnerable class of humans expendable and persona non grata should not be endorsed by this bill.  Vote ``no'' on the rule--give the Pitts amendment a chance to be voted on.  