Mr. Speaker, the deplorable crime of human trafficking exploits the innocent while it promotes illegal immigration.  The legislation we are considering today builds upon the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. That historic legislation combated the trafficking of persons into the sex trade and slavery in the United States and countries around the world through the prosecution of traffickers and through protection and assistance to victims of trafficking.  As Chairman of the Judiciary Committee's Immigration and Claims Subcommittee in 2000, I worked closely with the sponsors of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act to ensure that it protected victims of trafficking without encouraging the smuggling of illegal immigrants.  The legislation created a new nonimmigrant T visa for victims of severe forms of trafficking who have cooperated with U.S. law enforcement in the investigation and prosecution of traffickers.  The William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act judiciously expands on the immigration provisions of the 2000 Act and also adds reasonable protections for unaccompanied alien minors apprehended by our immigration officers.  When I reviewed the original bill, my goal was to modify certain provisions that I was concerned would encourage illegal immigration and immigration fraud and leave us vulnerable to dangerous juveniles.  I want to thank Chairman Conyers and Chairwoman Lofgren for addressing those concerns.  I also want to thank Chairman Conyers for addressing my concerns with the criminal provisions of the original bill.  The bill now lessens the burden on prosecutors to prove that criminals forced victims to work in sweatshops or as prostitutes.  I do remain concerned about increasing the Federal role in prosecuting cases involving pimping and pandering. These crimes are traditionally prosecuted at the State and local level and I believe that Federal jurisdiction is unnecessary. However, I will not oppose this bill on that basis.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  