I thank my good friend for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, the Lowey amendment reiterates the unambiguous intention of the underlying language in the bill that Mr. Stupak and I will seek to strike later on, that, if enacted, provides in-kind U.S. taxpayer assistance to pro-abortion organizations around the world. That's what's happening here, nothing more and nothing less.  Prolife Members, especially some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, know and fully understand that in-kind contributions are of no less value than money. In-kind or cash, it is a distinction without a difference.  The intended recipients of the Lowey amendment are precisely those pro- abortion organizations that have refused to divest themselves of abortion and agree to the Mexico City provisions. The Mexico City policy, separates family planning from abortion. The Mexico City policy helps to ensure that foreign nongovernment organizations that want U.S. grants, be they in the form of cash or in-kind commodities contraceptives, only engage themselves in family planning, as advertised.  It stands to reason, if we support pro-abortion organizations, unborn children and their mothers, and the laws that today protect them, will be put into jeopardy; and the violence of abortion will increase and not be diminished.  Let me just note that neither the Mexico City policy, nor the amendment that Mr. Stupak and I will offer today, reduces family planning by so much as a penny. It simply strikes the language in the bill that carves out an exception to the Mexico City policy for who? The pro-abortion organizations.  As a matter of fact, since the restoration of the Mexico City policy, several countries, including Ethiopia, DR Congo, Nigeria, Uganda, Haiti, Pakistan, have gotten huge increases in contraceptives and family planning assistance. Ethiopia, for example, went from $4.9 million to $19.5 million in 2007 under the Mexico City policy, almost a 300 percent increase.  Congo went from $1 million to $9 million. Pakistan for 1.4 to 16.5. U.S. funding to Nigeria and Uganda doubled while Haiti tripled. USAID has made it clear that it targets what its analysts say is unmet need. Even Ghana has seen its average annual contraception shipment rise, from $1.5 million in calendar years 1998-2001 to $2.3 million for calendar years 2002-2003.  Under the Mexico City policy, the U.S. has remained the largest donor nation by far to international family planning. We just insist and direct that those funds are used in a way and go to the groups that are about family planning and are not double hatted, trying to enable abortionists and abortion lobbyists overseas.  I would point out, as Mrs. Lowey stated earlier when she talked about lobbying, the Mexico City policy, I have a copy for anybody to read, makes it very clear that when it comes to lobbying, we are only talking about lobbying for abortion as a method for birth control. Exempted explicitly, unlike what she said earlier, are rape, incest and life-of-the-mother provision.  I hope she will correct the record. It is clearly false.  