Mr. Speaker, as a cosponsor of H.R. 180, The Darfur Accountability and Divestment Act, I am pleased to see this bill brought before the full House and I urge all our colleagues to vote for its final passage.  The Darfur Accountability and Divestment Act is an important part of our ongoing efforts here in Congress to influence, pressure and alter the conduct of the Sudanese regime, the government complicit in the genocide being perpetrated and abetted in Darfur. The deaths of 450,000 innocent women, men and children and the displacement of 2 million others demand nothing less.  H.R. 180 comes amidst recent reports of additional population displacements of about 12,000 households in West Darfur. Those who are fleeing express fears of attacks by Sudanese government forces in addition to general insecurity in that area.  Despite the Sudanese government's announcement that it will accept a proposed hybrid UN-African Union peacekeeping operation in Darfur, it will take far more action on the part of the Bashir regime to convince me--and I am certain my other colleagues here in the House as well--that it is finally succumbing to the world's outcry for peace. Withdrawing American investments, both public and private, from Sudan will help to ensure that we get that government's attention.  On August 1, 2005, my home State of New Jersey became the first State to divest from Sudan. Earlier that year, Representative Don Payne and I had sent a joint letter to State leaders encouraging this action. Our NJ law directs the State Treasury to divest State pension funds from foreign companies doing business with Sudan until the Sudanese government stops the genocide that is ravaging that country. Eighteen other States have since followed New Jersey's lead and have adopted divestment policies.  Mr. Speaker, as the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Human Rights and International Operations, I advocated forcefully for divestment provisions in the Darfur Peace and Accountability Act of 2006. Unfortunately, the Senate removed those provisions prior to final passage of the bill. I am pleased that H.R. 180 revisits the divestiture issue and builds on those initial efforts in several important ways.  H.R. 180 requires that the Secretary of the Treasury publish every six months a list of companies that have a direct investment or are conducting business operations in Sudan's power, mineral, oil or military equipment industries. The bill excludes several important categories of companies, including those that are dealing directly with the government of southern Sudan or that are helping the marginalized populations.  Companies that are on the Treasury list will not be able to enter into or renew contracts with the United States Government. State and local governments may also authorize prohibitions for those governments to enter into or renew contracts with these companies. Thebill further authorizes State and local governments to divest based either on this list created by the Treasury or on a list that they create on their own, without risking a lawsuit by doing so.  Perhaps most importantly, H.R. 180 provides a safe harbor for mutual and pension funds by allowing them to divest from companies on the Treasury list without risk of a lawsuit alleging that they are failing to invest in a manner that brings about the highest yield. All of these measures will provide the practical and legal foundation for our country to do what is in our national tradition--to place the dignity of the human person and the well-being of our brothers and sisters, regardless of where they live or their national or ethnic identity, above financial and commercial interests.  Promoting fundamental human rights and removing financial support from those who subsidize an abusive regime in Darfur is clearly in the best interests of the Sudanese people as well as our U.S. foreign policy. I urge my colleagues to support The Darfur Accountability and Divestment Act.  