Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), for holding this special order and paying tribute to our friend, our colleague, and our brother, Bruce Vento.  Madam Speaker, I came to the Congress in 1987 when I first met Bruce Vento. I was more than lucky but really truly blessed to serve on the old Interior Committee with Bruce. Bruce was our Chair, the Chair of the Subcommittee on National Parks and Public Lands; and it was a delight and wonderful to serve with this wonderful, gifted, talented human being.  He loved America. He loved open space, the land. He wanted to do as much as possible to preserve some of this beauty and leave it a little cleaner for future generations.  I had an opportunity to travel with Bruce on one occasion, I will never forget, for a hearing we held in Minnesota at the State Capitol, dealing with protecting the Mississippi. While I was there, I am not sure whether it was on a Monday or a Tuesday, but it was a Taste of Minnesota Day. Bruce took me out of the State Capitol, and the members of the subcommittee. We went out on the grounds and we tasted all of this wonderful food that Bruce introduced me to.  He was very delightful in introducing a poor guy who grew up in Alabama, now living in Georgia, to this very special and wonderful food in Minnesota.  I had an opportunity to invite Bruce to come to Atlanta, and he came to Georgia. We held a hearing on the Martin Luther King Historic Site, and I would say today if it had not been for our friend and colleague, Bruce Vento, neither the Martin Luther King Historic Site in Atlanta, nor the historic trail, Highway 80 from Selma to Montgomery, would be in existence.  Bruce never gave up. He had a vision of making America better, saving the land, saving the forests; and I truly believe when historians pick up their pens and write about this period in our history they will have to say this man, our colleague, our friend, Bruce Vento, made a difference.  So on behalf of myself and my wife, Lillian, that Bruce would ask me about from time to time, how is Lillian, I want to say to Bruce's family, his wife and children, you have our sympathy. You will be kept in our prayers; and we will never, ever forget the likeness of this one giant among us. He will be deeply missed.  