Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop), for yielding and for bringing to the attention of this body and to our Nation the life and times of C.B. King.  C.B. King possessed a gifted legal mind. He was an amazing member of the bar. C.B. King combined a flare for words with the unique ability to talk to people from all walks of life. He could give simple legal advice to a poor client and a minute later force a judge to dust off his dictionary. Along with other lawyers in his staff like Fred Gray of Montgomery, Arthur Shores and Peter Hall of Birmingham, and Jack Young of Jackson, Mississippi, C.B. King used his gift to bring about a nonviolent revolution under the rule of law.  In the struggle for civil rights, even the shield of law was often not enough. Despite intimidation and the attacks, C.B. King refused to retreat from his principles. When a cane-swinging Albany sheriff split his head open for showing up at the local jail to meet a client, C.B. King refused to back down. When his pregnant sister-in-law lost her child after being slapped and kicked by police during a protest in South Georgia, C.B. King refused to back down; and when his brother Preston King was forced to flee the country rather than be unjustly imprisoned, C.B. King refused to back down.  C.B. King came by his resolve honestly. He often compared his father's determination to that of Hannibal, the general who led his troops on elephants across the Alps. Like his father, C.B. was driven and he paid little mind to long odds.  In 1970, I recall C.B. King became the first black person since reconstruction to run for governor of Georgia. I had the great honor of hosting a fund-raiser for him that summer in the backyard of my home. C.B. King did not win the governor's office but he did win hundreds and thousands of followers and friends, and C.B. King understood that one had to plow the field before they planted the crop.  C.B. King plowed that field and the seeds of change were sown in his wake. Today I stand as a Member of Congress with my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop), as a living legacy to his struggle. I owe him a great deal of gratitude. I think we all do. So tonight I must thank my colleague, my friend and my brother, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop), for offering the legislation to name a courthouse in honor of C.B. King.  C.B. King would be very proud of the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop) and the way he represents the good people of South Georgia. So it is fitting that the gentleman leads the effort to honor this legend of the Georgia bar, this humane and good man that helped to make our Nation a different place, a better place. I can think of no better tribute than to name a courthouse in C.B. King's honor.  The mention of C.B. King's name once prompted an undertaker who was busy burying one of C.B.'s brother to pause, look down at C.B. King's simple headstone and a family plot and say, He was something else.  I have to admit I could never have said it any better because he was something else.  I thank my friend, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop), for holding this special order.  