Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  It is with profound sadness that I rise today to offer a resolution of condolences on the passing of Senator Paul Coverdell. Paul Coverdell was the senior Senator from the State of Georgia and, more importantly, he was a dear friend.  It is with deep sadness that we say good-bye to our good friend, our colleague and our brother, Paul Coverdell. Paul Coverdell's unexpected death is so sad and so hard. I have known him for many years, almost 30 years. As young men, we both campaigned for an open congressional seat in 1977. Later, we both came here to Washington to represent the people of Georgia.  Over the years, we shared many rides together back and forth to Washington. We would often see each other here and in Georgia, and we spent a lot of time talking about life and about what is good for the people of Georgia and for the people of our Nation.  Paul was not just another colleague. He was like family to me and to so many of our colleagues. His passing, his death, hurts. It is painful. It is more than sad. We have not just lost a friend, but we have lost a member of our family.  Paul Coverdell's intelligence, commitment, ethics and leadership stood out. He was a friendly, peaceful man. He cared for his colleagues, his friends, the people who elected him, and even people he did not know. He was wonderful to work with, to be with, to travel with. He was good to be around. A wonderful man. One of the good guys. He was my friend, Mr. Speaker. He was my brother.  We occupied different sides of the aisle, and we did not always agree, but always had the utmost respect and admiration for this man. For three decades, as a Georgia lawmaker, Peace Corps director, United States Senator, Paul Coverdell was a man who could be trusted to get the job done. He focused on the war on drugs, worked to improve education, and fought for the farmers and small business people of Georgia. He was always prepared to help out and take on any task that was required.  But Paul Coverdell never sought out the limelight. He never sought the headline. He would never grandstand. He worked hard behind the scenes without seeking any recognition. In today's political climate, Paul Coverdell was an unusual and extraordinary man who will be forever missed from among our midst.  When Paul was director of the Peace Corps, he would come in to see me from time to time after he had just come back from a trip abroad. He was so enthused about what he saw and what the Peace Corps was doing, whether in Africa, Eastern Europe, Asia, Central America or South America, that his enthusiasm rubbed off on me during those meetings. I looked forward to talking with him and working with him on those concerns. He wanted to help people meet their basic needs, food, water, shelter, and he wanted to stop them from having to struggle. I admired his commitment and his work with the Peace Corps. Paul Coverdell will be remembered not just as a citizen of Georgia, an American, but as a citizen of the world.  Mr. Speaker, his death is a tremendous loss for the members of the Georgia delegation, for the people of Georgia, and a personal loss for me. We are all very sad, not just the people of Georgia, but all of his colleagues in the Senate and in the House. He will be deeply missed.  My heart and prayers go out to Paul's wife, Nancy, to the other members of the Coverdell family, and his staff here in Washington and in Georgia.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Linder), a member of our delegation from the State of Georgia.  