Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Strickland), my good friend, for yielding me the time and for all of his help. I also want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood), my colleague and my friend, for all of his help to bring this bill before us tonight.  Mr. Speaker, I, along with the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Watts), the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson), the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Jackson) introduced H.R. 3250, the House companion bill to S. 1880.  H.R. 3250 passed out of the Committee on Commerce on July the 26.  As one of the original authors of H.R. 3250, I want to take this opportunity to thank my colleagues tonight on both sides of the aisle for their dedication and hard work to pass H.R. 3250 and S. 1880.  Over the past few decades, we have made great advances as a Nation in science and medicine. However, all of our citizens have not shared in the benefits of these advances. Minority Americans lag behind the rest of the country on nearly every health indicator, including health care coverage, access to care, life expectancy and disease rates.  Some striking examples include the African-American infant mortality rate, which is twice that all of U.S. infants; and nearly twice as many Hispanic adults report they do not have a regular doctor compared to white adults. However, health disparities are not limited to minority communities. Nearly 20 million white Americans live below the poverty line and many live in rural areas where high rates of poverty contribute to health disparity outcomes.  In the Appalachian regions of Kentucky, Tennessee and West Virginia, the rates of the five top causes of death in the United States all exceeded the national average in 1997. Mr. Speaker, we have a moral obligation, a duty and responsibility to find effective ways to eliminate these health disparities. Equal access to health care is not a privilege, it is a fundamental right. That is why S. 1880 is a good bill.  This legislation will take the necessary step to bridge the health disparity gap. The Minority Health and Health Disparities Research and Education Act is a comprehensive approach to addressing the complex set of factors which surround health disparity.  Mr. Speaker, let me close by saying the last century saw our Nation make great strides. We passed laws to address that right, like equal opportunity in employment, education and housing. We also passed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964. However, until now, our country has not given health care the same attention.  We must focus our attention on bridging the health disparity gap.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote to pass S. 1880, the Minority Health and Health Disparities Research and Education Act.  