Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Watt), for yielding to me.  It is with deep sadness that I stand here tonight to pay tribute to our colleague and friend, Julian Dixon. It is so painful and it is so very hard and difficult. This country has lost a true friend. The State of California has lost a friend. The city of Washington, the Nation's capital, has lost a true friend.  Julian was not just another colleague. He was more than the representative of the 32nd Congressional District of California; he was more than a member of the Congressional Black Caucus; more than a member of the House Committee on Appropriations and the ranking member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. He was like family to me and to many of us here in the Congress.  Julian was a wonderful and kind man. He was a gentleman. Many times in this body we refer to each other as being honorable. This man, this good man, was honorable. He had the ability to calm troubled waters. He had a way of soothing hurt feelings. He was an effective Member of this body who could get things done on both sides of the aisle by mending broken bridges. This man we salute and honor tonight was a builder of bridges, a builder of bridges of understanding and bridges of compassion. Julian Dixon was a voice of sanity in the midst of confusion.  Mr. Speaker, as I said before, it is so hard to believe that Julian Dixon is gone; that he will not be here voting with us any more. I do believe that his free spirit, his kindness and his good nature, will always remain in our hearts, in our minds, and in this very Chamber. Julian cared for his colleagues, his friends, the people who elected him, and even the people he did not know.  As I said, he loved this city, the State of California, and this Nation. He was wonderful to work with. He never sought the limelight. He just did his work. He was just good to be around. He was a dear friend and he was my brother.  Mr. Speaker, for this Member, it is still shocking; a sense of disbelief. It is so unreal and yet it is so painful. We have lost a member of our family. It does not matter whether we are Democrats, Republicans, or Independents. It does not matter whether we are black or white, Asian or Hispanic. We are family. We are one family. We are going to miss Julian.  Mr. Speaker, I want to close by saying to Bettye, Julian's beloved wife, that we will keep you and your family in our prayers. Thank you, Bettye, for sharing Julian with California, with all of us, with the American people and the rest of the world. He will be deeply missed.  And Julian, I say to you, Sweet prince, take your rest.  