 I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose it. Some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle frequently complain about how we spend our time on the Senate floor. Today, I have to say I am disappointed that we are being forced to spend valuable time on this issue.  Middle-class families across America are continuing to struggle in this very tough economy, and it is hard to understand why Senate Republicans want to spend time attacking an agency's mission to protect workers and employers and is critical to protecting access to the middle class for workers and families.  Thankfully, as we all know, our economy seems to be stepping back from the precipice. But for so many workers today paychecks still have not caught up, benefits continue to slip away, hours are getting cut, and job security is eroding. That is why I was very glad that at the end of last year, the NLRB voted to adopt modest commonsense rules that would make it easier for workers to fight for fair treatment in the workplace and help bring NLRB into the 21st century.  These new rules aren't going to solve every problem, but they are a step in the right direction and will help workers and families across the country. The new NLRB rules will strengthen and streamline the voting process by reducing unnecessary litigation and intentional delays. It will streamline pre- and postelection procedures, and it will facilitate the use of electronic communications and document filing. Those are all commonsense steps that should not be controversial.  I am extremely disappointed that Senate Republicans want to now eliminate these rules and roll back the clock on worker protections. The resolution we are going to vote on would eliminate steps to standardize and add transparency to the employee election process. It would eliminate steps that reduce frivolous litigation and create a more cohesive and productive workplace for workers and businesses. It will fundamentally weaken NLRB processes and procedures that workers and businesses rely on when they are trying to settle disputes.  It is bad for business, bad for working families, and it should not pass. Workers across this country deserve a fair process in the workplace. The NLRB rule this resolution would eliminate removes some of the unfair and unnecessary roadblocks so many workers face every day. I have to say that while we are discussing this issue, I want to express my disappointment and anger at the recent report from the inspector general about improper and politicized activities by a current Republican member of the NLRB board, an individual who previously worked for another board member who is a former staffer for a Republican Member of the Senate. That report details multiple instances of ethics misconduct, including the sharing of confidential information with outside parties. I am hopeful that issue will be fully investigated. I am deeply worried about the actions some people will take to undermine an agency with a mission to protect the rights of workers and employers. And honestly, I find it to be a sad statement about the nature of our politics today, because the NLRB is doing a lot of good work for workers in America and it shouldn't be tarnished with this sort of ethics issue.  This agency has borne the brunt of political attacks over the last year from special interest groups and elected officials trying to score political points at the expense of workers and families. Many of these attacks have been inaccurate; many have been unfair. Some have used the case involving Boeing and workers in my home Stateof Washington to weaken the agency, even while the NLRB work is what allowed the two sides to come together and find a solution to that challenge. So I think this is wrong and these attacks should end.  The NLRB election rules are modest, they are commonsense steps toward a fairer system for workers and businesses and will help us move toward a system that works for everyone, and they will help make sure our workers can simply exercise their rights to bargain for fair wages, for benefits and equitable treatment under the law. That is what our workers expect, it is what they deserve, and it is what the NLRB is working to deliver.  Once again, I urge our colleagues to vote against that resolution of disapproval. It is the wrong way to go for workers. It is the wrong way to go for businesses and for the middle class.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  