  I was very proud to be here with the Senator from California back in 1994 when we first passed the Violence Against Women Act, or VAWA, as we call it. We created a national strategy for dealing with domestic violence, and since we took that first historic step, VAWA has been a great success in coordinating victims' advocates, social service providers, and law enforcement professionals to meet the immediate challenges of combating domestic violence.  This law has helped provide lifesaving assistance to hundreds of thousands of women and their families. It has been supported by Democrats and Republicans, along with law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judges, victim service providers, faith leaders, health care professionals, advocates, and survivors. VAWA has attained such broad support for one reason: It has worked. Since it became law 18 years ago, domestic violence has decreased by 53 percent. And while incidents have gone down, reporting of violence and abuse has gone up. More victims are finally coming forward and more women and families are getting the support and the care they need to move themselves out of dangerous situations. As a result of the language in this law, every single State has made stalking a crime. They have all strengthened criminal rape statutes.  We have made a lot of progress since 1994, but we still have a long way to go. Every single minute, 24 people across America are victims of violence by intimate partners--more than 12 million people a year--and 45 percent of the women killed in this country die at the hands of their partner. In 1 day last year, victims of domestic violence made more than 10,000 requests for support and services that could not be met because the programs did not have the resources.  That is why I was so proud to cosponsor and strongly support the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, and that is why I join my colleagues today in proudly expressing our hope that we can move this critical legislation when possible. This is a bipartisan bill which will advance our efforts to combat domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assaults, and stalking. It will give our law enforcement agencies the support they need to enforce and prosecute these crimes. It will give communities and nonprofits the much needed resources to support victims of violence and, most important, to keep working to stop violence before it ever starts.  This bill was put forward in a bipartisan fashion. It is supported by hundreds of national and local organizations that deal with this issue every day. It consolidates programs to reduce administrative costs. It adds accountability to make sure tax money is well spent. It is building on what works in the current law, improves what does not, and will help our country continue on the path of reducing violence toward women.  It should not be controversial. We reauthorized this law last time here in the Senate unanimously by voice vote, and President Bush signed it into lawwith Democrats standing there with him. So I am hopeful that the bipartisanship approach to this issue continues today as we work to reauthorize this law once again because this should not be about politics. Protecting women against violence should not be a partisan issue.  I thank the Democrats and Republicans who worked together to write this bill. I am very glad it passed through committee. I stand ready to support this bill when it comes to the floor, and I truly hope we can get it to President Obama for his signature in a timely fashion so women and families across this country can get the resources and support this law will deliver.  Finally, many of us women have come to the floor so many times over the last few weeks to fight back against attempts to turn back the clock when it comes to women's health care, as the Senator from California just talked about. I am disappointed that these issues keep coming up, but I know I stand with millions of men and women across America who remain ready to defend the gains we have made over the last 50 years and who think we should be moving forward, protecting and supporting more women and families, and not moving backward. That is what this bill does.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Klobuchar). The Senator from North Carolina.  