  Today the women of the Senate and the men who support the Violence Against Women Act are on the Senate floor to give Speaker Boehner and the Republicans another chance to do what is right. It is another chance to stop the delay. It is another chance to provide peace of mind to 30 million women whose protections are at risk, and it is another chance to pass the inclusive, bipartisan Senate, Violence Against Women Act bill.  The bipartisan Senate bill passed almost 100 days ago by a vote of 68 to 31. Fifteen of our Republican colleagues on the floor--I will repeat that--15 Republicans joined us that day, and they did so because they know the history of this bill. They know every time the Violence Against Women Act has been reauthorized, it has consistently included bipartisan provisions to address the women who have not been protected. They know domestic violence protections for all women should not be a Democratic or Republican issue.  But here we are back on the Senate floor urging support today for a bill that should not be controversial. Just as we did last week, just as we are doing today, and just as we will do in the coming weeks, we will be making sure this message resonates loudly and clearly both in Washington, DC, and back home in our States because we are not going to back down--not while there are thousands of women in the country who are excluded from the current law.  The numbers are staggering. One in three Native Americans will be raped in their lifetime. Two in five of them are victims of domestic violence, and they are killed at 10 times the rate of the national average.  Those shocking statistics are not just isolated to one group of women; 25 to 35 percent in the LGBT community experience domestic violence in their relationships. Three in four abused immigrant women never entered the process to obtain legal status, even though they are eligible. Why? Because their abuser husbands never filed their paperwork.  This should make it perfectly clear to our colleagues in the other Chamber that their current inaction has a real impact on the lives of women across America affected by violence. Where a person lives, their immigration status, or who they love should not determine whether perpetrators of domestic violence are brought to justice.  Last week, the New York Times ran an editorial on this bill that gets to the heart of where we are. It began by saying:       House Republicans have to decide which is more important:      protecting victims of domestic violence or advancing the      harsh antigay and anti-immigrant sentiments of some of their      party's far right. At the moment, harshness is winning.  The editorial also made the point that it doesn't have to be this way. It pointed out:       In May, fifteen Senate Republicans joined with the      chamber's Democratic majority to approve a strong      reauthorization bill.  It ended with what we all know it will take to move this bill forward: leadership from Congressman Boehner. The effort that was started in the Senate last week--an effort that will continue for as long as it takes--is a call for the very same--leadership.  It is time for Speaker Boehner to look beyond ideology and partisan politics. It is time for him to look at the history of a bill that again and again has been supported and expanded by Republicans and Democrats and end the delay because, frankly, it is taking a toll.  Every moment the House continues to delay is another moment that 30 million vulnerable women are without the protections they deserve in this country.  The women this bill protects have seen their lives destroyed by the cowardice of those who claimed to care for them. We have a chance now to stand for them where others have not. But the only way we can help protect these women is to prove that we as a nation have the courage to do so--the courage to show them that discrimination has no place in our domestic violence laws. To do that, we need to pass the Senate's inclusive, bipartisan Violence Against Women Act.  