 President, I come to the floor to pay tribute to an American hero, a great Senator, an amazing man, and a dear friend, Senator Danny Inouye.  Senator Inouye dedicated his life to public service, and through his hard and faithful work, he has left his Nation and the State that he loved so dearly far better in so many ways.  We will all hear a lot in the days ahead about the barriers Danny broke down during the course of his life. We will hear about his service in times of war and in peace, about his heroism, about his love for his family and State and country. We will hear about the admiration and respect he earned from so many of us here in the Senate, on both sides of the aisle, over the course of a long and very historic career.  What I want to focus on for a minute today is the Danny Inouye who has been there for me as friend and mentor for the past 20 years, who has been a shining light in this Chamber and has set an example for all of us who measure our work not simply in words but in actions.  Senator Inouye was certainly not the loudest Member of this Chamber. He was certainly not the most verbose. He was not a Senator who spent his time making long-winded speeches. But through his quiet resolve, his understated strength, and his commitment to do the right thing no matter what, he was able to accomplish so much.  Senator Inouye led the Appropriations Committee through difficult times with grace and incredible effectiveness. The partisan rancor that too often dominates this city was unacceptable to him, and he made that clear to all of us. Danny's focus was on people, on the infrastructure on which they depended in their communities, on the most vulnerable, on our military families, and on the State of Hawaii, for if Danny Inouye was a giant here in the Senate, he was a mountain back home. Hawaii would not be Hawaii without Danny Inouye. He fought for his State. He would not allow it to be ignored, and he made it a better place to live and work for generations to come.  As the Senator of another State far from Washington, DC, I learned a lot from Senator Inouye about how to advocate for the people who elect you and how to make sure they never get lost in the mix. Through his quiet and shining example, we all learned a bit more about bipartisanship.  I so remember Danny huddling here on the floor, working closely with his good friend Senator Stevens from Alaska. We all learned a bit more about effectiveness. He knew how to get things done, more than anyone I have seen before or since. We all learned a bit more about humanity.  You would never hear Danny talk about himself. We all learned a bit more about respect, about kindness toward all, not just those who agree with you.  Danny helped us all remember every single day why he came here in the first place. I cannot tell you how many times Danny would stand his ground on issues that others would have given up on, simply because he knew the impact it would have on real people. He knew this was about so much more than politics or legislative games; it was about helping people and solving their problems and delivering for our communities and our Nation.  Danny Inouye impressed me every day for 20 years, but nothing impressed me more than his love and commitment to his family. I just got off the phone a few minutes ago with his wife Irene and expressed my condolences. She is such a gracious lady.  Danny will be missed terribly, but he has left so much for us to remember him by: his legislative achievements, of course, the roads that would not have been built had he not been here, the military bases that wouldn't have existed had he not fought so hard for them, the ports and bridges and trains that would have been less safe had he not been there to move legislation that strengthened them--so much more. But Danny will be remembered far beyond his many tangible achievements. He will live on through the values he embodied and spread; through the principles he stood for and shared; through his family, who loved him dearly; through the people who will never forget his advocacy; through the country he sacrificed so much for; and of course through all of us who are forever better simply for having served with the greatest Senator of all, Senator Dan Inouye.  I yield the floor.  