 I know he is going to speak in just a few minutes, but I know he has spent a great deal of time traveling around his State and listening to these women and he knows personally from their stories how important it is that we cannot continue to delay this bill over something called a blue slip. It is not about a blue slip. It is about doing what is right.  We have overcome the blue slip issue time and time again for issues such as FAA and Transportation bills and many other pieces of legislation because it is the will of the body to do so. So to tell a woman in Oregon or Washington State that this bill can't happen because of a blue slip is ridiculous. They have been told they can't get help for a lot tougher reasons. Let's not let a blue slip be what comes between them and the support they need.  In fact, I say to my colleague from Oregon and all of my colleagues that on Tuesday the New York Times ran an editorial that gets to the heart of it. They said:       House Republicans have to decide which is more important:      Protecting victims of domestic violence or advancing the      harsh antigay and anti-immigrant sentiments of some on their      party's far right. At the moment, harshness is winning.  The editorial also echoed our sentiments that it does not have to be this way. It pointed out:       In May, 15 Senate Republicans joined with the chamber's      Democratic majority to approve a strong reauthorization bill.  It ends with what we all know it will take to move this legislation forward: leadership from Congressman Boehner. So today we are on the Senate floor to make this effort and to call for the same thing: leadership.  It is time for Speaker Boehner to look past ideology and partisan politics. It is time for him to hear the stories of women across America who have not had the protection of this bill and to make a major step forward which will assure that a woman, no matter where she lives or who she is, will have the protections this great country can offer.  So I thank my colleague from Oregon for his real passion and understanding on this issue and for taking the time to hear from women and men who have been impacted.  I yield the floor.  