 President, it is a shame it has taken so long to get to this point, but I am very glad to see we are close to having this body move forward on this legislation.  The Violence Against Women Act has helped provide lifesaving assistance to hundreds and thousands of women and families, and it was certainly a no-brainer to make sure that all women had access to that assistance. I was proud to have been here serving in the Senate in 1994 when we first passed VAWA. Along with its bipartisan support, it received praise from law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judges, victims, service providers, faith leaders, health professionals, advocates, and survivors. It obtained that broad support because it has worked.  Since it became law 18 years ago, domestic violence has decreased by 53 percent. We have made a lot of progress since 1994, and I am glad we are continuing on that path today on behalf of all women. In fact, Deborah, is here with us today.  Deborah is the Vice Chairwoman of the Tulalip Tribe in my home State of Washington.  Yesterday she joined Senators Boxer, Klobuchar and me to tell her emotional story about the devastating effects violence can have on women--especially Native women.  Deborah was repeatedly abused, starting at a very young age, by a non-tribal man who lived on her reservation. Not until after the abuse stopped around the 4th grade did Deborah realize she wasn't the only child suffering at the hands of her assailant--at least a dozen other young girls had fallen victim to this man.  This is a man who was never arrested for these crimes; never brought to justice; and still walks free today. All because he committed these heinous acts on the reservation--and as someone who is not a member of a tribe, it is an unfortunate reality that he is unlikely to be held liable for his crimes.  The debate we had over the provisions in this legislation was a matter of fairness.  Deborah's experience--and the experience of the other victims of this man--does not represent an isolated incident.  In fact 34 percent of Native Women will be raped; 39 percent of Native Women will be subjected to domestic violence; and 56 percent of Native Women will marry a non-Indian who most likely would not be held liable for any violent crimes committed if these protections hadn't been included in this legislation.  Where people live and who they marry should not determine whether or not perpetrators of domestic violence are brought to justice.  With this bill today, we are taking a major step to uphold our government's promise to protect its citizens.  This bill builds on what works in the current law, improves what doesn't, and it continues on the path of reducing violence toward women.  It certainly should not have been controversial.  It is time for us to come together and support this bill so women and families across America can get the resources and support they need.  I particularly want to thank the courageous work of this wonderful tribal woman to help explain to all of us why the bill we have put before the Senate is so critical today.  I yield the floor.  