 President, I thank the Senator from Arizona for allowing me to speak about an amendment we are going to be voting on at 2 o'clock. I wish to express my concerns with provisions in the Defense authorization bill that we are currently considering that would limit the Department of Defense in investing in alternative fuels.  This underlying bill is a very important piece of legislation. I have always supported it to make sure our military has the equipment and resources and effective policies it needs to perform its mission. But I can't support the inclusion of provisions that would severely limit the Department's ability to use alternative fuels. I strongly believe those limitations will cause lasting harm to our national security and our military readiness and our efforts to decrease American dependence on foreign oil. That is why we are considering an amendment that I cosponsored that will strike one of those troubling provisions in section 313 of the committee-passed bill.  As many of our colleagues are aware, DOD is the single largest consumer of oil in the world, using over 355,000 barrels of oil per day in fiscal year 2011. Even though we have increased the domestic supply of traditional fossil fuels here in the United States, the price of oil is still set on the global market. That means that DOD's fuel bill was significantly more than it had budgeted for, mostly, of course, due to the price of fuel being higher than expected. In fact, in fiscal year 2012, the Navy alone was $500 million over its budget for fuel, and that is just one of our services. So what does that mean? It means our military leaders have had to pull billions of dollars from operational accounts in recent years, which has led to decreased unit readiness, deferred maintenance on some of their critical equipment, and less training for our troops preparing for deployment into harm's way. Conveniently, critics of biofuels leave out these very real threats when they insist on the kinds of harmful policies the amendment we are offering addresses.  It is true that alternative fuels will not replace fossil fuels in the immediate future, but it is also true that replacing even a fraction of the oil consumed by the Department of Defense with domestic alternative fuels will advance our national security and our military readiness, it will save many millions of dollars, and it will protect the Department from the price volatility of the global oil market and spur a domestic industry that will decrease our dependence on foreign oil.  Some of our colleagues have said this is all about the cost of alternative fuel, and they will likely use some misleading figures attributed to a trainingexercise that actually, by the way, ended up proving these types of fuels work seamlessly. But the truth is that the cost of biofuels has decreased by over 50 percent in the last 2 years alone. The truth is that the test fuel purchase they like to mention was only 0.3 percent of the Navy's annual fuel bill. And the truth is that those concerns over costs don't take into account the very real and very high price of inaction and continued dependence on oil.  I mentioned earlier that the Department uses 355,000 barrels of oil every day. The Department estimates that for every 25-cent increase in the price per gallon of oil, it will spend over $1 billion in additional fuel costs. Given the high price of oil and gas, that is not a bet I want to make long term.  We are facing difficult fiscal times, as everyone here knows, and the Department of Defense, like the rest of the Federal Government, has to make sure it is responsibly spending taxpayer dollars--today and tomorrow. The Department's efforts to develop alternative fuels is in keeping with the best traditions of military technology development programs.  In the past, programs have brought us products that have benefited both DOD and the civilian users, such as GPS or jet engines, microwave ovens, and cell phones. Our Navy pioneered the transition from sails to coal, from coal to oil, and from oil to nuclear power. I know we can make the next leap to alternative fuels--and we need to.  Our Nation's reliance on foreign oil is a significant and well-recognized military vulnerability. Our military leaders are telling us the ability to use fuels other than petroleum is critical to our national energy security. The Department is strongly opposed to the language limiting its flexibility in the committee-passed bill, and DOD supports our amendment.  I urge our colleagues to join us and support the amendment we will be voting on shortly and strike this troubling provision.  I yield the floor.  