 President, the amendment that is pending in front of us is to improve the mental health and suicide prevention services. It is language that is derived from our Mental Health ACCESS Act, which was unanimously approved by the Veterans' Affairs Committee.  This amendment is critical legislation that improves how DOD and VA provide mental health care. I think everyone in this body knows about it and is distressed by the alarming rate of suicide and mental health problems in our military and veterans populations.  We know our servicemembers and veterans have faced unprecedented challenges, multiple deployments, difficulty finding a job here at home, isolation in their communities, and some have faced very tough times reintegrating into family life with loved ones trying to relate but not knowing how. These are the challenges our servicemembers and veterans know all too well. But even today as they turn to us for help, we are losing the battle.  Time and again we have lost servicemembers and veterans to suicide. While the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs have taken very important steps toward addressing this crisis, we know more does need to be done. We know any solution depends on reducing wait times and improving access to mental health care. We know they need to have the proper diagnosis, and we know we need to achieve true coordination of care and information between the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs.  What this amendment does is require a comprehensive, standardized, suicide prevention program across the Department of Defense. It requires the use of best medical practices in suicide prevention and behavioral health programs to address some serious gaps that exist in the current programs, and this amendment expands eligibility for VA mental health services to family members of our veterans. This amendment would also give servicemembers an opportunity to serve as peer counselors to fellow Iraq and Afghanistan veterans and create a quality assurance program for the historically troubled disability evaluation system.  It would require the VA to offer peer support services at all medical centers and create opportunities to train more veterans to provide these needed peer services. It will require the VA to establish accurate and reliable measures for mental health services.  We must have an effective suicide prevention program in place. It is often only on the brink of crisis that a servicemember or a veteran seeks care. If they are told, sorry, we are too busy to help you, we have lost the opportunity to help them. To me and to all of us here, that is not acceptable.  I wish to thank Senator Levin and Senator McCain for their work on this Defense authorization bill and for their help in bringing this amendment to the floor today. I believe there are no objections to this amendment, and I hope we can move it as quickly as possible.  I would ask unanimous consent to add Senator Baucus as an original cosponsor.  