 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6045, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 2008. I am a very proud sponsor of this legislation.  At the outset, I want to express my heartfelt gratification and thanks to my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) for his lead in cosponsorship of H.R. 6045. Mr. LoBiondo and I have been partners in this endeavor since 1997.  I would also like to thank the Committee on the Judiciary chairman, Mr. Conyers, as well as Mr. Cannon, Ranking Member Lamar Smith, chairman of the subcommittee Bobby Scott, and subcommittee Ranking Member Louie Gohmert for their strong support and efforts on behalf of this important legislation.  Finally, I would like to thank the 170 bipartisan cosponsors of this measure and the law enforcement organizations that have expressed their strong support.  If I could take a step back, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act was introduced in November 1997 after meeting with Northwest Indiana chiefs of police and hearing that many gang members and drug dealers had the protection of bulletproof vests, while many police officers did not. I was even more troubled to learn the reason why so many officers do not have access to bulletproof vests. It was because they are prohibitively expensive. A good vest can cost in excess of $500. Many small departments, as well as larger ones, simply cannot afford to purchase vests for all of their officers, a fact that sometimes forces officers to purchase their own.  Our original legislation was signed into law by President Clinton in June of 1998, and as you know, the purpose of the act is to protect the lives of law enforcement officers by helping State and local government equip them with bulletproof vests. Bulletproof vests and body armor have saved thousands of lives since the introduction of the modern material; however, they cannot protect the lives of those who do not have access to them.  The Fraternal Order of Police have stated that ``body armor is one of the most important pieces of equipment an officer can have and often mean the difference between life and death.''  The grant program has directly benefited every State and territory of the United States, and this critical program provides State and local and tribal law enforcement officers with needed protection by aiding the purchase of protective equipment.  In closing, I again want to thank my good friend Mr. LoBiondo for his strong leadership and work on this measure over the years and the police officers who risk their lives for us every day, all of us. They are the mothers and fathers, and they are the sons and daughters. It is our obligation to the officers and their families to give them access to the equipment that will safeguard their life.  Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues for their strong support of this measure.  