Chairman, I rise to engage the gentleman from Texas, my good friend Chairman Edwards, in a colloquy, and I would like to thank the chairman for agreeing to engage in this. I also want to thank Mr. Stupak for his continued support and dedication on the issue of steel safety, and look forward to working with both gentlemen on requiring that all iron and steel purchased by the Federal Government be made in the United States. This will keep Americans safe and help our country prosper.  Mr. Chairman, I understand that there is a provision in this measure that requires American steel producers, fabricators and manufacturers to have the opportunity to compete for steel funded through the Department of Defense under this act. While I am encouraged and grateful for this provision and believe that it is a critically important aspect for all government procurements, frankly, I do not believe it is enough.  China disobeys international trading rules, for example, and the playing field is not level. Therefore, it is not possible for our steel producers to compete fairly.  This last April, the Congressional Steel Caucus held a hearing on substandard steel from China. We learned from U.S. Customs and Border Protection about how our government does not have an established process to monitor the safety of steel imports. We also heard from representatives of the domestic steel industry about how some Chinese steel companies do not adhere to international standards and guidelines when they manufacture steel, and that the steel may be used in our military barracks, veterans hospitals, and other vital infrastructure.  I also would mention that this last October it was reported that substandard Chinese steel was used in the construction of a gymnasium at San Pedro High School in California, prompting the California Department of General Services to post an alert on defective Chinese steel tubing fabricated for school construction projects.  Last year, China had a major earthquake and we saw pictures of how their schools and hospitals survived. We cannot wait to take action on this issue until a hospital or school collapses in the United States. Does it cost too much to require the use of American steel if it saves lives? The government that we fund must set an example and make sure that the buildings we build use American steel that can stand the test of time.  When considering the construction of facilities that hospitalize, house and take care of our veterans, we owe them every possibility to ensure their health and safety. We owe them the requirement that safe American steel is used, and that is why Representative Stupak and I have raised this issue.  Again, I thank the chairman for engaging in this colloquy and for his good work on this bill.  