Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 1061, a measure that observes the 40th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and encourages the people of the United States topause and remember the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. This Friday, April 4, 2008, marks the tragic 40th anniversary of Dr. King's assassination. Dr. King's work for civil rights has remained an inspiration to all those committed to liberty and freedom throughout the world.  While April 4 marks a sad day in American history, it is my hope that, as a nation, we will continue to reflect on the actions and accomplishments of Dr. King. Let April 4th be a day on which we celebrate Dr. King's life, study his teachings, and honor his legacy.  Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was born on January 15, 1929, and grew up in Georgia, attending segregated schools throughout his early education. Overcoming these unjust beginnings, King went on to receive a Bachelor of Arts from Morehouse College in 1948, a Bachelor of Divinity from Pennsylvania's Crozer Theological Seminary in 1951, and a Ph.D. from Boston University in 1955 before becoming pastor at the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama.  Dr. King was actively involved in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and championed efforts for racial equality. In 1955, after Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat to a white man on a Montgomery bus, Dr. King led the historic Montgomery Bus Boycott, the first nonviolent demonstration of the Civil Rights Movement. There, his steadfast adherence to nonviolence and unwavering devotion to the struggle for equality in the face of threats to his life propelled him to the leadership of the Civil Rights Movement.  In 1957, Dr. King was elected President of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), where he drew inspiration from Christianity and the teachings of Ghandi to be a major leader in the Civil Rights Movement. In the ensuing decade, Dr. King was feverishly active in the struggle for racial equality, constantly traveling the country to orchestrate and participate in demonstrations and delivering the inspirational addresses for which he is renowned. In that time he also penned five books and many essays, consulted to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson, and became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Peace Prize. Unfortunately, Dr. King was assassinated on the evening of April 4, 1968, on the balcony of his motel room in Memphis, Tennessee, where he planned to lead a protest march to show solidarity with striking garbage workers the next day.  The nonviolent manner in which Dr. King fought for fundamental freedoms, such as desegregation and the right to vote, has had a lasting impact on the psyche of this country. Perhaps the greatest example of Dr. King's leadership and legacy is his ``I Have a Dream'' speech, which he gave in front of the Lincoln Memorial during the March on Washington in 1963. In that speech, Dr. King spoke about his dream for a nation where his four children would not be judged by the color of their skin, but by their character.  Mr. Speaker, Friday may be the anniversary of the death of one of our nation's greatest citizens, but I also hope it is a day on which we can reflect on the positive changes that were set in motion due to Dr. King's work. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. raised the conscience of America. He made our nation reexamine our commitment to freedom and liberty, and he did so with a message of peace and non-violence. To this day, Dr. King's work, message, and legacy remain imprinted on the minds of those who carry on his noble cause across America, from Montgomery, Alabama, to Northwest Indiana.  