 I am not going to take that long, only because I don't want the Senator to be left with no time to respond to what I think we will be hearing in the next 22 minutes. I want to make sure the Senator has adequate time.  Let me take a minute and say that I don't like the amendment but I don'tknow any other choice. I wish there were other choices out there.  We got involved in this. I am sure I can visualize what was happening when they made the decision to invade a sovereign nation, sitting around a table saying, we will send bombs out there for a couple of days and that will take care of him and everything will be fine.  That was not the plan. We heard the plan criticized by the very best people out there. I will be in the region again this weekend.  My concern, as I voiced several times, without a well laid out plan in a war we shouldn't be involved in--we have troops out there, as I said before, who are virtually naked and have no protection right now.  I am concerned about Albania and the threat to our lives there as much as I am crossing that line into Kosovo. Because right now there is no force protection over there.  As far as the pilots are concerned, I don't think there is a person in this U.S. Senate who has visited with the pilots more than I have, because as chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee I go around to all these places. I take journalists with me, frankly, so these people will realize why we are only retaining 19 percent of our Navy pilots, 27 percent of our Air Force pilots. It is not just the attractive economy on the outside. It is not just the fact our mechanics are overworked and they are not sure the spare parts are going to be there. As they said in one of the places, with witnesses there, our problem is we have lost our sense of mission. They are sending us in places without adequate training. With all the money we are spending in these contingency operations where we do not have strategic interests, it is draining us from our ability to properly train should we have to meet a contingency where our national strategic interests are at stake.  Our time that we are training these guys in red flag exercises in Nellis is cut way down; the National Training Center out in the desert, cutting down Twenty-nine Palms for the marines; they are not getting adequate training because we are busy deploying our troops in places where we do not have a national strategic interest. So I just look upon this as a way out. We have been looking for a way out of Bosnia since 1995. Now there is no end in sight there. I do not want to get ourselves in that position, so I see the only way out right now is what the Senator from New Hampshire is suggesting. I do support his amendment.  