President, I am pleased to have the opportunity to discuss my support for the Education Flexibility Partnership Act or Ed-Flex as it has become known. Ed-Flex provides much needed relief to the schools of 12 states currently included in a demonstration project begun in 1994. Like many of my colleagues, I believe it is time to give this relief to the other 38 states who suffer from government over-regulation.  In preparation for each new school year, teachers and school administrators throughout the country face the challenge of providing the highest level of education with a limited amount of resources. This has always been the case and will remain the true for generations to come. I know this from personal experience. My wife was an educator in the Tulsa Public School District for many years and both of my daughters are current teachers. In my conversations with them, I have seen first hand the problems associated with bureaucratic mandates handed down from Washington.  Let me give you an example of what I am talking about. Over the last three decades, the Federal Government has piled on mountains of bureaucratic redtape on local school districts. Between 1960 and 1990, the average percentage of school budgets devoted to classroom instruction declined from 61% in 1960 to 46% in 1990. The most significant reason for this decline is traced to the explosion of administrators and non-teaching support staff while the overall number of teachers has reduced. One primary reason for the growth in administrative personnel is the growth in regulations, both state and Federal.  Let me show you just one example of how this is evidenced in Oklahoma. In my hometown of Tulsa, the Tulsa Public Schools have approximately 42,600 students. In order to provide quality education to those 42,600 students, there are approximately 225 administrative staff employed by the Tulsa Public Schools system. Now, I realize that some of these are essential managerial and administrative staff, however, how many are doing nothing more than trying to keep Tulsa schools' in compliance with Federal regulations? How many of those staff could be better utilized in classrooms across the district instead of spending their time dedicated to paperwork? And, this is just one example of one public school system in my state. The problem is the same in every single school system.  Mr. President, it is clear, the more people and resources it requires to comply with government regulations, the fewer people and resources dedicated to teaching our children.  Each time we create a new Federal program, with it comes numerous forms and reports. The schools must understand, complete these forms and reports and submit to the appropriate departments within the appropriate agencies, by the appropriate deadlines. Whether schools use teachers and administrators, or support staff and volunteering parents, to fulfill this obligation, valuable time and resources are used for Washington's paperwork, not student education.  Let me illustrate this point further. Currently, the Federal Government provides approximately 7% of overall school funding. However, Federal paperwork accounts for upwards of 50% of all school paperwork. It is estimated that completing this paperwork requires about 49 million hours each year. Mr. President, that is the equivalent of 25,000 employees working full time for an entire year. According to one expert, it is estimated that it takes six times as many employees to administer a Federal education dollar as it does to administer one state education dollar. Again, these people are not teaching or educating our children, but completing bureaucratic red tape.  Earlier, I discussed the number of administrative positions in the Tulsa Public Schools; but the problem is more pronounced in the state as a whole. There are approximately 5,950 administrative and other certified staff performing non-teaching duties in Oklahoma. Those 5,590 people representabout 10% of the total public school personnel. That is 10% doing something other than teaching children. That concerns me greatly. I have to wonder whether we are using our resources in the best way possible to meet the educational needs of our children.  Now, some of my colleagues, and the President, believe that we need the Federal Government to hire an additional 100,000 teachers in order to reduce class size around the country. However, I have to wonder if that is really the answer to the problem. As I have just demonstrated, we have too many professional and certified staff in my state that are not educating children. Instead, they busy themselves attempting to comply with government regulations. If we can unburden school districts of cumbersome regulation, the local districts can shift some of their resources back to educating our children. If the Federal Government does require the states to hire additional teachers, it will simply be one more mandate handed down from Washington for the states to comply with once the dedicated Federal funds expire. You can be sure that if there are additional Federal mandates there will be additional non-teaching certified staff required to administer the program and that means another professional staff member not in the classroom teaching our children.  As the bureaucratic mandates from Washington have increased, states needed a way to gain some flexibility to address their individual concerns. Our answer to the states was the Education Flexibility Partnership Demonstration Act of 1994, an effort I was proud to support while I was in the House of Representatives. First authorized in 1994 for six states, and expanded in 1996 for six additional states, Ed-Flex has given 12 state legislatures the freedom to identify the most efficient and effective means possible to meet the needs of students and schools in their states. Under Ed-Flex, the Department of Education gives to states and local districts the authority to waive certain Federal requirements that interfere with state and local efforts to improve education. In exchange for this flexibility, the state and local districts must agree to comply with certain federal core principles and agree to waive its own state regulations. The states must also agree to use the affected federal funds for their original purpose.  Mr. President, I think it says something about the nature of our current bureaucracy that we have to give states the power to waive Federal regulations. If there were fewer onerous regulations in the first place, we would not have to pass legislation to give states the power to ignore federal regulations. Wouldn't it make more sense to let the states be responsible for the education of our children, not bureaucrats in Washington?  In my State of Oklahoma, we have great diversity in our education needs. We have schools of all kinds; urban schools, rural schools, inner city schools, and suburban schools. In my conversations with educators and administrators, I hear them tell unique stories about the challenges they face in trying to educate their students. All of these educators tell different stories. However, not surprisingly, almost to a person, they tell me of the problems they have in complying with government regulations. It does not come as a surprise to me that the education challenges presented at urban schools like Tulsa McClain High School differ widely from the needs of smaller rural schools like Weatherford High School. Yet, they all have to comply with the same Federal regulations. Given the failings of the public schools today, it is little surprise that the cookie-cutter approach of the Federal Government has been a disaster.  The time has come to move beyond a one-size-fits-all Federal approach in educating our children. As I look around our country, I see the great successes that our Governors are having in making progress in education reform. I am continually amazed at the policy innovations going on in State legislatures all over the country with regard to education. However, now, it is the Federal Government's responsibility to join with those Governors and give them more flexibility to continue to innovate and improve our public schools. I understand the need for accountability. However, I believe accountability is best when it closest to home and vested in Governors, State legislators, and local school board officials than with faceless Federal bureaucrats in Washington. State leaders understand this. That is why groups like the National Governor's Association and the National Conference of State Legislators have endorsed this legislation.  As I have watched and listened to the debate on Ed-Flex, I have been surprised by many amendments offered by some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Many of the proposed amendments seem counterproductive to the central purpose of Ed-Flex. Ed-Flex is about easing government mandates and regulations. However, many of the amendments we have debated would add to the mountain of Federal mandates applied to State and local school districts. As much as I hate to say this, it appears that many of my colleagues would rather have a political issue than have meaningful education reform.  Mr. President, the results Ed-Flex prove the effectiveness of the demonstration program. Whether it is giving local districts the resources to provide one-on-one reading tutoring or lower the teacher to student ratios in classrooms, Ed-Flex has been a tremendous success. These are all things we can agree upon. Based on its proven track record, the time has come to expand Ed-Flex to the rest of the country. We need to continue to identify programs that work and expand them, while eliminating the programs that are ineffective.  In closing, Mr. President, I want to thank Senators Frist and Wyden for their leadership on this issue. Their efforts prove that we can work together to the benefit of our children when it comes to educating our children. As the Senate proceeds with the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act later this year, I look forward to working with them to continue to progress we have begun here today.  Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity to discuss my views on Ed-Flex and I yield back the remainder of my time.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  