President, when I heard that the Senator from California was going to bring up her amendment, I came down to the floor. Quite frankly, I came down carrying the credentials of the blue-ribbon committee. I think there is one thing on which we can all agree: If you actually read the recommendations of the committee, they are not consistent with the amendment that is offered by the Senator from California.  We have 13 people on the panel. They are from industry, they are from some of the environmentalist groups, chaired by Dan Greenbaum of the Health Effects Institute. I think it is important that we read what this blue-ribbon committee recommends.  What they recommend is that they are not through yet. I will just read a couple of the recommendations here. They recommend that MTBE should be reduced but not banned. They said that oxygenate mandates should be eliminated. This amendment would increase mandates, not eliminate them. They said that benefits of ethanol need to be studied more. They did not say they have already been proven scientifically.  If there is one thing that has bothered me about the Environment and Public Works Committee, it is that some of the things that come out are not based on sound science. In this case, we do have the beginning of sound science. We have a recommendation by a blue-ribbon committee, made up of 13 people who are very professional and should represent all aspects of this issue.  Anyway, that is not what their recommendation is. They said that we should not ban MTBE, considering all alternatives and benefits. In addition to use as an oxygenate, MTBE is also used as an oxygenate enhancer. I think this has not been brought out. There is a reason for MTBE to be included.  As far as the use of ethanol, as far as the report is concerned, the environmental benefits are in question. The blue-ribbon panel recommended that it further be studied before its use is increased. That is what the recommendations were of this committee. I think we have plenty of time to have the hearings, as we have discussed.  There is another thing that has not been talked about. That is, if we were to adopt the Boxer amendment, some amount of money would have to come from the highway trust fund. Ethanol users receive a tax credit at the current time, and at the end of each year it comes out of the highway trust fund. Therefore, each of our States will have their highway funds reduced if this amendment should pass.  It is not possible to switch to ethanol right away, as the Senator from California suggests. We do not have the national infrastructure to transport the ethanol. A lot of people are not aware that this cannot be added at the refinery; it has to be added at the rack where the fuels are mixed.  On health effects, only 1 percent of the detections of MTBE in water has met the threshold for smell, which is below the threshold for human health effects. I really think if we want to use, as our basis, our decision on this amendment being the blue-ribbon panel recommendations, we ought to go ahead and not pass the amendment, allow Senator Chafee and me, as chairman of the subcommittee of jurisdiction, to have hearings. We are going to have hearings on this, on the blue-ribbon committee, in September. We are prepared to do that.  This is a drastic step. It is something we do not want to get into unless we are sure. If you read the report, it says: Do not do it now. Study it. The results are not in. We will have to make further recommendations.  We are willing to have the committee hearing on this. I can just give you my word at this time we will have it probably sometime in September.  I yield the floor or yield for questions.  