President, I know the Senator from Delaware, the Senator from Alabama, and others have been talking about the legal ramifications of what this amendment is all about. You can study the sections and subsections and sub-subsections and quote all of these things, but I think we all know this was an alliance that was set up to be a defensive alliance. Now we are getting into something that is far more than that.  But I would put out two things that have not been said. First of all, I just came back from the Canada-United States interparliamentarian meeting up there. It is very clear to me they are involved in this, with a very modest contribution, only because we are in there. I wonder how many other of these countries are getting involved because we are providing that leadership.  No. 2, my concern about this is not a legalistic concern. It is what effect is this having on our state of readiness. I happen to be chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee. This is what is very frightening. We can remember in this Chamber in 1994, in 1995, talking about Bosnia; we were going to be sending people over to Bosnia. What was the main argument used? We have to protect the integrity of NATO. Then we have the same thing coming up on Kosovo. It has come up in other places, too.  These are areas where we do not have national strategic interests. What it has done is to put us in a position where we cannot carry out the minimum expectations of the American people or our national military strategy, which is to defend America on two fronts.  I want to tell you how proud I was of General Hawley the other day, Air Combat Command, who came out and said we, right now, are not in a position to respond if we should be called upon to respond in areas where we do have a national strategic interest such as North Korea or the Persian Gulf.  It is very, very important that we get to the bottom of this and we make a determination as to what our future commitments are going to be as far as NATO is concerned.  