President, I rise today to introduce the Disaster Mitigation Act of 1999. As the chairman of the Senate Subcommittee with jurisdiction over FEMA, I have been working on this legislation for the last couple of years. I am joined in the introduction today with my ranking member Senator Bob Graham. I appreciate his commitment to this legislation and I look forward to working with him to shepherd this Bill through the process.  We have been witness to several major natural disasters already this year. And, we have three more months to go. We have seen devastating tornadoes ravage Oklahoma City and Salt Lake City. We have also seen the destruction brought on the East Coast by hurricanes Dennis and Floyd. Our hearts go out to the victims of these natural disasters. I was in Oklahoma City the morning of May 4, the day after the tornadoes moved through the Oklahoma City metro area. I have never seen destruction like that any place in the world. I was moved by the stories I heard and saw as we traveled through the remains of entire neighborhoods.  Now a few months later, I see and hear stories of the destruction brought by the flooding in North Carolina and I know the problems that lie ahead as they begin to recover. As the recovery effort begin, our hearts and our prayers go out to the people of North Carolina.  The Federal government, through FEMA, has been there to help people and their communities deal with the aftermath of disasters for over a generation. As chairman of the oversight Subcommittee I want to ensure that FEMA will continue to respond and help people in need for generations to come. Unfortunately, the costs of disaster recovery have spiraled out of control. For every major disaster Congress is forced to appropriate additional funds through Supplemental Emergency Spending Bills. This not only plays havoc with the budget and forces us to spend funds which would have gone to other pressing needs, but sets up unrealistic expectations of what the federal government can and should do after a disaster.  For instance, following the Oklahoma City tornadoes, there was an estimated $900 million in damage, with a large portion of that in federal disaster assistance. Now, in the aftermath of hurricane Floyd in North Carolina, estimates of $1 billion or more in damages are being discussed. This problem is not just isolated to Oklahoma City or North Carolina. In the period between fiscal years 1994 and 1998, FEMA disaster assistance and relief costs grew from $8.7 billion to $19 billion. That marks a $10.3 billion increase in disaster assistance in just five years. To finance these expenditures, we have been forced to find over $12 billion in rescissions.  The Bill I am introducing today will address this problem from two different directions. First, it authorizes a Predisaster Hazard Mitigation Program, which assists people in preparing for disasters before they happen. Second, it provides a number of cost-saving measures to help control the costs of disaster assistance.  In our bill, we are authorizing PROJECT IMPACT, FEMA's natural disaster mitigation program. PROJECT IMPACT authorizes the use of small grants to local communities to give them funds and technical assistance to mitigate against disasters before they occur. Too often, we think of disaster assistance only after a disaster has occurred. For the very first time, we are authorizing a program to think about preventing disaster-related damage prior to the disaster. We believe that by spending these small amounts in advance of a disaster, we will save the federal government money in the long-term. However, it is important to note that we are not authorizing this program in perpetuity. The program, as drafted, is set to expire in 2003. If PROJECT IMPACT is successful, we will have the appropriate opportunity to review its work and make a determination on whether to continue program.  We are also proposing to allow states to keep a larger percentage of their federal disaster funds to be used on state mitigation projects. In Oklahoma, the state is using its share of disaster funds to provide a tax rebate to the victims of the May 3 tornadoes who, when rebuilding their homes, build a ``safe room'' into their home. Because of limited funding, this assistance is only available to those who were unfortunate enough to lose everything they owned. We seek to give states more flexibility in determining their own mitigation priorities and giving them the financial assistance to follow through with their plans.  While we are attempting to re-define the way in which we respond to natural disasters, we must also look to curb the rising cost of post-disaster related assistance. The intent of the original Stafford Act was to provide federal assistance after States and local communities had exhausted all their existing resources. As I said earlier, we have lost sight of this intent.  To meet our cost saving goal, we are making significant changes to FEMA's Public Assistance program. One of the most significant changes in the PA program focuses on the use of insurance. FEMA is currently developing an insurance role to require States and local government to maintain private or self-insurance in order to qualify for the PA program. We applaud their efforts and are providing them with some parameters we expect them to follow in developing any insurance rule.  Second, we are providing FEMA with the ability to estimate the cost of repairing or rebuilding projects. Under current law, FEMA is required to stay in the field and monitor the rebuilding of public structures. By requiring FEMA to stay afield for years after the disaster, we run up the administrative cost of projects. Allowing them to estimate the cost of repairs and close out the project will bring immediate assistance to the State or local community and save the Federal government money.  We have spent months working closely with FEMA, the States, local communities, and other stakeholders to produce a bill that gives FEMA the increased ability to respond to disasters, while assuring States and local communities that the federal government will continue to meet its commitments.  In closing, I want to thank Senator Graham for his help and the leadership he has taken on this important issue. Without his help, input, and insight, this legislation would be little more than an idea. As we continue to move this bill forward in the process, I look forward to continuing to work with him to make this legislation a reality. 