President, I wish to have a brief word about the issue of recess appointments.  For quite some number of years, Presidents--Democrats and Republicans--have, in my opinion, violated the Constitution by making recess appointments. The Constitution is very explicit when it says that recess appointments can only be made in the event the vacancy occurs during the recess. There is a reason for this, historically.  Back in the days when we were on horses and we had legislative sessions that might have lasted 1, 2, or 3 months, we found ourselves in recess more than we were in session. Therefore, on occasion it would be necessary for the Secretary of State, who may have died in office--or when vacancies had occurred while we were in recess--to have to reappoint somebody. So we did. It made sense. But since that time--over the last several years--that privilege has been abused. As I say, this is not just an abuse that takes place by Republican or Democrat Presidents; it is both of them equally.  Consequently, the Constitution, which says that the Senate has the prerogative of advice and consent, has been violated. It was put there for checks and balances. It was put there for a very good reason. That reason is just as legitimate today as it was when our Founding Fathers put it in there; that is, the Senate should advise and consent to these appointments. It means we should actually be in on the discussion as well as consenting to the decision the President has made by virtue of his nomination.  In 1985, President Reagan was making a number of recess appointments that, in my opinion, and in the opinion of most of the Democrats and Republicans, was not in keeping with the Constitution. And certainly the majority leader at that time--who was Senator Bob Byrd from West Virginia, the very distinguished Senator--made a request of the President not to make recess appointments. He extracted from him a commitment in writing that he would not make recess appointments and, if it should become necessary because of extraordinary circumstances to make recess appointments, that he would have to give the list to the majority leader--who was, of course, Bob Byrd--in sufficient time in advance that they could prepare for it either by agreeing in advance to the confirmation of that appointment or by not going into recess and staying in pro forma so the recess appointments could not take place.  In order to add some leverage to this, the majority leader, Senator Byrd, said he would hold up all Presidential appointments until such time as President Reagan would give him a letter agreeing to those conditions. The President did give him a letter. President Reagan gave him a letter.  I will quote for you from within this letter. This was on October 18, 1985. He said:       . . . prior to any recess breaks, the White House would      inform the Majority Leader and [the Minority Leader] of any      recess appointment which might be contemplated during such      recess. They would do so in advance sufficiently to allow the      leadership on both sides to perhaps take action to fill      whatever vacancies that might be imperative during such a      break.  This is exactly what we talked about. This is the reason President Reagan agreed to this. He gave a letter to Senator Byrd. Senator Byrd was satisfied.  Along came a recess last May or June, and the President did in fact appoint someone he had nominated long before the recess occurred--in fact, not just months but even more than a year before that--and who had not complied with the necessary information in order to come up for confirmation. In that case, President Clinton did in fact violate the intent of the appointment process in the advice and consent provision found in the Constitution.  I wrote a letter to President Bill Clinton. My letter said exactly the same thing the letter said from Bob Byrd to President Reagan in 1985. It was worded the same way President Reagan's letter was worded. It said: Unless you will give us a letter, I am going to personally put a hold on all recess appointments.  The President started appointing people. And I put a hold on all of them--it didn't make any difference; I put a hold on all nonmilitary appointments--until finally, I remember one time somebody said: Well, we have a really serious problem because we can't get confirmation on the President's nominee for Secretary of the Treasury. This could have a dramatic adverse effect on the economy. The value of the dollar could go down. All these things came into the picture. What are you going to do about that? I said: I am not going to do anything, but you had better tell the President about that because it is serious. Finally, he agreed to it.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all of these documents be printed in the Record immediately following my remarks.  