President, I had been presiding and listened intently to the debate that has been taking place. I have a couple of thoughts which I think have not been addressed.  For one thing, we recognize that this has to have been politically inspired, that you do not offer clemency to known terrorists without some type of motivation to do so. If one has been watching the media and if one has been listening to this debate, one has to come to the conclusion that it was politically motivated. There can be no doubt about that. Of course, there are a lot of Puerto Ricans in the United States and in some of the States such as New York, New Jersey, and Florida, perhaps, who could determine the outcome of a vote. So we have politicians catering to them.  I suggest to you, Mr. President, that while this is onerous enough, this is not happening in a vacuum because at the same time people are going after this voting block by offering clemency, something else is going on right now, something that not many people are aware of, and that is, for the last 57 years we have been able to use an island called Vieques off the shores of Puerto Rico as a bombing range, as an amphibious training base. This is classified and characterized by the Navy, as well as the ground troops, as an imperative area for our training and our readiness.  I guess what I am saying is, there is no place else in the Western Hemisphere we can use for this kind of training. It is high-altitude bombing training and also amphibious training. What this also means is when we are about to deploy a ship such as the U.S.S. Eisenhower they will not be able to train because of a moratorium on training on Vieques.  How does that relate to this subject at hand? It relates directly in that the reason we are having problems with the range which we have used successfully for 57 years and which is an imperative part of our state of readiness is that it is unique, but they have stopped us from doing it through a moratorium because of the people of the island of Vieques. There are only 9,000 residents on this island who are saying, all of a sudden: Well, we decided we don't want to have bombing on the far end of this island.  This island is over 20 miles long. The bombing range is way over on one side. There is a buffer zone in between that is a national park on which we have spent literally millions of dollars to satisfy that handful of people who want us to abandon the range.  What do we have going on right now? We have people who are running for high office--and I do not think there is any reason to mention who they are at this time--going in and holding press conferences in Puerto Rico, saying: We want to stop the bombing that is taking place on this range; we want to deactivate the range.  Those individuals who are running for office in Puerto Rico are going one step further. Right now, there are four groups of protesters. These protesters are down on the firing range, walking around where there are live ordnances on the ground, picking them up, throwing them around, and someone is going to get killed. Consequently, having witnessed this, when I came back I wrote a letter and made a phone call to Janet Reno, our Attorney General, to insist she apply the law to these trespassers to stop them from doing that.  I do not know what her motivation is, but she refuses to do it, and she is selectively interpreting and enforcing the law. I suggest that the Senator from Utah was correct when he said the Attorney General is asleep at the switch while the White House is running the Justice Department. We are allowing the White House to run the Justice Department insofar as clemency is being offered to these terrorists, but also running the Justice Department by not enforcing the law in getting these people out of harm's way.  I can stand on the Senate floor today and say that I believe someone is going to be killed, and when that someone is killed, it is going to be the fault of our Attorney General and her boss, the President, because they are selectively not enforcing the law at this time.  While it is bad enough we allow terrorists to go unpunished--we turn them loose on society; we somehow fall into this mindset that punishment is not a deterrent to crime for political purposes--it is even worse, in my opinion, to take away the one thing that is necessary, the most significant, an important training area, from our military in order to prepare to defend America.  So I think this thing has gone far enough, and I do believe it is politically inspired. I do believe that was the reason for the offer of clemency. I do believe that is the reason so many politicians right now are saying: Fine, we'll go ahead and close the range.  One last thing on the range. I know this message will get out to the right places when I say it. It is true that the people and the citizens of the island of Puerto Rico would like to have this range deactivated. But they also at the same time want to keep our facilities that are so significant in making contributions to their economies, such as Roosevelt Roads.  As chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee of the Senate Committee on Armed Services, I went out and told them I am going to do everything within my power--if they deactivate this range; and are successful in doing this, through the White House and the President's efforts--to do what we can to move those functions that take place in Roosevelt Roads, to deactivate that and bring those back to various installations in the United States that are only partially utilized.  So that is going out as a warning. I think it is time we take this whole thing very seriously and try, just for a while, to get politics out of this process which we have been discussing.  Lastly, yes, it is significant. We are talking about a President who has offered clemency to a bunch of people, some terrorists, who have inflicted crime on American citizens. When you stop and think about how the young people of America are looking at this and saying, ``Well, I guess there's not anything wrong with participating in this kind of activity,'' this is morally wrong, and it should be stopped.  I yield the floor.  