President, in these brief moments, 5 minutes for each Senator--I think it is probably not a bad idea because we have had so many hours and hours and hours of debate on this it is becoming redundant now--I would like to use this brief period of time only to bring out a couple of things that need to be reemphasized.  First of all, mistakenly--certainly not intentionally--some of the Members have stood on this floor and have implied that the Directors of our labs are in support of this treaty. I think it is very important to hear a quote from one of the Directors, C. Paul Robinson, Dr. Robinson, from Sandia National Lab, speaking in behalf of all three of the Directors.  He said:       I and others [that's the other three] who are or have been      responsible for the safety and reliability of the U.S.      stockpile of nuclear weapons have testified to this obvious      conclusion many times in the past. To forgo that validation      through testing is, in short, to live with uncertainty.  He goes on to say:       If the United States scrupulously restricts itself to zero      yield while other nations may conduct experiments up to the      threshold of international detectability, we will be at an      intolerable disadvantage.  I can't think of anything worse than to be at an intolerable disadvantage.  Second, it has been implied that all these Presidents have been for it in the past, Eisenhower and Bush, and everyone has been for this treaty. In fact, this is not true. I am sure those who stated it thought it was true, but it is not true. Only President Clinton has come forth with a treaty that is a zero-yield treaty--that is no testing at all--that is unlimited in duration--not 10 years as it was in the case of Eisenhower--and unverifiable. So this is the first time. It would be unprecedented if this were to happen.  Third, I hear so many objections as to the unfairness. It doesn't really matter how much time there has been devoted for the debate on this. Everyone out there, Democrats or Republicans, any one person could have stopped this. This was a unanimous consent. It is true we had three times the time that was allocated for debate on the CFE treaty, twice the time on the START I, three times the time that was allocated on START II. That is important, of course. It shows that we did give adequate time. But the point is, any Senator could have objected. That means every Senator endorsed this schedule by which this was going to be handled.  With the remaining minute that I have, let me just say, as chairman of the readiness committee, I have a very serious concern. We have stood on the floor of this Senate and have tried to stop the President of the United States, this President, Bill Clinton, from vetoing our defense authorization bills going back to and including 1993, stating in his veto message that he doesn't want any money for a National Missile Defense System. He has fought us all the way. We would have had one deployed by fiscal year 1998 except for his vetoes. But he has vetoed it. That means that there is no deterrent left except a nuclear deterrent. That means if a missile comes over, we can't knock the missile down so we have to rely on our ability to have a nuclear deterrent in our stockpile that works. And all the experts have said they don't work now. We can't tell for sure whether they work now.  We have stood on the floor of this Senate with a chart that shows, on all nine of the nuclear weapons, as to whether or not they are working today. We do not really know because we haven't tested in 7 years. Testing is necessary. We would be putting ourselves in a position where we have no missile defense so we have to rely on a nuclear deterrent. We don't know whether or not that nuclear deterrent works.  Last, I would say I wasn't real sure what the minority leader was talking about when he talked about article 18 of the Vienna Convention. I will just read it one more time so we know if we do not kill this and kill it now, we are going to have to live under it. It states:       A State is obliged to refrain from arguments which would      defeat the object and purpose of a treaty when it has signed      the treaty or has exchanged instruments constituting the      treaty subject to ratification, acceptance or approval, until      it shall have made its intentions clear not to become a party      to the treaty.  That is what this is all about. We are the Senate that is going to reject this treaty.  