President. I thank my colleague, the senior Senator from Oklahoma.  Mr. President, in Oklahoma we have gone through tragedies that are indescribable. The Murrah Federal Office Building was the most significant terrorist attack on domestic soil in the history of America. It is one that you can't describe standing here on the Senate floor. I have been there. And I remember so well the thundering march, the cadence of the fire trucks as they were going to try to extract so many people out of the building, and all types of volunteers.  We saw the same thing yesterday. It was indescribable. I note the story of a horse that was picked up and taken a quarter of a mile in the air, and dropped on top of a car, then a car on top of a house, and the twisted ``I'' beams. The power, the indescribable power that was there.  James Lee Witt--I am very complimentary of James Lee Witt, a man I have known long before he was Director of FEMA. As chairman of the committee that has jurisdiction over FEMA, I work very closely with him. And I tell you right now, he had his hands on there. He was personally involved in it. He explained to us that this is the most significant tornado that he had seen in terms of the devastating damage and power that was there.  You always remember one or two things. I recall in the helicopter ride going across a little town called Moore, OK. Everything was devastated in that town, except right across the street from the most devastating part of this tornado stood the First Baptist Church of Moore, OK. It had been untouched.  As my senior Senator from Oklahoma said, we are so appreciative of everyone coming together, for all of the comments of our colleagues since we have been back, the prayers that we had this morning from the Senate Chaplain and others, and people like the Governor of Oklahoma, the mayor of Oklahoma City throughout yesterday, the police departments and the fire departments, all of the volunteers, and certainly FEMA bringing this all together.  We are very thankful, and we in Oklahoma will be bound to that. We ask for your continued prayers for the families, for those who lost their lives, and for the families of those who lost their lives.  I thank very much all of the government coming together to help us rebuild the damage that has been done.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  