President, I do want to talk about some of the tax ramifications, today's subject. I think it is very significant.  Prior to doing that, though, we have an issue that is current, rather sensitive, and is rather serious in terms of our Nation's security.  Tomorrow, the committee I chair, the Readiness Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee, will be holding a hearing to review the national security requirement for continued training operations of the naval facility off the island of Puerto Rico called Vieques. It is a very important issue, military readiness, with the lives of military personnel on one side of the debate and the interests of the local community on the other.  At this point, I remind the President that for 57 years we have used this island of Vieques, an island that is approximately 20 or 25 miles wide, one small area way over on the east end of this island as a range, a bombing range--57 years. During that time, we have lost the lives of one person, who was a civilian employee working for the Navy. This happened last April and created quite a bit of hysteria. There are many people trying to use this as an excuse to close down the range that is so vital to our interests.  We have seen all the press reports outlining the concerns of those who oppose the military's use of the island. We have also witnessed the introduction of legislation to close this range. Unfortunately, far less attention has been given to the national security requirement for continued access to the training provided by this range. In fact, I have not heard anyone address the increased risk to our Nation's youth who serve in uniform and what they will face if we send them into combat without the benefit of the training that is offered only at Vieques Island. The subcommittee will be meeting tomorrow to explore the requirements of this language.  It is my hope that once the panel, appointed by the Secretary of Defense to review this matter and make recommendations for appropriate resolution, issues its report, the committee will be able to then meet to review those recommendations and hear from the people of Puerto Rico as well as the military.  The Secretary of the Navy recently released a report, prepared by two of its senior officers, which examines our training activities on Vieques and explores potential alternative training sites. Although no alternative site has yet been identified that would replace the training Vieques provides, I understand the panel appointed by the Secretary of Defense and by the President continues to seek a resolution to this issue.  I will read a couple paragraphs out of the Navy report prepared by those individuals. I think it is very significant:       The Inner Range at Vieques is the only range along the      Atlantic seaboard that can accommodate naval gunfire, the      only range at which strike aircraft are afforded the use of      air-to-ground live ordnance with tactically realistic and      challenging targets and airspace which allows the use of high      altitude flight profiles.  This is very similar to what we witnessed in Kosovo, and they were very successful. Even though to begin with we should not have been involved, it was necessary to use high-altitude bombing to be out of the range of surface-to-air missiles. We did that successfully, and they received their training at Vieques. I do not know what the degree of success would have been otherwise.  Continuing from the report:       It is the only range at which live naval surface, aviation      and artillery ordnance can be delivered in coordination.      Additionally, Vieques is the only training venue that can      accommodate amphibious landings supported by naval surface      fires. . . .  It continues and talks about how this is the only facility we have, and if we do not have this facility, we are going to be deploying troops into areas without proper training. One of the conclusions of the report is:       This study has reaffirmed that the Vieques Inner Range      provides unique training opportunities vital to military      readiness, and contributes significantly to the ability of      naval expeditionary forces to obtain strategic objectives.      This study examined alternative plausible sites and concluded      that none, either in existence or yet undeveloped, would      provide the range of training opportunities at Vieques Inner      Range.  The U.S.S. Eisenhower is going to be deployed in February to the Arabian Gulf and to the Mediterranean to do just this type of exercise and will be called upon to do something to defend this country when they will not have had the proper training from Vieques because right now there is a moratorium and the U.S.S. Eisenhower has not had the opportunity to have that training.  Any resolution must provide the military with the ability to achieve the same level of proficiency that the training operations at Vieques currently provide. Any proposal to move operations to a phantom or an unidentified site as of yet is unacceptable. Before any decision is made to move operations from Vieques, a specific alternative site must be identified and all actions necessary to make it functional, from environmental studies to military construction, must be completed. Failure to identify a specific site and make it available will simply prove the validity of the Navy's position that no viable alternative exists. Therefore, any decision to continue the use of Vieques, but at a reduced level of operations, must still allow the military to perform the training necessary to meet the required wartime proficiency.  I fear that a decision is going to be made based on politics rather than national security. I am concerned that this administration may take action that will place at risk the lives of sailors and marines simply to court the popular vote in favor of candidates with close ties to this President.  One only has to look back at the recent decision to release terrorists from prison to fully appreciate the extent to which this President is willing to place American lives and interests at risk in order to garner votes for his friends and family. The inappropriate politicization of the issue has already been demonstrated by the Justice Department and the U.S. attorney's office in Puerto Rico which have refused take necessary action to protect the lives of American citizens.  As many of my colleagues already know, as we speak today, there are protesters over there, some four groups of protesters, who are on the live range with live ordnances. I had occasion to spend a good bit of the recess looking at this. I have been over every inch of the island either by helicopter or by car or on foot. I have seen the protesters out there throwing around live ordnances. Just imagine, in 57 years, how much is out there. One particular individual came out carrying a live ordnance and tried to get on a commercial aircraft, which would have killed everybody on the aircraft.  It is a very serious thing, and I cannot believe our Justice Department has refused to enforce the laws of trespassing on Federal military Government property. I hope these explosives do not fall into the hands of some of the terrorists the President recently released from prison.  One thing about this issue is certain. The primary mission of Roosevelt Roads is to support training operations at Vieques. If military access to Vieques is eliminated, the value of Roosevelt Roads will be greatly reduced, and those functions, other than supporting this range, can be performed very well in other areas where there is excess capacity.  The U.S. military cannot afford to fund a base that provides little or no benefit to national security. Therefore, today I have introduced S. 1602, legislation which will close naval station Roosevelt Roads at such time as the military terminates military operations at Vieques, if that should become a reality.  I have seen this. I have become convinced. Our hearing tomorrow will either disprove or prove what I am saying today--that it is absolutely necessary to have the benefits of this range and that there is no place else we have in our arsenal, no other range, that provides the type of training that will save American lives. If we send in our troops, as we are preparing to do right now on the U.S.S. Eisenhower, and they get involved in some kind of a problem and do not have the benefit of the training at Vieques as those who participated in Kosovo, it could certainly cost American lives, and we will be sending our troops at far greater risk, which I weigh and measure in terms of human life.  