President, first of all, I know the Senator has the best interests of the CAP at heart in making his comments. But I do believe that he needs to read this very carefully, and if any other Members want to read it, it is on pages 292, 293, and 294.  All we are doing is saying that if the Air Force is going to continue to be responsible for the behavior and the actions of the CAP, they be given some oversight, some ability to get into the books and check these things out. It is my understanding that the account that the Senator from Colorado has is not an accurate account of the cruise. I will repeat the accusation.  The Southeast Region Commanders Conference was held on a cruise to Nassau. Now, this is a cruise paid for by public funds, CAP funds, which came from the Air Force. After the conference, some individuals requested and received per diem, even though the cost of the cruise had been paid for by taxpayer money. I just think this is so outrageous. In fact, the Air Force personnel who was wanting to stop this from happening was so opposed to it that he refused to go on the trip himself. He canceled out.  All we are saying is that if they are going to be responsible for this, we are going to have to, in some way, give them the authority to oversee it. After a while, I am going to be giving a talk on what I find to be offensive about this whole bill that we are discussing today. It is primarily that we are not funding adequately our whole military, certainly in the area of readiness. Our service Chiefs, our four-stars, and our CINCs all got together and said, in order to meet the minimum expectations of the American people, and to meet our national requirements, our mission requirements, we would have to have $17.4 billion a year more for the next 6 years, plus the amount for pay increases and retirement. That comes to about $24 billion. The amount of increase here is only $9 billion--totally inadequate.  I am supporting this legislation because it is the very best we can do. I say to the Senator from Colorado, we are looking everywhere to pick up a million dollars here and a little bit there; we want to do it. In spite of that, General Ryan recommended, because of his affection for the CAP, an additional $7.5 million. That should demonstrate his feelings about the CAP. We were not able to give that additional amount. We kept the same levels as the previous year because we have problems in modernization, quality of life, force strength, and there is no place that isn't bleeding and hemorrhaging right now. So that is my concern.  I would hate to be in a position to deny the Air Force the right to at least look at the books and have an opportunity to stop this type of abuse if they are going to be responsible for their actions. Right now, they are responsible. That is why I said if this should pass, I think the Secretary of the Air Force really needs to refer these accusations to the FBI and sever the ties of the Air Force. CAP doesn't want that. They have had a very good relationship all these years. I think there may be a small number of people who perhaps have not exercised the proper behavior and don't want the oversight. But I can't think right now of any example in Government where someone is responsible for someone else and yet has no authority over their behavior.  I yield the floor.  