 Frankly, I am not concerned about our allies. I am concerned about our adversaries. I am not at all concerned that Great Britain is going to send a missile over to the United States. I am concerned about China and Russia and now North Korea. Right now, as we speak, the President is sending money and making promises to North Korea so they will not test a missile they have called a Taepo Dong 2 that will reach Washington, DC, from anyplace in the world, take 35 minutes to get over here, and we do not have any defense against this thing. So those are the ones about whom I am concerned. Have they ratified this treaty? No, certainly not China, not Russia, not North Korea. North Korea hasn't even signed it. Those are the ones about whom I am concerned.  Thirdly, certification. Certification doesn't mean we have weapons we know will be operative at any point in the future. It merely says we don't know that they won't be; we don't know of any. We can certify we don't know of any problems. How can they know of problems, if they are not testing them? I think that is a very weak argument.  Lastly, I would like to address the reference made by the Senator from Delaware to Dr. Paul Robinson. He is the Director of the Sandia Laboratory. He is the one the Senator from Delaware talked about as being, apparently, a credible source, or he would not have mentioned his name in his opening statement. Dr. Robinson says:       We know today that a test ban cannot prevent states from      acquiring nuclear weapons if they are determined to do so.      Credible nuclear weapons can be constructed without nuclear      testing, as several nations, including South Africa, have      demonstrated. The underground nuclear tests by India and      Pakistan in 1998 are another example. These events were not      developmental tests. They were demonstrations of nuclear      capability that had been developed much earlier with little      or no testing.       Those who claim that by ending nuclear testing we will      close off the threat of terrorist development and use of      nuclear explosives mislead themselves. Congress should not      accept such arguments as a basis for endorsing the test ban.  Further, Dr. Paul Robinson said:       It is indeed correct that the United States would be ill-     advised to place a sophisticated nuclear explosive design      into the stockpile that had not been previously tested and      validated. There is no question that actual testing of      designs to confirm their performance is the desired regimen      of any high technology device, from cars and airplanes to      medical equipment and computers. For a device as highly      consequential as a nuclear weapon, testing of the complete      system, both when it is first developed and periodically      throughout its lifetime to ensure that aging effects do not      invalidate its performance, is also the preferred      methodology. I and others who are or have been responsible      for the     safety and reliability of the United States stockpile for      nuclear weapons have testified to this obvious conclusion      many times in the past. To forgo that validation through      testing is, in short, to live with uncertainty.  I don't want to live with uncertainty. There is no way of knowing that we have a nuclear deterrent if we have to live with uncertainty.  There is no one I respect more highly than Secretary Bill Cohen, our Secretary of Defense. I served with him on the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, and he is certainly a most knowledgeable individual. I do have to say this: He has certainly changed his story since he was in the Senate. I am going to quote what Secretary Cohen said in 1992, when at that time he was the most vigorous opponent of a ban on nuclear testing we had in the Senate. This is Secretary Bill Cohen when he was a Senator:       Many of these nuclear weapons which we intend to keep in      our stockpile for the indefinite future are dangerously unsafe. Equally relevant is the fact that we can make these weapons much safer if limited testing is allowed to be conducted. So when crafting our policy regarding nuclear testing, this should be our principal objective--to make the weapons we retain safe. The amendment that was adopted last week [speaking of 1992] does not meet this test, because it would not permit the Department of Energy to conduct the necessary testing to make our weapons safe.  When I asked that question, there was some suggestion that maybe we are talking about different weapons. We are not talking about different weapons. These are the nine weapons we are talking about today. These same nine weapons were there in 1992, the same ones to which Secretary Cohen alluded.  This chart tells us that there are five tests for safety features. These are the five tests. The most significant ones are the intensive high explosive and the fire resistance pit. That is to make sure they don't inadvertently explode during use or during storage; the same with the fire. If we look right here, we see that only one of these weapons--that is the W84--has any type of safety. I guess all five of the hazards are listed. The W62 has none. So this was true in 1992. It is true again today.  Some people have said, well, in the worst-case scenario, if something happens to the safety of this thing, we have a way of getting out of this thing. It is called safeguard F. Safeguard F is one sentence in the treaty. That sentence says that there is a way out in the event that it becomes a supreme national interest to get out. So that would be interpreted by our Commander in Chief or President, whoever is President at that time. I have often said--I don't think anyone is going to refute it--that we have a President who has a very difficult time telling the truth. Let us assume he is telling the truth. This is what he said his interpretation would be in his application of safeguard F: In the event that I were informed by the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, advised by the Nuclear Weapons Council, the directors of the Energy Department's nuclear weapons labs and the commander of the U.S. Strategic Command that a high level of confidence in the safety or reliability of a nuclear weapons type, which the two Secretaries consider to be critical to our nuclear deterrent, could no longer be certified, I would be prepared, in consultation with Congress, to exercise the supreme national interest under the CTBT in order to conduct whatever testing might be required.  He is saying, even if these five people; that is, everyone who has anything to do with or any knowledge of these nuclear weapons, even if all of them insist on it, he didn't say he would do it. He said he would be prepared to do it. That is a very weak statement. It doesn't mean he would do it at all. I don't find any comfort at all in what he stated.  Coming close to the end of my time, let me share a couple other thoughts about which I do have strong feelings. We had all three Directors of our three labs before our committee yesterday. All three of them testified that we have to test these nuclear weapons in order to make sure they will continue to work if called upon. These are the ones who are responsible for doing that. Verification has to be talked about.  It is kind of interesting. I will read an article in the paper a couple of days ago. It was an article in the Washington Post by Robert Suro, entitled ``CIA Unable to Precisely Track Testing.'' This was last Sunday, I believe, talking about something that might have occurred on Saturday, less than a week ago right now. Again, it was entitled ``CIA Unable to Precisely Track Testing.'' Among the troubling facts uncovered:       According to senior officials, the CIA has concluded that      it cannot monitor low-level nuclear tests by Russia precisely      enough to ensure compliance with the CTBT. . . . Twice last      month, the Russians carried out what might have been nuclear      explosions at its Novaya Zemlya testing site in the Arctic.      The CIA found that the data from the seismic sensors and      other monitoring equipment were insufficient to allow      analysts to reach a firm conclusion about the nature of the      events.  Having read that and then having had Gen. Henry Shelton and Secretary Cohen on the same panel, I asked them the question: Can you sit here and tell us that the Russians did not conduct those tests just a few months ago referred to in the article in last Sunday's Washington Post? They said: No, we can't.  We asked the same question of the Directors of the lab. They said: No, there is no way of knowing it.  Verification has always been a real serious problem with me.  Mr. President, I ask for 5 more minutes. I think that will be acceptable. The time I am asking for is from our side.  