President, I have been sitting this morning and listening intently to all the comments that have been made about our very close friend, John Chafee. I do not have a prepared statement, but I do have some thoughts I think I want to share.  It happens that this weekend, at the time that this happened, I was on the U.S.S. Eisenhower, where they were doing F-18 and F-14 maneuvers and trying to figure out how to get trained for something that is coming up in their deployment to both the Mediterranean and the Persian Gulf. So we were talking with some of the military types about John Chafee. And about John you hear all these things. I have been listening this morning about how he was such a great guy. But people forget what a hero he was during the Second World War, and then again in the Korean war.  In fact, I got on his committee when I was first elected, coming from the House to the Senate in 1994. There is a tradition that John, every February, would have his new members, along with all the other members of his committee, for dinner. It was a very festive occasion.  I used to look forward to going to that dinner and not saying anything but sitting quietly and listening to the war stories told by John Warner and John Chafee. You could sit there and relive the whole Second World War in a way you will never read about.  When you think of him and the image that he has today, and the image of him that we have been exposed to in the recent years, you do not think of him as being the type of person who would be a war hero. But he was. He was. And every time he told his war stories, it always came back to talking about the love he had for America, what America meant to him, the reason it has to stay strong.  I think it is interesting, because you hear a lot about his political philosophy, and some of the things he stands for are not consistent with standing for a strong national defense, yet he did. He was very unique in that respect.  I listened to the Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein. She did such a great job of describing this very gentle person. The Senator said in her comments, I believe three times, that he was a giant, and that she knew John was a giant, and she could look at him and see the things he did that nobody else could do--that he was a giant.  One of the things that is interesting in listening to those who have been saying such eloquent things about John is they are talking about what his stand was on different issues. As a conservative, who disagreed with most of the issues they talked about, I still had a love and reverence and respect for John Chafee that is every bit as much or more than some of the others.  I think it is kind of an interesting thing; you look at a guy who does not vote the way you vote on things, and yet every time he would say something about the various issues Senator Feinstein talked about, I would stop and think it over: This is John, so maybe I need to be listening a little bit more. I think he had a greater impact on people who disagreed with him than he did on people who agreed with him.  I appreciate Max Baucus and the things he said. He has served for some time as the ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, a very significant committee and one that is handling things that affect us in our everyday lives. And when he talked about John's unquestionable integrity, I cannot build on that. That is true. That is John. Senator Reid also talked about what a giant he was.  I would only add, that of all the characteristics John had, the word that comes to my mind is love. You had to love John Chafee. A lot of people don't like me, certainly a lot of them don't love me, but I think of John Chafee and say: Who couldn't love John Chafee? I feel so rich that I have had the honor of serving with him and being close to him.  This morning when Kay, my wife, and I were talking about John, she recalled her last conversation with Ginny was during our February dinner, the very eloquent dinner he has had every 2 years that he hosted at, I believe, the Metropolitan Club. Kay had been talking to Ginny for a long time. Their subject, Kay told me this morning, was he had already announced 3 days before that dinner that he was going to retire from the Senate after all these years. Ginny was talking about how they were looking forward to their traveling and all the things they were going to do.  Now Ginny is left with 5 beautiful children and 12 grandchildren. I remember how proud John was when he talked about his son, Lincoln, who is running for his seat. So John was a family man. He loved his kids and loved his grandkids. Maybe that is what we all had in common. But this place will not be the same without John Chafee. John Chafee was the lovable giant.  I yield back, Mr. President, and suggest the absence of a quorum.  