 I say to the Senator that in my remarks I commented that there isn't a Member of the 100 Members of the Senate who has worked closer on an active basis, actually flying with and teaching and working with the CAP, than I have. I have attended every ceremony that they have had--unless there is something I don't know about--in the State of Oklahoma, because of my strong support for their group.  My problem is this wonderful group has a few bad apples in it, and there is no way to get at those bad apples. Here we have General Ryan suggesting that we increase the appropriations to them for the operation of their program by $7.5 million that we had to deny when the Senator and I were sitting in the Armed Services Committee.  This is a time that we can't afford to be throwing away any money when we have all the readiness needs, when we have modernization needs, when we have force strength needs, and quality-of-life needs, and all of these things that need to be funded in this particular area. I just do not want to be in a position where I am passing an amendment to take away the authority of the Air Force in this case which is using public funds to fund this entity and taking away their ability to in some way dictate what is going on there if they are going to be responsible for it.  Here they are responsible for some of this activity, such as the one individual that was charging the cost of his flying hours to the CAP counterdrug account when he was actually flying to visit his daughter, or one CAP person charged his time both to the home State and the CAP counterdrug budget. So he is double-dipping. Those are public funds they are getting--funds that could be used to buy spare parts, funds that would keep us from having to cannibalize engines, funds that would keep us from having to keep these guys working 16 hours a day repairing aircraft that are broken down.  I think we are looking at so many issues. That is why we discussed it at some length in our committee, because we can't allow these abuses to take place and tell the Air Force, Your hands are tied; you have responsibility for their actions but you don't have anything to do with their performance.  