President, I have a few brief comments to make in response to the very eloquent remarks from the Senator from West Virginia, in which I thought he covered it quite well. He had a concern for whether the intelligence estimate was going to be forthcoming.  I would suggest, and get into the Record at this time, that back in December of 1995 we were waiting for the NEI report to come out. And it came out.  That report said we would not have to defend ourselves in the United States of America for a limited attack in terms of--the discussion, of course, was the national missile defense--until approximately 15 years, not any less than 15 years.  We found out later that was actually imminent at that time.  I can recall so well writing the Chairman and Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Shelton, on the 24th of August of this last year--1998--and asking him to be specific in terms of taking the national intelligence estimate and all the information that he could garner and tell me at approximately what date North Korea would be able to fire a missile, a multiple-stage rocket. He came back and said it would be more than 5 years.  Seven days later--on the 31st of August, 1998--they fired one.  I think we all know right now that they have another type of missile that can reach Washington, DC, from anyplace in the world in about 35 minutes, and we don't have any defense against that.  I don't think, if we are going to rely on the NEI information, we are relying on something that is going to be in the best interests of defending our country.  The Senator from West Virginia also talked about the ratification process and about needing more time.  We hear over and over again from every single person who stood up to defend the CTBT we need more time, we have to have more time. Yet if one reads what those same individuals are saying, the President of the United States said on the 16th of May, 1998:       Now it's all the more important that the Senate act      quickly, this year, so we can increase the pressure on, and      isolation of, other nations that may be considering their own      nuclear test explosions.  Also the President said:       . . . I ask the Senate to approve it [CTBT] this year.  That was 1998--last year; here it is 1999.  Vice President Al Gore said the same thing:       The U.S. Congress should act now to ratify the      Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  That is July of 1998.  Secretary Albright said:       We need this Treaty now.  That was on September 23, a few days ago, this year.  She said, further:       For American leadership, for our future, the time has come      to ratify CTBT--this year, this session, now.  I could go on and on; the leaders have said we have to do it now.  As far as taking up this treaty, knowing what is in it, the treaty has been there for 2 years. We have all had an opportunity. Have I read the entire treaty? No, but I read the areas that concern me on verification, on zero-yield thresholds, things where I know we cannot verify what would be done. Verification is not there.  I remind Members, every Senator, including the illustrious Senator from Delaware, had the opportunity to object to the unanimous consent request propounded and agreed to a few days ago calling for the vote to take place after the 14 hours of debate which should be some time on Tuesday or Wednesday.  The only Senator from that side who is not openly supporting this yet is the Senator from West Virginia who said, by his own mistake, he was not able to get down in time to object to the unanimous consent request.  We had an opportunity for every Senator to have slowed this train down so they wouldn't have to vote on it and they elected not to do it.  I think it is very important we all keep that in mind. This is significant. It is something we have reviewed over a long period of time. It is something we understand. We have heard the professional testimony. We have attended many meetings. I along with the Presiding Officer, have sat through hours of committee meetings and subcommittee meetings that I have held in my committee on this very subject. I think we understand it and I agree with the statements of all of those, including the President, Vice President, and the Secretary of State, who I quoted. We need to do it now.  I will be here to object to any unanimous consent that would in some way vitiate the vote that we believe should be imminent next week.  I yield the floor.  