President, it seems we are about to go to war with Yugoslavia. Our stated purpose is to stop the humanitarian disaster there caused by a civil war. If we do not act, we are told, innocent people will be killed, will be wounded, will be displaced from their homes. Indeed, over 2,000 have already been killed in the Kosovo civil war in just the last year. Many more have been uprooted. There are serious problems there. No one disputes that.  My question is, Where is the vital U.S. national interest?  The National Defense Council Foundation recently reported that there are at least 60 conflicts going on in the world involving humanitarian suffering of one kind or another. There are 30 wars being waged--civil wars, guerrilla wars, major terrorist campaigns. Many are driven by ethnic quarrels and religious disputes which have raged for decades, if not for centuries.  Just consider a partial list from recent years: 800,000 to 1 million people have been brutally murdered in Rwanda alone; tens of thousands killed in civil wars in Sudan, Algeria and Angola; thousands killed in civil war in Ethiopia; in January, 140 civilians killed by paramilitary squads in Colombia; including 27 worshipers slain during a village church service.  Why is there no outcry for these millions of people who are being brutally murdered in other places in the world, but we are all concerned about the humanitarian problems in Kosovo?  I have to say this, and I know it is very unpopular to say it, but I am going to quote a guy whose name is Roger Wilkins. He is a professor of history and American culture at George Mason University:       I think it is pretty clear. U.S. foreign policy is geared      to the European-American sensibility which takes the lives of      white people much more seriously than the lives of people who      aren't white.  Let me read a couple paragraphs from an article in the Minneapolis-St. Paul Star Tribune on January 31, 1999:       But no one mobilized on behalf of perhaps 500 people who      were shot, hacked and burned to death in a village in eastern      Congo, in central Africa, around the same time. No outrage      was expressed on behalf of many other innocents who had      the misfortune to be slain just off the world's stage over      the past few weeks.       Why do 45 white Europeans rate an all-out response while      several hundred black Africans are barely worth notice?  And this is all in that same timeframe.  Further quoting the Minneapolis-St. Paul Star Tribune:       While U.S. officials struggled to provide an answer,      analysts said the uneven U.S. responses to a spurt of      violence in the past month illuminates not just an immoral or      perhaps racist foreign policy, but one that fails on      pragmatic and strategic grounds as well.  So now the President wants us to send the U.S. military into Kosovo, not to enforce a peace agreement--we do not have a peace agreement, as we were told 2 weeks ago--but to inject ourselves into the middle of an ongoing civil war, with no clearly defined military objective, no assurance of success, no exit strategy and great, great risk to our pilots and men and women in uniform.  We know that the Yugoslav leader, Mr. Milosevic, is a bad guy. No one disputes that. But are we absolutely sure that there are some good guys, too? Are there any good guys in the fight that stretches back over 500 years?  When I was in Kosovo recently, I was horrified as I was going through the main road--Kosovo is only 75 miles wide and 75 miles long, and there is one road going all the way through it. I was only able to see two dead people at the time. They turned them over and both of them were Serbs. They had been executed at pointblank range. And they were Serbs, not Kosovars, not Albanians. So the national interest here is not at all clear.  Let me quote Dr. Henry Kissinger, the former Secretary of State and National Security Adviser. In an op-ed piece in the Washington Post on February 24, Kissinger said he was opposed to U.S. military involvement in Kosovo. He is not unaware of the humanitarian concerns that the President and others talk about. Here are just a few of the highlights of what he said:       The proposed deployment in Kosovo does not deal with any      threat to American security as traditionally conceived.       Kosovo is no more a threat to America than Haiti was to      Europe.       If Kosovo, why not East Africa or Central Asia?       We must take care not to stretch ourselves too thin in the      face of far less ambiguous threats in the Middle East and      Northeast Asia.       Each incremental deployment into the Balkans is bound to      weaken our ability to deal with Saddam Hussein and North      Korea.  I think this is very, very significant, the last two points.  First of all, I have asked the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, I have asked the Chiefs, I have asked the CINCs, the commanders in chief, this question: If we have to send troops into Kosovo--keep in mind that people may lie to you and say this is going to be an airstrike. Anybody who knows anything about military strategy and warfare knows you can't do it all from the air. You have to ultimately send in ground troops. So we are talking about sending in ground troops. That is in a theater where the logistics support for ground troops is handled out of the 21st TACOM in Germany. I was over in the 21st TACOM. Right now, they are at 110 percent capacity just supporting Bosnia. They don't have any more capacity. The commander in chief there said, if we send ground troops into Iraq or Kosovo, we are going to be 100 percent dependent upon Guard and Reserve to support those troops. And look what has happened to the Guard and Reserve now because of the decimation of our military through its budget, finding ourselves only half the size we were in 1991.  Right now, we don't have the capacity. We have to depend on Guard and Reserves, and in doing this we don't have the critical MOSs. You can't expect doctors in the Guard to be deployed for 270 days and maintain their practice, so we now have ourselves faced with a problem, a serious problem, and that is we cannot carry out the national military strategy, which is to be able to defend America on two regional fronts. We don't have the capacity to do it. If we could do it on nearly simultaneous fronts within 45 days between each conflict, then we go up from low-medium risk to a medium-high risk, which is translated in lives of Americans.  Going into Kosovo for an unlimited duration at who knows what cost, who knows the amount of risk, the risk will be higher.  I chair the readiness subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Mr. President, and I can tell you right now that we are in the same situation we were in in the late 1970s with the hollow force. We can't afford to dilute our military strength anymore. And that is not even mentioning the immediate risk to our forces that they will face in Yugoslavia where the Serbs have sophisticated Russian-made air defense and thousands of well-trained and equipped troops motivated to fight and die for their country.  In recent testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee, some of our top military leaders were very frank about what they expected for any U.S. military operation in Kosovo.  Air Force Chief of Staff General Ryan said, ``There stands a very good chance that we will lose aircraft against Yugoslavian air defense.''  Navy Chief of Staff, Admiral Johnson, said, ``We must be prepared to take losses.''  Marine Commandant, General Krulak, said it will be ``tremendously dangerous.''  And then George Tenet, the Director of Central Intelligence, said this is not Bosnia we are talking about, this is Kosovo where they are not tired, they are not worn out, and they are ready to fight and kill Americans.  So we are faced with that serious problem, Mr. President. We should not under any circumstances go into Kosovo. Our vital security interests are not at stake, where we don't have a clear military objective or an exitstrategy, or where our policy doesn't fit into any coherent broader foreign policy vision.  So let me go back to my opening statement. Since we have no national security risks at stake, there must be another reason for our involvement. It is not humanitarian because of the following:  800,000 to 1 million killed in ethnic strife in Rwanda;  tens of thousands killed in civil wars in Sudan, Algeria, and Angola;  thousands killed in civil war in Ethiopia;  in January, 140 civilians killed by paramilitary squads in Colombia, including 27 worshipers slain during a village church service.  Why is there no outcry for U.S. involvement in these obvious humanitarian situations?  ``I think it's pretty clear,'' said Roger Wilkins, professor of history and American culture at George Mason University. ``U.S. foreign policy is geared to the European-American sensibility which takes the lives of white people much more seriously than the lives of people who aren't white.''  Anyone who supports our sending American troops into Kosovo must be aware this will come back and haunt them. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith of Oregon). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  