President, a number of significant developments have occurred since the passage of last year's authorization conference report--some good, some less so. The best news is that this year's defense budget reverses a precipitous decline in defense spending.  For the first time in 15 years, we have finally passed an increase in defense spending, in real terms.  We have also included a 4.8 percent pay raise for our overburdened troops. These steps are long overdue, and we have been blocked at many turns by the Administration.  As many of our colleagues know, our forces are deployed in farflung places, many with little national interest or military requirement at stake. Yet, unfortunately, we have also had a hemorrhaging in the ranks, due to deep cuts from the Administration.  The numbers are staggering. In just the last six years, the following are among the forces which have been eliminated from the U.S. inventory: 709,000 regular service soldiers, 293,000 reserve troops, 8 standing Army divisions, 20 Air Force wings with 2,000 combat aircraft, 232 strategic bombers, 13 strategic ballistic missile submarines with 3,114 nuclear warheads on 232 missiles, 500 land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles with 1,950 warheads, 4 aircraft carriers, and 121 combat ships and submarines along with their support bases and shipyards.  When Bill Clinton took office in 1993, the United States devoted 4.5 percent of its gross domestic product (GDP) to national defense.  Today, defense outlays account for just 3 percent of GDP--their lowest level since the end of World War II.  By Inauguration Day 2001, defense spending is projected to have plummeted to 2.8 percent of GDP.  Mr. President, this is a good bill. It has a number of important components to it, most of all the overall spending hike and pay raise. As the Chairman of the Readiness and Management Support Subcommittee Infrastructure, we were able to address a number of important issues this year.  Milcon: We authorized $8.49 billion for milcon, $3.06 billion above the Administration's request, with a strong emphasis on family housing and decaying infrastructure.  Range Withdrawal: we have allowed critical readiness training to occur forthe next 25 years on some of our critical ranges in the West.  Spectrum: the spectrum was protected from a corporate takeover, allowing crucial bandwidth to be maintained by the military.  At the same time, this bill simply does not go far enough. Under no proposed budget currently on the table is there a substantial increase in defense spending, like we need. In a budget approaching $2 trillion, we ought to be able to find the less than $100 billion it would take to truly restore our readiness.  It is time to reverse these trends. It is time to take prudent steps to rebuild our defenses to protect our people, our values and our country. I look forward to working toward that goal as a major priority in the year ahead.  