President, I rise today with several of my fellow Senators to bring an important matter to the attention of our colleagues in the Senate. I refer to the disproportionate allocation of Federal impact aid funding to local school districts across the country.  As you know, this program is a successful example of the role Federal funding can play in education. This program succeeds in placing Federal education dollars directly in the hands of local educators, rather than federal bureaucrats.  State income taxes and local property taxes are often the primary funding sources for public school systems. However, military families pay income taxes to their ``State of residence,'' which may or may not be the same as the State in which their children are attending pubic schools. In addition, military families living on base or American Indians living on trust lands or reservations don't pay property taxes. Public schools are still required to provide these students a quality education. Who pays to educate these children?  Mr. President, Impact Aid fills this gap left when traditional revenue sources are inhibited by the presence of the Federal Government. This program is widely supported by my colleagues. In fact, it's a program which continually receives annual increases in appropriation levels. One would think if more money is flowing into the program then all States are fairly receiving increases in the annual funding levels. Unfortunately, this is not the case.  There is a formula used to determine the amount of funding distributed to each locally impacted school district. While clearly some states are more heavily impacted than others, this formula disproportionately favors certain states and their districts, at the expense of others equally impacted and deserving. Hundreds of school districts across the United States are scraping for the dollars necessary to educate our children. And they are doing it on less and less money every year.  States, local school districts, and parents are the primary resource to educate our children for the future. I would like to inquire of the chairman of Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions his intentions with respect to addressing the formula disparities.  