President, I was very surprised and disappointed to find that during our recess when we were not here, the President made a very controversial appointment of James Hormel to be U.S. Ambassador to Luxembourg. I believe it is something that should not be done. In fact, when I think of procedures, I look to a man I admire so much, Senator Bob Byrd from West Virginia.  During a recess in 1985, President Reagan made several appointments. Senator Byrd said: The recess appointment power should not be used simply to avoid controversy or to circumvent the constitutional power and responsibility of the Senate. In several cases, Reagan's recess appointments avoided serious and probing debate by the Senate on controversial issues. There is no evidence that the needs of government required any of these appointments to be made as recess appointments.  Then Senator Byrd went on to give the history, as he always does in his very eloquent style, as to how the Constitution does provide for emergencies, for such things as appointments back in the 1800s when people were traveling and unable to get here or when something strategic is pending. In the case of James Hormel, certainly there is not anything strategic pending.  For that reason, I am serving official notice today that I am going to do the same thing Senator Byrd did back in 1985: I am putting holds on every single Presidential nomination.  In the case of James Hormel, it is a little confusing to a lot of people as to why he became controversial. Yes, he is gay. That is not the reason for people opposing him. It is the fact that he is a gay activist who puts his agenda ahead of the agenda of America.  I can recall when he made the statement when first nominated by the President: I wish the President had nominated me to be Ambassador to Norway, because if they have something on the ballot--same-sex marriages or something like that--I might be able to influence it.  That, to me, demonstrated very clearly that he wanted to use this position to advance his own agenda and not the agenda of America.  I hasten to say, I would have the same feelings about any other appointment on any other issue. If David Duke were appointed and came to the conclusion he was going to use his militia interests as his motivation and his agenda more than America's agenda, I certainly would oppose that nomination in the same way. Notice is hereby served.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  