President, I will take a few minutes to share with the Senate something that has not been mentioned yet in this whole CTBT debate.  First of all, let me respond to a couple of things that were said by the last speaker who spoke in favor of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. I hate to be redundant, but I cannot let these things continue to go by. People will actually believe them when, in fact, they are not true.  The statement was made by one of the Senators that the Directors of the labs--the three energy labs--were in favor of this treaty. I listened to this, and yet we had them before our committee which I chair. They were very emphatic about their feelings. I am going to read to make sure the record reflects this.  Dr. Paul Robinson, one of the Directors, said:       The Treaty bans any ``nuclear explosion,'' but      unfortunately, compliance with a zero-yield requirement is      unverifiable. The limitations of verifiability introduce the      possibility of inconsistent observance of the ban under the      threshold of detectability.  The threshold of detectability is something that is there. What that means is, no matter what equipment we use, we are unable to detect certain tests that are underground under certain yields. This is a zero-yield test.  We kept hearing from the same individual yesterday that they can get onsite inspections. Onsite inspections are not assured. Under this treaty, it is very specific. Going back to Paul Robinson, the Director of Sandia Lab:       The decision to approve a request for an onsite inspection      must be made by an affirmative vote of at least 30 of the      51 members of the treaty organization's Executive Council.  I know there is supposedly some informal agreement that we in the United States would be a member of that executive council. I do not see anything in this treaty that says we are. We are putting our fate in the hands of some 30 nations, and we do not know at this point who those 30 nations will be.  I will quote further to get my point across, although the Senator was well meaning yesterday in making the comment this was endorsed by the Directors of the labs. I will quote Dr. Paul Robinson again. He was referring to himself and the Directors of the other two labs. I am talking about all three labs:       I and others who are or have been responsible for the      safety and reliability of the U.S. stockpile of nuclear      weapons have testified to this obvious conclusion many times      in the past. To forego that validation through testing is, in      short, to live with uncertainty.  He goes on to say:       If the United States scrupulously restricts itself to zero      yield while other nations may conduct experiments up to the      threshold of international detectability--  The one I just talked about--     we will be at an intolerable disadvantage.  We have to read that over and over because people are not getting that message.  The second thing he said was, what is the rush? This morning, I heard the President in his press conference of yesterday talk about the rush. Here is the President who has been saying over and over that he demands this come before this Senate and be acted upon by November of this year. Here it is. That is next month. We are doing exactly what he wanted. Yet now he wants to withdraw this treaty because he does not believe he has the votes for the ratification. I agree. He does not have the votes. It would shock me if he had the votes.  Yet we have had a chance for a very deliberative session. We have talked for hours and hours, some 22 hours of debate and committee activity on this subject. We are all very familiar with it.  I also suggest that any Member of the Senate who stands up now and says we should not be doing this and how unconscionable that we are considering something of this magnitude right now, any one of those Senators saying that had the opportunity, as the Senator from Illinois would have had the opportunity, to object to bringing it up because it was done so by unanimous consent.  The third thing they were talking about is how everyone is a strong supporter of this treaty. For the record, one more time, we have 6 former Secretaries of Defense and several former Directors of Central Intelligence, as well as some 13 former commanding generals, all of whom are in the Record right now, and I do not need to put it in again, I have already put that in the Record; also, the statement by Bill Cohen. There is no one for whom I have greater respect than my former colleague on the Senate Armed Services Committee, the former Senator Bill Cohen, now Secretary of Defense Bill Cohen.  But I had to remind him, during our committee meeting, that maybe now his attitude is different on some of these critical things because he is now working for the President. But what he said in September of 1992--and I remember when he said it when he was leading the fight to stop this type of a treaty; in fact, it is the same provisions--he said:       . . . [W]hat remains relevant is the fact that many of      these nuclear weapons which we intend to keep in our      stockpile for the indefinite future are dangerously unsafe.      Equally relevant is the fact that we can make these weapons      much safer if limited testing is allowed to be conducted. So,      when crafting our policy regarding nuclear testing, this      should be our principal objective: To make the weapons we      retain safe.       . . . The amendment that was adopted last week . . .  This is back in 1992, but this is the same language we are talking about today--     does not meet this test . . . [because] it would not permit      the Department of Energy to conduct the necessary testing to      make our weapons safe.  Here is the same Secretary of Defense, back when he was in the Senate, talking about the fact that our weapons are not safe. By the way, we had a chart that we showed of information that came from all three of the Energy labs which is in the Cloakroom right now, but we have used on the floor several times, showing specifically not one of the nine weapons in that arsenal meet the safety tests today. In other words, we have gone 7 years now without testing, and it has now taken its toll. We are having a problem. So anyway, that is very significant to remember those words of Secretary Cohen.  I have been asked the question by a number of people as to why I am so adamant about objecting to the unanimous consent request--and I do not care who makes it--to take this from the calendar and put it back into the Foreign Relations Committee.  I do so because there is something that has not even been discussed onthis floor yet; and that is, unless we kill it and actually reject this treaty by a formal action, the provisions of this treaty are going to remain somewhat in effect. In other words, we are going to have to comply with this treaty that has been signed--going back to a document of the Vienna Convention that was actually signed on May 23, 1969, but it did not become a part of the international law until January of 1980.  Article 18--and this is in effect today--says:       Obligation not to defeat the object and purpose of a treaty      prior to its entry into force.       A State is obliged to refrain from acts which would defeat      the object and purpose of a treaty when:       (a) it has signed the treaty or has exchanged instruments      constituting the treaty subject to ratification, acceptance      or approval, until it shall have made its intention clear not      to become a party to the treaty. . .  What that means is, we have this flawed treaty, this treaty that allows our adversaries to conduct underground tests. Yet while we cannot do it, we have to comply with this treaty, if we merely send it back to committee.  So I just want to make sure--I am going to read that again. This is from the Vienna Convention. This is something that we are a party to. It says--I will take out some of the other language--       A State is obliged to refrain from acts which would defeat      the object and purpose of a treaty when:       (a) it has signed the treaty or has exchanged instruments      constituting the treaty subject to ratification, acceptance      or approval, until it shall have made its intention clear not      to become a party to the treaty . . .  What that means is, we have this flawed treaty, this treaty that allows our adversaries to conduct underground tests; yet while we cannot do it, we have to comply with this treaty, if we merely send it back to committee.  So I just want to make sure--I am going to read that again. This is from the Vienna Convention. This is something that we are a party to. It says--I will take out some of the other language--       A State is obliged to refrain from acts which would defeat      the object and purpose of a treaty when:       (a) it has signed the treaty or has exchanged instruments      constituting the treaty subject to ratification, acceptance      or approval, until it shall have made its intention clear not      to become a party to the treaty . . .  How do you make your intentions clear? Under the Vienna Convention language, not to be a party to this treaty you have to vote it down. You have to bring this up for ratification and reject it formally on the floor of this Senate. To do anything other than that is to leave it alive and to force us to comply with this flawed treaty, which is a great threat to our safety in this country.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  