President, I rise today to discuss my legislation, S. 880, the Fuels Regulatory Relief Act, which passed Congress today, and according to the Administration should be signed into law shortly. This bill was passed in the Senate by unanimous consent on June 23, 1999, and passed by the House with amendments, on July 21, 1999.  I appreciate the speediness with which the House acted on this legislation and the support of my good friend Chairman Tom Bliley. Unfortunately the Senate is forced to act just as quickly on this legislation because of delays created by the administration. In early 1998, I raised concerns to the administration regarding the security risks posed by disseminating the worst-case scenario data on the Internet. The FBI agreed with my concerns. Despite the acknowledgment of the risks involved the administration did not cooperate with Congress to fix this problem until the eleventh hour.  Because of the urgency in passing this legislation I have decided that a conference would not be beneficial. While I agree with most of the changes incorporated in the House-passed version, due to the haste of their consideration, I feel the necessity to explain in more detail my view, as the lead sponsor, of one particular provision.  Section 3 of the act requires the ``Attorney General, and in consultation with appropriate State, local, and Federal governmental agencies, affected industry, and the public, shall review the vulnerability of covered stationary sources to criminal and terrorist activity, current industry practices regarding site security, and security of transportation of regulated substances.''  In carrying out this provision, I ask the Attorney General, in consulting with the Federal governmental agencies, to work with the Intelligence Community as well as the FBI. If any technical assistance regarding chemicals is needed I direct the Attorney General to work with the Department of Energy facilities, particularly the Hazardous Material Spill Center at the Nevada Test site and the Sandia laboratory in New Mexico. Regarding the transportation issues, the Attorney General should consult with the Department of Transportation. In addition, I would like to emphasize thatany confidential information or national security information should be closely safeguarded.  