 I think just about everything has been said here, but there are some concerns I have that I would state in a little different way than the Senator from New Hampshire has stated them.  One is that we have gone through an artificial downsizing that is not commensurate with the threat that is out there. The myth that has floated around that the cold war is over, there is no longer a threat, is something that finally the American people are waking up and realizing is not true. We are in the most threatened position today that we have been in probably in the history of this country, with the diverse types of opposition out there, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and abilities to transport those weapons.  So I say, one of the strongest arguments against a BRAC round at this time is, we have gone through four BRAC rounds. If we take the level of our infrastructure down to meet the level of the force strength, then when we start back up with the force strength, we will not have the infrastructure that is necessary.  So we need to be looking at our rebuilding process. It would be like going through extensive BRAC processes back in the late 1970s--right before rebuilding, which is imminent. We are going to have to do it with the new administration.  Secondly, as I think the Senator from New Hampshire articulated quite well, we are in a really severe situation right now in terms of readiness. Later on today I want a chance to elaborate on this and talk about the fact that we are now at approximately one-half the force strength that we were in 1991. In other words, we could not repeat our effort in the Persian Gulf war today.  This is being complicated by all these deployments to places where we should not be. We should never have sent a troop or any effort or any assets into Bosnia; we should not have done that in Kosovo or Albania, or to Haiti, for all practical purposes, because that dilutes the already scarce military assets we have.  I say this relates to this subject because we have a military system that is hemorrhaging today. This is not something that we can wait until later to take care of. As the Senator from New Hampshire pointed out, anything that comes from a BRAC round, a new BRAC round, is going to cost money, not save money.  Now is when we are going to have to try to do something with our readiness so that if General Hawley has to stand up and say something has happened either in the Pacific theater, North Korea, or the Persian Gulf, Iraq or Iran, we would be able to meet that. We cannot do that today. So this certainly would be ill-timed, even if you believe that it was a good idea to have future BRAC rounds.  I think also we need to look at the budget we are passing. I want to talk about the inadequacy of what we are talking about in our authorization bill. We are increasing by about $9 billion what the President's budget was. We have had testimony from the CINCs and from others in the field and from the four-stars that this is totally inadequate. We are going to have to have at least a minimum increase of $24 billion each year for approximately 6 years.  Lastly, I would like to remind everybody of what happened in the last round, I believe, in the BRAC process. I was elected to the House in 1986, and that is when we put this idea together. It was a Congressman from Texas, Dick Armey, who did it. The idea was to get politics out of the BRAC process. Through round 1 and round 2 and round 3, there were no politics involved. They were not political decisions; they were rational decisions.  However, in the last round--and we all know what happened; no one is going to question this--the President went out there prior to the 1996 election, to McClellan in California and to Kelly in Texas, in order to get votes and politicize the system.  You might say: Well, this is going to come along after he is gone. I am a little bit concerned about the fact that there is a possibility, a very outside possibility, that Al Gore will succeed him. That being the case, he was involved in politicizing this, too.  For those who believe we still have excess infrastructure, I would like to have you consider that maybe we should wait until we see what the new administration is going to look like, what kind of commitments are going to be made. As chairman of the committee that has oversight over the BRAC process, I suggest we wait and not pass this BRAC recommendation today.  Thank you, Mr. President.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bunning). The Senator from New Hampshire.  