President, I believe the current debate in Congress on the budget is the most important action Congress will take this year. The Republican budget proposals are indeed monumental. The debate over how we balance our Federal budget will have repercussions to State and local governments for years to come.  I agree with several things in the Republican budget plans. I agree we need to continue to reduce the deficit and achieve a balanced budget. The Federal deficit and its resulting interest payments on the growing national debt put a heavy drag on our economy. In 1990 and 1993, I cast politically unpopular votes that cut about $1 trillion from the projected deficit. Since 1992, the deficit has been reduced from $290 to $176 billion this year--a drop of one-third. And more savings must be made.  But as Ross Perot would say: ``The devil is in the details.'' How we balance the Federal budget is just as important as balancing it.  I am extremely disappointed that the Republican budget would reduce Medicare spending by the largest amount in history--$256 billion in the Senate version and $288 billion in the House.  These numbers are big, but what do they really mean to Vermonters? Under the Senate Republican budget proposal, the average Medicare spending per Vermont beneficiary would be reduced from today's level by over $4,000 over the next 7 years.  Over the next 7 years, Vermont will lose $339 million in Medicare funding, $79 million in the year 2002 alone. If this loss of funds is split 50-50 between Medicare recipients and providers, in the year 2002 Medicare beneficiaries will be paying about $500 in increased copayments, premiums, and deductibles. Hospitals, doctors, and other health care provides will be receiving $500 less from each Medicare recipient.  These reductions result from slowing the projected growth of Medicare to 7 percent a year instead of the projected increase of 10 percent a year. Some claim that these reductions are not really cuts. I fail to understand that logic.  For the 83,000 Vermonters on Medicare and in particular the 12 percent of Vermont seniors who live below the poverty level, does it make any difference what we call these reductions? Over the next 7 years, Vermont seniors, or the hospital, or the doctor will have to come up with over $4,000 to maintain their current level of benefits.  Ask the elderly couple that is retired and living on a fixed income if they can afford this slowing of growth? Ask the family down the road that has a grandparent who was just diagnosed with Alzehiemers whether they will be able to afford this slowing of growth? Ask the rural doctor who is already having trouble covering costs whether he or she can afford this slowing of growth?  Ask the typical rural hospital that currently receives only 91.5 cents on the dollar for the cost of each Medicare participant whether it can afford this slowing of growth. Ask the Vermonter with private health insurance that is currently paying that remaining 8.5 cents on every dollar on hospital costs alone due to cost shifting whether they can afford this slowing of growth?  The scariest part about the Senate Republican budget resolution is that it ignores the fact that it is not just Medicare costs that are rising. All health care costs are rising. And by just cutting Medicare--and Medicaid for that matter--a huge cost-shift of medical expenses will result and make sure that all Vermonters pay more for health care.  Vermonters need to realize that the magic number of $256 billion in the Senate and $288 billion in the House will do nothing for the long-term solvency of the Medicare trust fund. It extends the trust fund's life another 3 years from the current projection of it going broke in 2002. Since the first trustees' report in 1970, there always has been a date certain for the trust fund's insolvency. It is interesting to note that last year the insolvency date was projected at 2001, yet Republicans at that time saw no such urgency in shoring up the trust fund or dealing with the real problem of overall health care costs.  The Republican Medicare cuts are short-sighted. Simply cutting Medicare does not make its problems go away. To reduce Medicare costs, we must reduce health care costs throughout the system, which can only be achieved by true health care reform. But the Republicans have no plan to curb Medicare costs except to cut the program.  I hope in the coming months that Members from both sides of the aisle hammer out a plan to deal with the issue of comprehensive health care reform. But in the meantime, simply cutting Medicare is not the answer.  