President, I rise today to express my deep disappointment that funding for the Community Development Financial Institutions [CDFI] fund has been eliminated in the VA-HUD appropriations bill for fiscal year 1996.  The CDFI fund is an economic development initiative that was adopted with overwhelming bipartisan support several years ago. The program is a key priority for President Clinton, and an important investment tool for economically distressed communities. Unfortunately, partisan gamesmanship and shortsighted budget cutting will deny organizations around the country the opportunity to use this tool to better their own communities.  In a time of dwindling Federal resources, programs like CDFI that leverage private investment and stretch every Federal dollar, are more important than ever. The Fund is a small but very innovative program. For a modest $50 million budget, the fund could make a significant impact in communities struggling with unemployment and structural decline.  Investments from the fund would create new jobs, promote small business, restore neighborhoods, and generate tax revenues in towns desperate for community development. It is estimated that every $1 of fund resources would leverage $10 in non-Federal resources.  Equally important, is the fact that these dollars are controlled at the local level by financial institutions in the community which understand area needs and resources. Local control stimulates local investment as well. Area banks and local private donors are more willing to contribute to economic development when they can see the results in their own communities.  The CDFI fund has caught the interest of many community development organizations across the Nation. Already, over 1,500 groups have requested information about the fund, and informational seminars that have been held or are planned are expected to attract over 600 potential applicants. This bill leaves those organizations out in the cold.  Slashing investment in jobs and infrastructure is no way to balance the budget. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this bill.  