President, I know that the distinguished manager of the bill is waiting for other matters to be brought up. I am just going to speak very briefly on a matter that will be coming up this morning.  There will be a debate on what level of funding we have for the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. There is no question in my mind that some would like to eliminate both of them. Some have said this will be a trophy on their wall if this new Congress were to eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts and eliminate the National Endowment for the Humanities.  It will not be stated quite that way. There will not be a vote up or down on the floor of the Senate or the floor of the House to eliminate them this year because this would not pass. What it would be is a case of dramatically cutting their budgets this year, dramatically cutting their budgets next year and then, like the Cheshire cat in ``Alice in Wonderland,'' it will disappear, only the smile will be there--and not even that. In fact, something other than a smile will be there. There will be the disappointed faces of the people in the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont, in the little towns of Vermont that have had art brought to them in a way that they never could have otherwise except for the National Endowment for the Arts.  These are the towns, Mr. President, when Vermont celebrated its bicentennial, where the Vermont Symphony Orchestra, an orchestra that has received grants from the national endowments, was able to perform in every one of the communities of Vermont. Some of these communities are 38 people. Victory, VT, has 38 people. Burlington, VT, our largest community, has 38,000. It is 1,000 times larger and still one of the smallest communities in the country. But at the very least, at the very least, a soloist was at each one of them, and some of them the whole symphony orchestra was there.  This might not seem like much for those of us who are literally able to walk from here to the Kennedy Center or Constitution Hall or a number of other places to hear wonderful symphonies or watch great plays or listen to some of the noted historians or writers of our country. But we sit here, making nearly $135,000 a year, able to walk downtown and see anything we want. While these small towns in the Northeast Kingdom, with a per capita income that is one of the lowest in the country, if they are going to see it, it will be with the help of the national endowments, either the arts or the humanities.  The same can be said in all 50 of our States. Historians who have written, educators who have gotten their views to a wider audience through the National Endowment for the Humanities. Art that was available at one time in this country only to the monied and intellectually gifted elite, is now available to all of us. Suddenly those who considered themselves the elite, find that perhaps they were not as knowledgeable as those who had been closed off from the arts before.  We are, as I said, in other areas, the most wealthy, powerful Nation on Earth. Are we going to be the only major Nation on Earth that does not give support to its arts, does not give support to its humanities? I have heard Americans stand up so many times and say, ``I am an American. We know what is best.'' And we look at people from other countries, whatever country you want to fill in, and say, ``Boy, if they only had the advantages we do.''  But so many times, these people have the advantages of much more ancient cultures. They have the advantage of the arts and the humanities that are helped by their governments, by their countries. This is not a case where we are talking about the Government somehow sponsoring or directing the arts and humanities. It is all of us, because all of us are the Government--260 million Americans. And we can say to our elected representatives, we want as much of the great arts and the great humanities and the great thinkers and the great geniuses of our country available to all of us as Americans. Whether we live in the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont or in metropolitan New York City or in Los Angeles or in a tiny town in Oklahoma, we can all have it available, at least to the extent possible. And in areas where we are going into wider access, with the Internet on through, we should be encouraging even more.  Now, Mr. President, does that mean that every single artist ever helped, every single writer ever helped, every single musician ever helped is going to be somebody I agree with, or the distinguished Presiding Officer or the distinguished manager of the bill agrees with? Absolutely not. Absolutely not, just as I suspect that during the era of DeMedici, there are those who said that the Michelangelos and the DaVincis and the others of the era did things that they did not agree with.  I think some of the people who even today criticize some of the great American novels of our country, those of Mark Twain and others--we know the reaction in Ireland to James Joyce's writings. We know the reaction in other parts of the world to writings that are now considered classics. We think of the scandal of the Goya nudes. We think of the scandals and the reaction against paintings of people like Van Gogh, who died in poverty. Yet, now we look at them and say what great steps forward. And ``Guernica,'' Picasso's great cry against the evils of fascism, when that first came out people said, ``That is terrible.'' Now whenever displayed, everybody lines up to see it.  So what I am saying, Mr. President, is our country is marked as much not just by our strength and our manufacturing, not just by our strength of the military, not even by the strength of the security of our unprotected but impregnable borders; our strength is also in our ideas, our art, and our accessibility of them to all of us. Not to some ivory-towered intellectual elite, because we are a country that has never put great stock in that. We are a country that puts great stock in our people, all our people. We must continue to make the arts and humanities available to all our people.  I see my distinguished colleague from Vermont and I tell him that when I started speaking, there was nobody seeking recognition. I thought perhaps we could start this up. So I will yield the floor.  