I say to my friend that, if we wanted to simply pass a continuing resolution to have the Government continue, we could do that in a one sentence--in one sentence say we will continue the expenditures at whatever percentage until such a time as the appropriations bills are passed. But instead we have not done what the public is led to believe with a simple continuing resolution. But every single piece of special interest legislation that can be packed on in the back room somewhere with no debate. That is what this continuing resolution is. It is a continuing resolution that rewrites the farm bill. It rewrites our education bill. It rewrites health, and does all these things with no hearings, no votes--done in a back room.  Why not do what the American people pay us to do? Bring up each of the appropriations bills, and in those if they want to cut out the money for education and star schools or anything else, then have a vote so that people can look and say, ``This Senator voted for the education bill. This Senator voted against the education bill. Here is their reason.'' Be accountable. But no. We do not do it.  If we are going to have star wars to defend against the Soviet Union, for those who have not been reading the newspapers and do not understand where the Soviet Union is today, then at least have a vote on it. Vote to spend hundreds of millions of dollars of our tax dollars, or vote against it. But stand up and be accountable.  What we are doing is saying we will take care of all these special interests. We will get rid of all these things people might want. But there will not be any fingerprints on them.  It makes me think of the days when I was a prosecuting attorney, and we would come in and realize the burglar had worn gloves. That is what happened here. The burglar is wearing gloves.  I have cast a lot of votes that I knew would be unpopular in this body in the last 20 years. But I am willing to stand up and do them. This is something being done by people who do not even have to vote. Let us vote on it. If we are going to fund a B-2 bomber, vote on it.  