The House originally had two. Then they end up with one. An unnecessary and dangerous antitrust law change is in the conference report on budget reconciliation.  Again, I do not know where it came from. It did not come from hearings or debate, and it certainly did not come from any votes on the Senate floor. I am not aware that it came from any votes on the House floor.  Yet in proposed new subsection (f), of proposed new section 1853 to the Social Security Act, as contained in section 8001 of title 8 of the Budget Reconciliation Conference Report, in a special antitrust rule and change in our antitrust policy.  What it does is this: It exempts certain groups of doctors and other health care providers from the so-called per se rule against price fixing in our antitrust laws.  The conference report does omit the heading ``Special Antitrust Rule For Provider Service Networks''--originally the House-passed bill actually had a heading and flagged the change --they took the heading out, but they left a rewrite of the section in. Maybe because this reconciliation bill is so long and filled with so many special interest gimmicks and gimmies and giveaways, maybe they thought that if you take the headings off, people will not know they are there. But it is still there as a subsection.  It attempts to enact a special antitrust rule for groups of health care providers. It provides that the conduct of members of a group of health care providers, such as doctors, in ``negotiating, making, and performing a contract--including the establishment and modification of fee schedule--'' with a provider-sponsored organization for services under a MedicarePlus plan cannot be subject to the per se rule against price fixing.  Basically, it says, go ahead and agree on whatever you want because we will make it harder for anyone to prove that you are violating the antitrust laws. You are on your own.  Instead of the per se rule that is usually applied to stop price fixing, the only antitrust rule that can be applied is to consider and test the conduct based on its ``reasonableness, taking into account all relevant factors affecting competition, in properly defined markets''.  This is changing one of the most basic rules of antitrust law, changing it in a little special gimmie or giveaway provision, tucked in the reconciliation bill for whatever special interest wrote it. It changes the rule from the one that applies to competitors throughout the rest of the economy and that works to protect competition and consumers.  The antitrust law treats a very limited category of conduct as per se unlawful. That is reserved for naked restraints, that is, those that are inherently harmful to competition without conferring offsetting benefits. The classic example, Madam President, I say to my colleagues, is an agreement among competitors to fix the price of the products or services they sell when the agreement is not reasonably necessary to the operation of an efficiency-enhancing joint venture.  In fact, seeing my friend from Arizona on the floor, I would refer to the Supreme Court decision Arizona v. Maricopa County Medical Society, 457 U.S. 332 (1982). In that case, the Supreme Court held that a group of competing doctors who agreed on the maximum price at which they would sell their services to insurers without substantially integrating, that is, without becoming partners or joint venturers that share financial risk, was engaged in per se illegal price fixing.  Madam President, I am advised the leadership would like to make an unanimous consent request, and I yield for that.  