President, I want to congratulate the Chairman, the senior Senator from Washington, for doing an outstanding job on a very difficult bill. There are many divisive issues that lend themselves to one-sided partisanship in the interior appropriations bill. Senator Gorton presided over a balanced and responsible bill that maintained our commitment to good government and saved more than $1 billion. I want to commend him for his excellent work and thank him for the integrity and fairness of his efforts.  I also want to thank Senator Byrd, whose wisdom, experience and fairness is a perennial asset in putting this bill together. I am very grateful for the bipartisanship represented in this bill, and look forward to working with the Chairman and the ranking member as we go to conference.  There are a few programs that I want to highlight that were served very well by the Chairman, such as the National Biological Survey (NBS). Some interest groups and Members of Congress use the NBS as a hook to hang all sorts of fears and frustrations about natural resource management. In fact, the NBS is not comprised of new money, new employees, or new research objectives. It is simply a consolidated collection of all the research that has been going on for decades assembled under one, non-regulatory agency so that science can be served well. Chairman Gorton and Senator Byrd also took fair and balanced positions on endangered species act funding, the water institutes, the Appalachian Trail, the Park Service, and Federal land acquisition.  I want to thank the managers of the bill for making changes to the AmeriCorps language at the request of Senator Murray and myself. I also appreciate their willingness to work with me on the National Endowment for the Arts and on the Stewardship Incentive Program. I believe the revised language for the ecosystem management objectives for the eastern Oregon and Washington is also a valuable improvement.  Finally, I want to express some disappointments that I wish we could have improved. In particular, I was sorry to see such substantial cuts in the weatherization program which is so important to frost belt states like my native state of Vermont. While the Senate mark is higher than the House, it still respresents a cut that will have a significant impact in Vermont. I hope in conference we can protect the Senate funding. I had also hoped to see stronger funding for Historic Preservation, the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation and the National Capital Arts and Cultural Affairs program. Vermont leverages $28 for every Federal historic preservation dollar with our Main Street program. I was disappointed by a complete elimination of the Land and Water Conservation Fund State grant program and the 50 percent cut in the Forest Legacy program. Both of these items are critically important to my State. Lastly, I wish we could have continued our efforts to restore the Atlantic Salmon to the Connecticut River with a buy-out of foreign fishermen who harvest our hatchery stock on the high seas.  Nonetheless, as a former subcommittee Chairman myself, I am well aware that the Chairman and ranking member cannot make good on every request, especially in times like these. I hope that they will bear in mind my thoughts as we go to conference with the House. I want to thank both the managers for their leadership and congratulate them again on a difficult but successful Interior Appropriations bill.  