President, 2 weeks ago I spent a crisp Monday morning at Claude Bourbeau's farm in St. Albans, VT, with Secretary Dan Glickman and a number of Vermont dairy farmers. I wanted to give him a chance to visit with some hard-working honest folks who will be severely affected by this budget bill.  Many of those farmers are concerned about this budget. I am too. I told the farmers that they lose thousands of dollars a year in revenue under the Senate Republican plan.  I asked the farmers, ``Which of you could afford a cut like that?'' Not a single hand went up.  It turns out that I was underestimating the impact when I was in Vermont. Just this morning, the Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute and Texas A&M University released a new study.  This new, independent study says that under the Senate Republican plan, a typical 70-cow dairy farmer in Vermont would see net cash income fall by $9,050--from $31,120 to $22,070--in the next year. The House Republican plan is even worse--it would cost a typical farmer $17,850. Farm income would decline from $31,120 in 1995 to $13,270 in 1996. Under these plans, typical dairy farmers will lose 30 to 60 percent of their annual incomes. These farmers are already working dawn to dusk just to get by.  These numbers are consistent with a new analysis that USDA released a couple of days ago.  When those farmers in St. Albans hear how bad these cuts are, they will be stunned.  This budget is a war on rural America in many ways.  Over 27,000 working families in Vermont alone will see their taxes increase because the Republicans are scaling back the earned income tax credit.  The typical rural hospital will lose $5 million a year or more in Medicare. In rural Vermont, doctors and hospitals will lose $290 million in Medicare funds. I am afraid that doctors will simply abandon the small towns.  Schools in rural Vermont will lose $1.2 million in education funding. Our schools cannot afford that kind of hit.  Republicans want to create giant tax breaks for rich people and big corporations. The average rural family is not wealthy enough to benefit from the Republican budget. In Vermont, 63 percent of taxpayers earn less than $30,000--those are the people who will see their taxes increase.  According to Congressional Research Service, over half of all heads of households working in the agricultural sector qualify for the earned income tax credit, which Republicans cut.  In 1994, 328,000 farm families qualified for the EITC. Many of these were farm laborers, but 100,000 were farm operators and managers. Over one-third of all farm operators and managers nationwide will see their taxes increase under this Republican budget.  This Nation's farmers are struggling, and this budget says to them, ``Tough luck.''  The Finance Committee cut the EITC but it passed over $200 billion in tax breaks. Most of those tax breaks will benefit families earning over $100,000 a year. Only 3 percent of rural households earn that kind of money.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  