President, we are now, really, beginning debate on the proposed amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  I think before we propose to alter our fundamental charter of freedom, in fact, the blueprint for our representative democracy, I believe that we need to each step back from the political passions of the moment. We are debating a constitutional amendment, not just a political slogan or plank of a campaign platform or partisan win or loss or something that is supposed to fit on a bumper sticker. This is the Constitution. This is the bedrock of 200 years of the greatest democracy history has ever known. This is the standard set for the most powerful Nation on earth, the most powerful democracy ever imagined in history.  And even though we have very, very carefully amended this Constitution over the past 200 years--rarely amending, because we know that our whole democracy is built on it--suddenly the floodgates open. We have in the first 3 weeks of this new Congress 75 proposed amendments to the Constitution--75 proposed amendments. Can you imagine what the Founders of this country would think if they actually thought that in 1 year 75 proposed amendments would be here? Seventy-five.  The Founders of our country assumed that maybe once every several generations there might be some huge matter so necessary to amend the Constitution. Nobody ever assumed 75 proposals would come rushing in.  The House has passed one. It is not the extreme version supported by the House Republican leadership, but they still passed one. The Senate Judiciary Committee sent a companion measure to the full Senate for consideration.  Indeed, we have a backlog of proposed constitutional amendments in the Judiciary Committee. After a single day's hearing, we have two constitutional amendments to limit congressional terms on the committee's next agenda. There was also a hearing on another important topic, line-item veto, on which are pending four more constitutional amendments.  The proposals for constitutional amendments already introduced in this [[Page S1807]] Congress range from the so-called balanced budget amendments--incidentally, there are at least three Senate versions, six versions considered by the House--to congressional term limit amendments, line-item veto amendments, school prayer amendments, retroactive tax amendments, and we are about to receive a proposed amendment to the first amendment regarding the American flag.  I have not seen an amendment to rewrite the taking clause of the fifth amendment, but when you look at the revised name of the subcommittee, the Subcommittee on the Constitution, Federalism and Property Rights, you have to assume it is not far away.  Some of these constitutional amendments call for proposed ratification through the State legislatures, but others demand a constitutional convention be convened.  There is a feeling, I guess, that we can do far better by convening one than those who wrote the original Constitution--Madison, Hamilton, Franklin, Morris, and Washington--that we can now do much better. They did not have the advantage of radio talk shows, I guess, or multi-million-dollar political consultants.  I have to ask, with a new majority in both the House and the Senate, what are their plans for rewriting our Constitution? Why the sudden need to change our 200-year Constitution? Do they want to have a host of constitutional amendments come forward or one, two, or five or six? Enough.  The Constitution is a good document. It is not a sacred text, but it is as good a law as has been written. That is why it survived as the supreme law of this land for over 200 years with few alterations. It is binding us together rather than tearing us apart.  Look at the great compromise in the Constitution that allowed small States and large States to join together in a spirit of mutual accommodation and respect, an amazing step, not done because of the passions of the moment, but by great thinkers in this country. And it has stood the test of time. It gives meaning to our inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It requires due process, it guarantees equal protection under the law, it protects our freedom of thought and expression, our freedom to worship or not to worship as we choose, and our political freedoms as well. It is the basis for our fundamental right of privacy and for limiting Government's intrusions and burdens in our lives.  I worry that we are so bent on moving so rapidly, as though we are passing some kind of an amendment to a minor bill, that we can not fully debate this amendment. That is not the way the Constitution should be amended.  I have to oppose what I perceive to be a growing fascination with laying waste to our Constitution and the protections that have served us well for over 200 years.  The first amendment--the separation of powers, the powers of the purse--these should be supported and defended. It is the oath we all swore when we entered service in this great and historic Chamber. That is our duty, not only to the Senate and the American people today, but to those who forged this great document, our responsibility to those who sacrificed to protect and defend our Constitution, often times laying down their lives to do it, and our commitment to our constituents today, and our legacy to those who will succeed us in this body.  In this constitutional amendment to try to balance the budget, there is added irony. The Republican Party has assumed majority status in both the House of Representatives and the Senate. They control the legislative agenda. They can pass any budget they want. We are talking about a two-thirds vote amendment, a constitutional amendment to balance the budget in the year 2002. It only takes 50 percent plus 1 to pass a balanced budget today. There are far more Republicans than that. There are a majority of Republicans in the House and the Senate. They could pass a balanced budget tomorrow if they wanted and not have to fiddle with our Constitution and say, ``Maybe in the next century, the next millennium, in the year 2002, whoever is standing will do it for us.''  They want to balance the budget, eliminate the deficits, start paying off the debt, including the huge debt of the Reagan years. The Republican majority could do that by a simple majority vote in both Houses of Congress in a matter of days.  I think that would show the leadership necessary. Instead, having taken over the majority, they propose a constitutional amendment which basically says we cannot trust the majority in the House and the Senate. There is somewhat of an irony here, Mr. President. If they really trust themselves, let us pass one right now.  I am concerned that we are too ready to seek what appears to be the quick fix. The Constitution cannot be amended by sound bite. Supermajority requirements undercut our constitutional democracy. They evidence distrust not only of our Constitution but of the people who sent us here.  Proposed amendments to our fundamental charter require consideration whether they are, in the language of article V of the Constitution, constitutionally necessary. I hope that we are not going to burden the public or the States with a hodgepodge of poll-driven, popular-sounding constitutional amendments at some helter-skelter pace to beat some artificial deadline.  I hope that we will fulfill our responsibilities, not only in our individual committees, but in the bodies of both the House and the Senate, to have fair and open discussion.  I have studied the so-called balanced budget amendment. I have summarized 10 reasons to oppose the proposed constitutional amendment in my supplemental minority views contained in the Senate Report No. 104-5. I will have occasion to speak to these and other reasons during the course of our debate.  I urge my colleagues to consider the views of Senators Biden, Heflin, and Kyl; the minority views, including those of Senators Kennedy and Feingold; the hearings of Senators Byrd and Hatfield on this last year. These are, in my view, essential background for this debate.  Let us take a look at this. Let us turn away from what appears to be a closed shop on this issue. Let us turn back from this path before partisan bickering and legislative gridlock overwhelm us to the detriment of the American people. In the U.S. Senate, of all places, we should not be afraid to have ideas debated, openly debated and voted on. Let us not resort to tabling motions on amendments, which allow you to be on both sides of an issue; but let us vote straight up or down. You do not come here to vote maybe, you come to vote yes or no. That is what we should do.  Our distinguished Judiciary Committee chairman has called this the most important matter that we will consider this year. I agree with him, but let us offer amendments and vote on their merits instead of engaging in procedural shortcuts.  There will be much more said. But, Mr. President, I come from a family that has revered the Constitution. I grew up with a father who told me how important it was because it protected the rights of not only the majority but of the minority.  I came from a family that found itself in the early part of this century in a religious minority and most of its life in a political minority in our State. But we knew the protections were always there. We knew they were always there for everybody. We knew we had a Constitution that stood the test of time. That was strong, that could be changed only by great effort, and only when there was an extreme need in the Nation to do so.  Mr. President, that is the philosophy with which I grew up. It is neither a liberal nor conservative philosophy. It is an American philosophy. I hope we hold to it.  I yield the floor, and I understand under the previous order that it would go to the Senator from Minnesota.  