President, I will just repeat what I said a couple of times here on the floor. We talk about who is at fault in these various things, in the impasse we have that has furloughed so many hard-working people. I could not help but think the other day, when I heard the Speaker of the House talking about the kind of discipline they now have in the House and how they are able to move, ``We told the American people we would do certain things and by golly we are doing them right on time''--et cetera.  One of the things they did was take over control of both bodies. And one of the things you are supposed to do, and get paid to do, is to pass appropriations bills on time--for example, all 13 by the end of the fiscal year in September. What they have not told the American people is that you have hired us to run the Congress, pay us over $130,000 a year to do that, but we failed to get our work done on time in September. We passed and had signed into law only two of the 13 appropriations bills. Today there are only about 4 of the 13 that have been signed into law. That is why we are debating what kind of continuing resolution we might have.  I cannot remember a time in my 21 years here--and I have been in the Senate, first under Democratic leadership and then under Republican leadership then under Democratic leadership and then under Republican leadership--I cannot remember a time that the Congress has been so derelict in passing and getting signed into law our appropriations bills. That is what has happened. That is why we are in the problem we are in.  Every appropriations bill begins in the other body. It is the other body that has a Speaker who talks of the tremendous control he has over the House and tells us how, now that we have this Contract With America, there is a new majority ruling and they will run things. They ought to at least run the trains on time.  The fact of the matter is, they were a dismal failure in just passing the legislation that Members of Congress are supposed to pass every year. There are certain things we have to do. You raise the flag up on the roof when you go into session. You turn the lights on. You show up for work. And you pass the appropriations bills.  Nobody has been over here filibustering the appropriations bills. Yet, probably it is the most dismal record of passing bills in anybody's memory in Congress. I think they virtually guaranteed we would have this shutdown. I can remember some years we might have gotten 10 of the 13 passed and we had to have a continuing resolution for a week or two, into October, to get the other 2 or 3 passed. But to have nine of them not passed by now? To have nine when you are 6 weeks past the date? If anybody was running a business and had employees who were that tardy, they would fire them all. They would fire them all.  Then we hear on some of the things when he finally does take an interest, when the Speaker has taken an interest--he has taken an interest in one thing, in the farm programs. He has announced to the Senate, which passed a dairy compact 2-to-1, he is just going to take that out. It does not affect his little district in Georgia so, even though it affects all the Northeast, he is just going to take it out. All New England--he is just going to take it out, regardless of the fact the Senate passed it 2 to 1 with Republican and Democratic majorities on it. He will just take it out. He says next time around he will take out anything else that affects us.  Frankly, I would be happy to have the Speaker of the House come up to Vermont and see how hard dairy farmers work. In fact, I guarantee, so he will be in a good mood, he can ride in the front of the airplane and he can come out the front door of the airplane. We will have somebody greet him there. While he will not have the chauffeurs and bodyguards he might have here, I will personally drive him. He can ride right up front. We will give him an ice cream cone and give him anything else he wants. We will make sure we give great attention and deference to him, talk to him whenever he wants. I will shine his shoes, do whatever he feels is his due. He should come up and see just how hard farmers work in Vermont.  He should come up and see how hard farmers work in Vermont. He should come up and see how hard a lot of other people work in Vermont. He should see how hard the Immigration and Naturalization Service works in Vermont for all of us, Republicans and Democrats, and independents alike. He should see how hard the people who run our Forest Service work in Vermont, the people who have been furloughed because of temper tantrums over where he may sit on the airplane. He should see how hard the people work who have to pay the mortgage, have to pay the tuition, and have to pay the children's dental bills. He should see how hard they work, those people now without a job because under his control and his leadership, the majority control, we have one of the most dismal records of passing appropriations bills that I can remember in my 21 years here.  During that whole time I have never, during Democratic Presidents, Republican Presidents, seen the Congress so lax in doing what we are paid $133,000 a year to pass the bills that keep this Government running.  You could vote to change this way or that way. They have the majority. They can pass them in any form they want. But at least pass them. Do it. Get it passed. There has never been a situation like this.  So, in case you start wondering who is at fault, are we at fault? Is the Government closing down because the Speaker did not get the seat he wanted on Air Force One? Most of this country would feel pretty privileged to ride on Air Force One, if they just wanted to go to a funeral or something. Are we closing the Government down for that? Apparently, that is one reason. But the biggest reason even predates that. The biggest reason is people are supposed to keep these things running, and they did not get things done on time. They did not get their work done in time. They have not completed their work, and there we stand.  So I have heard those who are speaking here. The distinguished Senator from South Carolina, former Governor of his State, a good friend, Senator Hollings, made a very good point here.  I simply close with this, Mr. President. Let us not talk about gamesmanship. Let us stop trying to say who is up in the polls this day, who is up in the polls tomorrow, who is going to be running in this Presidential primary, who is going to be running in that, and who is going to have their face on Time, or Newsweek, or U.S. News this week, or who is going to be on there next week. Let us at least do the Government's business. We will vote different ways on different issues. Republicans will vote differently than Democrats on some, and different Democrats will vote differently than each other. Some Republicans will vote differently than each other. But at least get the bills up and get them passed.  Let us do the things we are hired to do. Let us at least pass the basic bills that run the Government as we are hired to do. The new majority may well change what they think the priorities are with the Government. They have the right to do that. But at least get it done.  This is sort of like having somebody who is going to repair the roof on your house before the thunderstorm comes, and they keep coming to you every day and saying, ``We will be there. We will be there. Keep paying us. You paid us to fix the roof. We will get there someday. We will get there someday.'' In the meantime, thunderstorms come.  I ask my friend from North Dakota, is that not so?  