 First, let me say that I believe strongly that supplemental funds for the Department of Defense should be offset with defense rescissions. Domestic and foreign affairs funds should not be used to cover defense costs. I do understand, however, that these rescissions were made in anticipation of a difficult conference with the House.  The $172 million in foreign operations rescissions that were presented to the Appropriations Committee would have come entirely from sub-Saharan Africa. I was very concerned about the impact this would have on the world's neediest people, and discussed my concerns with Senator McConnell. I want to thank him for working with me to modify the rescissions in a way that protects our bilateral aid programs in Africa.  I do support the $62 million rescission from the African Development Fund. Those funds were appropriated last year with the explicit caveat that the fund make significant management reforms. It has not done so. Perhaps this rescission will get their attention.  That leaves $110 million. All of it would have been taken from the Agency for International Development's programs in Africa. Those funds are used to support basic health and nutrition, AIDS prevention, child survival, basic education, agriculture research, and programs to promote free markets and free elections. These are programs that Republicans and Democrats strongly support, as do the American people, because they often make the difference between life and death for people facing starvation, political violence, or deadly diseases we can cure.  The rescission, as initially proposed, would have meant that our aid to Africa, which already amounts to only about $1 per person, would bear the total burden of these cuts. That I could not accept.  Senator McConnell and I have worked together to modify the foreign operations rescissions to protect AID's programs in Africa. I appreciate his willingness to find a compromise.  Rather than take the money from the Development Fund for Africa, the amendment we have coauthored, which is also cosponsored by Senator Lautenberg, would rescind $70 million from the International Development Association; $13 million from the Development Assistance Fund; $18 million from the former Soviet Republics, of which at least $12 million must come from Russia; and $9 million from Eastern Europe.  Let me say that I wish we did not have to rescind any of this money. These are all programs I support, and I hope we can reduce some of these cuts in conference. I especially hope that we can find alternatives to cutting so much from IDA, since these are commitments made by the U.S. Government and this cut will only add to our arrears.  But faced with this difficult choice, I wanted to be sure that the cuts did not fall on the backs of the poorest people. That is the reason for this amendment.  Mr. McCONNELL. Madam President, I am joined today by Senators Leahy, Lautenberg, and Jeffords, in amending the foreign operations rescissions package. When the committee decided to move forward with rescissions I requested a listing of the unobligated balances in our international affairs accounts. I learned that the three largest accounts which have been slow to spend their resources are those committed to the Middle East, the New Independent States, and the Development Fund for Africa.  It is my view that contributing to the economic and political stability in the NIS is a vital interest of the United States in the post-cold-war world. Although many of the specific programs for the NIS have been plagued by difficulties, I am reluctant to send the signal that Congress is abandoning its commitment to the region. The House rescission which reflected a 10 percent cut to the region's unobligated balances might send just such a message.  The troop housing project is obviously troubled. We have held a number of hearings to review whether it is, in any way, meeting the defined objectives. We had expected the program to offer incentive to remove troops from the Baltics, build housing where there was an acute shortage, generate jobs in the construction sector, and expand private home ownership--I think there is consensus that it has failed on virtually all accounts. Nevertheless, I would prefer to see the funds for the project reprogrammed rather than cut out altogether.  As an alternative to the House provisions, Senator Leahy and I are offering a modest reduction in the NIS account with a requirement that two-thirds of the resources are drawn from the Russia projects.  This was a direct and determined response to the situation in Chechnya. A few weeks ago when the administration decided to offer $20 million in relief to Chechnya, we learned that they planned to draw some of the funding from Armenia, Georgia, and other regional emergency accounts. I see no purpose in punishing those countries to compensate for Russian outrages in Chechnya. The requirement that two-thirds of the rescissions from the NIS account be drawn from Russian programs is intended to reinforce that message.  The second large account with unobligated balances had a direct affect on the Middle East peace process. Again, I think our interests dictated that we not take any action that could disrupt our commitment to stability and the peace process. Consequently, I was unwilling to draw down this account to support rescissions.  I relied on the third account, the Africa Development Fund for two reasons--the slow spending rate and the fact that the fund is complemented by an array of other accounts that contribute to Africa development. In addition to the DFA, we contribute to the Africa Development Foundation, the Africa Development Fund, the Africa Development Bank, and the International Development Association.  After discussions with my colleagues, I have agreed to shift the burden of rescissions from the bilateral Africa program where we have more confidence and opportunity to assure United States interests are addressed to the International Development Association which I view as less responsive to United States goals.  [[Page S3595]] The rescissions Senator Leahy and I are offering, continue our support for vital American interests while addressing our common concerns about reducing our deficit. With this Congress we have new responsibilities to reduce the deficit. I plan to make sure that our foreign aid program contributes to the process of downsizing the Government and our debt.  This rescissions proposal is the first step in a series of difficult choices which lie ahead. Foreign aid can and should serve U.S. national economic and political interests. When and where it fails to meet that test, I guarantee my colleagues that the funds will be rescinded, reprogrammed, or reduced.  