President, in some ways parody is becoming reality. I refer to the debate that is going on in the telecommunications conference over how we are to impose Government regulation over constitutionally protected speech on the Internet.  Last year, the magazine PC Computing published an April Fool's parody. Let me tell you a little bit about it. It said that I introduced a bill, No. 040194--for April 1, 1994--to ban drinking on the information superhighway. According to the article, this bill that I supposedly introduced would prohibit anybody from using a public computer network while intoxicated. They also said there was a rider on this bill to make it ``a felony to discuss sexual matters on any public access network, including the Internet, America Online, and CompuServe.'' Senators were chided for thinking there is a physical highway and that a permit was required to ``drive'' a modem on the information highway. The article noted that complaints about the imaginary bill are ``getting nowhere'' because ``who wants to come out and support drunkenness and computer sex?''  The parody concludes on a gloomy note, with the following words:       There is nothing to stop this bill from becoming law. You      can register your protests with your Congressperson or Ms.      Lirpa Sloof in the Senate Legislative Analyst's Office. Her      name spelled backwards says it all.  I enjoy using a computer, as a lot of us do, but sometimes some who use them do not have a tremendous sense of humor, just as some Members of Congress do not. They did not notice that the name spelled backward is ``April fools.'' The bill number was April 1, 1994. It should have told somebody something. But some actually thought this was real, and I started getting calls over the phone and messages over the Internet to my office saying, ``What are you doing about this drunk driving on the information superhighway bill?'' But that was then, and that was a joke. Today, unfortunately for all Internet users, the debate taking place in the telecommunications conference about imposing far-reaching new crimes for indecent speech over the Internet is not a parody but very real.  The conferees have been meeting and going over this enormous task determining how parts of telecommunications would work, how you regulate cable operators, wireless systems, and how you protect universal service. You would think they would not have time to look at something like cyberporn, but that seems to be one major consideration they have. Even though there are no members of the Senate Judiciary Committee at that conference, they are trying to figure out how to make new Federal crimes as part of the telecommunications bill.  The Senate, of course, passed the Exon-Coats Communications Decency Act, which would punish with a 2-year jail term any Internet user who posted a message with indecent language or used a four-letter word in a message to a minor. As originally written, it would make it illegal to receive indecent material whether or not the user knew the material was indecent at the time he downloaded it. Service providers would also risk criminal liability and fines for their subscribers' use of indecent language.  Now, we have to ask ourselves if this makes such sense. We saw what happened in Vermont last week. A Vermonter from Underhill, VT, found that her personal profile on America Online had been deleted. She asked why it was deleted and was told it was because vulgar words were used on it. So she checked to see what was the vulgar word. The word ``breast'' was used. Why? Because she was a breast cancer survivor and was using America Online to correspond with other breast cancer survivors. So, this word came up and because of hypersensitivity over Congress being worried about words used on the Internet, she was yanked off. This is ridiculous in this day and age.  One wonders if, in the future, recipes for chicken cacciatore sent online will only call for dark meat to avoid using the ``B-'' word.  We should understand there are plenty of laws on the books that apply to the Internet by banning obscenity, child pornography and threats from being a distributed. What we are talking about is regulating constitutionally protected speech. One proposal under consideration by the conference would impose penalties on anybody who transmits protected speech if it is considered indecent.  In addition to effectively banning indecent speech, the conference is considering proposals to impose criminal liability on both the speakers of indecent content as well as online service providers. The result would be to draft the service providers into the role of Net police. Service providers like America Online and Prodigy, telephone companies providing modem connections, and libraries and schools hooking our Nation's children up to this brilliant new medium would face the risk of being fined and even jailed.  To avoid liability, service providers, libraries, and schools would bear the onus of asserting complicated defenses to prosecution. The implications of being hauled into court in the first place--especially for schools and libraries--should not go unnoticed. Many providers will seek to avoid the risk of litigation altogether by censoring all online speech to that appropriate for kindergarten children, or refusing to serve children at all.  These extreme proposals on the table in the telecommunications conference would leave online communications in a severely disadvantaged position in our society. While Newsweek magazine's recent cover story trumpeted the vision of the computer mogul Bill Gates, the U.S. Congress is simultaneously poised to shut down this new medium and vastly change the landscape of the information age. We must stop being paternalistic Luddites and embrace our new communications potential.  Because indecency means very different things to different people, an unimaginable amount of valuable political, artistic, scientific and other speech will disappear in this new medium. What about, for example, the university health service that posts information online about birth control and protections against the spread of AIDS? With many students in college under 18, this information would likely disappear under threat of prosecution.  I understand that Representative White will make an alternative proposal to the telecommunications conference tomorrow. His proposal avoids regulating constitutionally protected speech, and limits any regulation to materials harmful to minors. This is a step in the right direction, but still leaves Internet users guessing at what may be considered harmful to minors in different areas of this diverse country.  The Internet and other computer networks hold enormous promise for enhancing our lives in ways that would have been unthinkable only a brief decade ago. But the growth of this network will no doubt be chilled if users fear that they risk criminal liability by using particular words that might, in some jurisdictions, be considered indecent. Or, if service providers simply refuse to provide Internet access to children under 18 years of age, due to the risk of criminal liability.  I have written, along with several other Members, to the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Commerce Committee urging the conferees to appreciate the implications that these proposals will have for the Internet. They should not rush consideration of these weighty issues. This is a great new communications medium and the conference should deliberate carefully before it gives its blessing to new crimes for saying things that some people, some where in this country, may deem to be indecent for children.  We should all be concerned lest the parody becomes reality.  