 Let me just mention, Mr. President, we need to look at what happens when we go after terrorists. As a former prosecutor, I feel that if somebody commits a crime, especially serious crimes like this, we ought to be able to have every possible way of going after that person. They ought to be prosecuted. They ought to be brought to justice. They ought to pay for their crime.  But also as a former prosecutor, I have seen so often the person who is neglected is the victim. We can spend sometimes millions of dollars going after somebody who has perpetrated a crime, especially a heinous crime, but nothing is done to help the victim.  We saw in the continuing tragedy of the downing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, the United States Government had no authority to provide assistance or compensation to the victims of that heinous crime. It was the same thing with the victims of the Achille Lauro incident. There has been no authority in the law for the Department of Justice to respond to these victims through our crime victims programs. I think it is wrong, and it can be remedied. The amendment I am about to offer would do that.  We had a report to the Congress last summer from the Office for Victims of Crime at the U.S. Department of Justice that identified a related problem. Both the ABA and the State Department have commented on their concern. They said that crime victims' compensation benefits should be provided to U.S. citizens who have been victimized in another country.  If you are a U.S. citizen and you get hit during a terrorist attack in another country, because you are a U.S. citizen, you ought to at least have the benefit of programs that are already in place in this country. Our citizens are deserving of the same protection whether they are hit by terrorists in Washington, DC, or hit by terrorists in Beirut, Lebanon.  The Victims of Terrorism Act, which I am about to offer as an amendment, [[Page S7731]] provides authority to respond to the consequences of violent extremism abroad and also here at home.  We have been shielded from much of the terrorism perpetrated abroad. We see buildings blown up, cars bombed, people shot, leaders assassinated in other parts of the world. Now we are witnessing similar incidents here at home. We see what happened at the World Trade Center in New York, we see assaults on the White House, the Oklahoma City situation.  The Victims of Terrorism Act would add to the Victims of Crime Act provisions for supplemental grants to States to provide emergency relief in the wake of a violent incident that might otherwise overwhelm a State. I look at the tremendous job the people of Oklahoma and the local and State authorities did, but they were overwhelmed. This is the time when they need help from all of us as citizens. Certainly, if something this terrible happened in my own State of Vermont, the sympathy would be there, and I know Vermonters well enough to know all Vermonters would rally, but there would be no way we could handle all the problems.  I want to commend the National Organization for Victims Assistance and all the volunteers and others who have been so critical in providing timely assistance to the Oklahoma City bombing victims. We should acknowledge their heroic activities. My amendment would allow them to do more.  Mr. President, I send to the desk the Victims of Terrorism Act, an amendment I propose to the amendment proposed by Mr. Dole.  