President, I was pleased to be an original sponsor of S. 1136, the Anticounterfeiting Consumer Protection Act of 1995, to provide additional tools to combat trademark and goods counterfeiting crimes that cost our Nation billions of dollars per year.  The Judiciary Committee received estimates that international counterfeiting amounts to more than $200 billion a year. Bank robberies in this country involve less than $50 million a year. Just as we do not tolerate theft of peoples' funds from our banks, we can no longer tolerate the theft of intellectual property rights or reputation through unlawful copying, counterfeiting and infringement.  Even States like Vermont, with one of the lowest violent crime rates in the Nation, is home to businesses losing money to counterfeiters. Vermont Maple syrup producers comply with stringent standards so that syrup lovers around the world are not disappointed. They have to be constantly vigilant against counterfeiters who use the Vermont label to get a free ride on the reputation for excellence that syrup from my State enjoys.  Another example, concerns our IBM facility in Essex Junction, which makes 16- and 64-megabyte memory chips, known as Dynamic Random Access Memory Chips or DRAM. These memory chips are also the subject of counterfeiting activities. In addition, IBM has estimated annual losses to bootleg computer software at $1 billion.  The Software Publishers Association and Business Software Alliance estimate that software counterfeiting may account for as much as $6.5 billion a year, which is over 40 percent of all software industry revenues. This is unacceptable for any business if it is to survive.  At our Judiciary Committee hearing on October 10, we heard from Tom McGann, executive vice president of Burton Snowboards of Burlington, VT. This company is the world leader in making snowboard equipment, but loses an estimated $1 million annually to copycat boots made in Korea.  Companies that work hard and devote resources to developing good products, ensure design and safety standards, and develop a well-deserved reputation for quality should have their trademarks and good names protected. Moreover, consumers need to be sure that what they are buying is what it appears to be. Burton Snowboards' testimony brings home the reality and the damage of counterfeit goods.  Tom McGann made several important points and was by my estimation the most important and persuasive witness from which we heard. Tom observed that current legal options against counterfeiters were ``so time consuming and so costly that we began to wonder why we went to the trouble of getting the patent at all.'' He also hit the nail on the head when he spoke about the unfairness of allowing those who make no investment in development and quality control to rip off companies that do. He made perhaps the most critical point when he testified that from a business perspective copies undercut the reputation and lead to the loss of public confidence in products of the company that is being copied.  Burton Snowboards is the world leader in making snowboard equipment, boots and related products. This private company was begun by Jake Burton Carpenter, who is generally credited with having developed the sport. This is a classic American story in which Jake-and-a-bandsaw-in-a-garage has led to a company that invests heavily in research and development to make the finest products of its kind in the world. Burton Snowboards' investment should be protected and its customers' confidence rewarded.  Our bill takes important steps to address the problem of counterfeiting in several ways. It seeks to expand our existing racketeering law to cover crimes involving counterfeiting and copyright infringement and to give our law enforcement officers additional, needed authority to seize counterfeit merchandise and impose fines on counterfeiters. It authorizes statutory damages of up to $1 million in private suits against infringers.  I also want to emphasize one of the considerations that bring me to this fight--the health and safety risks posed by counterfeit products. Consumers are being defrauded and being placed in jeopardy by products that do not meet the safety standards that are required of legitimate businesses. We must do everything that we can to confront these dangers as well as the economic damage of illegal counterfeiting. Everything from snowboard boots to software to airplane parts to baby formula to medicine and medical supplies have been the subject of counterfeiting. In addition to the economic harm, the health and safety risks from some counterfeit products provide additional justification for our doing everything that we can to confront the dangers as well as the damage of illegal counterfeiting.  Most troubling at our hearing was the testimony that increasingly, the revenue lost to legitimate U.S. companies is going into the pockets of international crime syndicates and organized criminals, who manufacture, import, and distribute counterfeit goods to fund their other criminal enterprises. It is time to use our RICO weapons against racketeers who are engaged in criminal infringing activities.  As we marked up the bill at the Judiciary Committee, I offered--and the Committee accepted--an amendment to clarify its provisions. Most importantly, my amendment clarified that those subject to civil penalties for participating in the importation of counterfeit goods should include those who ``aid and abet'' rather than those ``in any way concerned in'' the activity.  Even as we make our laws more effective in combating counterfeiting crimes here, we cannot overlook the international nature of the problem. Copycat goods with the labels of legitimate, American companies are manufactured, distributed, and sold in foreign cities around the globe. We should insist that our trading partners take action against all kinds of intellectual property violations: Whether counterfeiting or copyright piracy, it amounts to theft and fraud on the consuming public. We cannot tolerate our trading partners and international allies acting as safe havens for pirates. We must take all responsible action we can to protect against piracy and counterfeiting.  Our Nation's economic health in the next century rests in large part with our innovative high-technology and intellectual property companies. It is not protectionism to demand that others around the world recognize basic standards on trademark, patent, and copyright law and enforce prohibitions against counterfeiting and infringement. If our intellectual-property-based industries are to continue to lead the world, their creativity must be rewarded and their property rights and investments must be protected.  In addition to this legislation, we need to enlist the public in this fight and to educate the public about the downside of trademark counterfeiting and patent and copyright infringement. We need to be sure that our international negotiators and our trading partners share our resolve against these crimes.  I thank Jake Burton Carpenter, Tom McGann, and all those at Burton Snowboard for working with us on this measure. I also want to note the strong support of the Business Software Alliance and the Software Publishers Association, the Interactive Digital Software Association, the Recording Industry Association of America, the International Trademark Association, the American Amusement Machine Association, and the Imaging Supplies Coalition.  I appreciate hearing from Steven Olechny of The Timberland Co. from our neighboring State of New Hampshire and thank Timberland for its support for this legislation. I note the support a wide range of companies making everything from the Barney dinosaur and Mighty Morphin Power Rangers to Polo, No Fear, Nautica, and Hilfinger clothing to Oakley sunglasses and thank Hunting World, Hoechst Celanese, Procter & Gamble, Nintendo, Kodak, Polo Ralph Lauren, Nautica Apparel, Oakley, No Fear, Tommy Hilfinger Licensing, Chanel, Lyons Group, Warner Bros., the Walt Disney Co., Saban Entertainment, Rolex, the Coalition to Advance the Protection of Sports Logos, and the Cosmetic, Toiletry, and Fragrance Association for their comments on the legislation and their support. Finally, I want to thank John Bliss and the members of the International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition for their effective work against international counterfeiting and their support for this legislation.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  