 I was surprised by recent news reports that the Republican Study Committee required prospective congressional employees to take an ideological litmus test before they could be listed with their placement service.  I do not know whether such questionnaires are legal under Federal law or under the rules of the Senate. I do know, as one who lived through the McCarthyism of the 1950's, how destructive, to both human beings, and to the sense of public comity, loyalty oaths can be.  That is why I requested a copy of the questionnaire and related materials. Let me take a few minutes of the Senate's time to describe what I found.  The Republican Study Committee, an organization of the House of Representatives, which among other activities, provides an employment service for persons who are applying for jobs with Republican Members of the House. It provides prospective employees with a set of materials which includes a questionnaire. This questionnaire asks a large number of very definitive policy questions about a prospective employee's views.  For example, it asks questions about the applicants views on abortion, school prayer, and AID among others.  It also asks whether the applicant is in general agreement with ACLU, National Right to Work, Newt Gingrich, Ted Kennedy, or Richard Gephardt. Apparently new litmus tests to judge an employee's political correctness are now in order.  Of course, these questions are ``designed to assist in placing you with an office in which you are most compatible.''  The reality is that these kinds of questions are getting close to loyalty oath type questions of the 1950's.  Soon will employees be asked, ``Are you now or have you ever been a member of Common Cause?  ``Are you now or have you ever been a member of Planned Parenthood?  ``Are you now or have you ever been a member of the Sierra Club.''  Are we on the way to a new type of politically correct rightwing thinking?  This questionnaire is not new. One of my current employees encountered this questionnaire when she was looking for an entry-level job on the Hill over 3 years ago. More concerned about being a part of the democratic process than in ideology she applied at both Democratic and Republican service offices. What kind of signal does the RSC questionnaire send to prospective employees like her? Clearly, it strikes a blow at the idealism of our young people and discourages them from participating in the democratic process.  This is not a difficult issue to decide.  The public wants an end to partisan politics, and this litmus test is nothing but partisan.  We want to encourage our youth to participate in the democratic process, this litmus test destroys the idealism of our youth.  The Republican leadership has pledged to make Congress be held to the same laws as it imposes on others, this litmus test flies in the face of that pledge.  Above all there is too often a sense of intolerance in the tone of debate in this country. We see this in tone in the abortion clinic shootings and bombings and when talk show hosts insult the President's wife.  I will not stand quietly and let a new ``McCarthyism'' take hold of this institution.  Mr. President, I will close with this: I have no problem with any Member, Democrat or Republican, wanting to hire staff that bears their views. I must say that in my own staff, I do not know whether most of the people in my office are Republicans or Democrats, unless they have been involved in something where they have made it clear to me. I know that I have hired people who were identified as Republicans back home, as well as identified as Democrats. I do not know what they belong to. I just do not want us to do things that would never be allowed at IBM, or Monsanto, or any other company.  I do not want to get into a litmus test for people even to be able to make a job application, because there are so many extremely good men and women in this country who should have an opportunity to seek jobs in the Congress if they want. But they should not have the door closed in their faces initially because they do not pass a particular litmus test.  I will ask the floor managers something and then I will yield to Senator McCain. What happens with this amendment? Should we ask for the yeas and nays? What has been the process? I have been off the floor.  