President, I have an amendment that I would like to introduce for myself and Senators Burns, Craig, Jeffords, Murray, Lautenberg, Bond, McConnell, Lieberman, Snowe, and Cohen. It has the support of many Senators from both sides of the aisle.  Mr. President, I am disappointed by the move to eliminate one of the few financial incentives we have to help private landowners do the right thing for conservation--the Stewardship Incentives Program.  The Stewardship Incentives Program was created in the 1990 farm bill with broad bipartisan support to help forest owners improve wildlife habitat, protect water quality, improve forest management, and develop recreation opportunities.  Every Endangered Species Reform Act being considered by this Congress includes language to establish a program like the Stewardship Incentives Program. We need to put our money where our mouth is. If we are serious about moving from a regulatory conservation approach to a voluntary approach, we have to fund the voluntary programs we have on the books.  We know that landowners cannot always pay their property taxes by managing their land specially for wildlife and water quality. The Stewardship Incentives Program helps private landowners do the right thing with a nonregulatory, cost-incentive, State-grant program.  The amendment also includes funding for volunteer fire departments which are essential organizations to rural communities throughout the country. These organizations are often the first to respond to common kitchen fires and dangerous forest fires.  This amendment is supported by the National Association of State Foresters, the Izaak Walton League, the National Association of Conservation Districts, The Nature Conservancy, the Northern Forest Alliance, the American Forest & Paper Association, the International Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, the National Volunteer Fire Council, and many others.  Mr. President, this amendment has broad support on both sides of the aisle and broad support across the entire natural resource community. My staff has worked with the committee staff and the Forest Service to identify offsets. I hope the Senate can accept this amendment expeditiously given its broad base of support.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I rise in strong support of the amendment offered by my colleague from Vermont. The amendment restores funding for the Forestry Stewardship Incentives Program [SIP]. Landowners who sign up for the Forest Stewardship Program are often new to the practice of forest management, the cost-share components assists them in making land more productive more rapidly.  The SIP was designed to assist nonindustrial private landowners in implementing good management practices. Recent surveys indicate over 9 million private nonindustrial landowners; by contrast, the Nation has only over 2 million farmers. In Kentucky, we have over 300,000 private landowners who have over 10.9 million acres of forest land to manage.  This amendment preserves one of the only nonregulatory Federal programs in existence for nonindustrial private forest landowners.  The Kentucky Stewardship Incentive Program is a very successful program. It is a cooperative effort of Kentucky's environmental community. The cost share assistance helps private landowners in implementing a forest stewardship plan on rural land with existing tree cover and other lands including cropland, pasture land, surface mined land.  The Kentucky Stewardship Incentive Program:  Encourages private forest landowners to manage their forest lands for economic, environmental, and social benefits;  Complements and expands other forestry assistance programs;  Gives priority to tree planting, tree maintenance, and tree improvement practices;  Increases the quality and quantity of Kentucky's timber resources, and  Maintains and improves the habitat for a diverse mixture of native wildlife.  This is an extremely beneficial program that helps private forest landowners provide better land management and improve our natural resources.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  