As a tree farm owner myself, I should probably vote for it because of all the extra paper and paperwork we will have around here. We do sell trees to make paper on my farm.  But then I might ask, how is the clerk going to decide what is an item to be enrolled as a separate bill? The amendment defines an item as ``any numbered section, any unnumbered paragraph, or any allocation or suballocation * * * contained in a numbered section or unnumbered para- graph .'' What if you write an appropriations bill that is just one paragraph? It may be 38 pages long, but it could be written as one.  Or I can see Members taking items, a popular and an unpopular item, and put them into a single numbered section or unnumbered paragraph so they would be enrolled together as one item. That protects it from a Presidential veto.  And what is an allocation or suballocation? There is no definition in the amendment. Is that up to the discretion of the clerk? If so, then the unelected enrollment clerk becomes far more powerful than a lot of Members of Congress.  There is no clear answer to this. We have never had hearings on it. The so-called compromise agreement was dug up from the past to break a deadlock that the majority has over two different line-item veto bills, S. 4 and S. 14.  These two bills were debated. They were marked up. They were reported by two different committees--the Budget Committee and the Government Affairs Committee. It would have been helpful if at least one of these two committees had seen this substitute before it hit the floor.  And, like S. 4, the so-called compromise amendment encourages minority rule. It allows a Presidential item veto to stand with the support of only 34 Senators, or 146 Representatives.  If you are from a State that only has a few representatives, like mine, only 1, I do not know how you could possibly vote for something like this. Basically it says your State becomes immaterial--immaterial in any determination. It is not majority rule. We are back to anti-Democratic supermajority requirements. I thought that was dismissed during the balanced budget amendment debate.  By imposing a two-thirds supermajority vote to override a Presidential item veto, the Dole amendment undermines the fundamental principle of majority rule. Our Founders rejected such supermajority voting and I oppose this. I do not care whether we have a Democratic President, as we do right now, or a Republican President. I am sure President Clinton would probably be delighted to have this. I can think of some times when I would probably be delighted as a Democrat that he would have it. But as a principle, I do not want any President to have this. The Congress might as well just pack up and go home.  Maybe some might like that, but I do not think that, as powerful a country as ours is, we want to see a situation where one of the three independent branches of Government is put in a position where they can basically override the other two branches of Government. That is not how we stayed a democracy after we gained that power.  Alexander Hamilton talked of the supermajority requirements as a ``poison'' that serves ``* * * to destroy the energy of the government, and to substitute the pleasure, caprice or artifices of an insignificant, turbulent or corrupt junto to the regular deliberations and decisions of a respectable majority.''  Such a supermajority requirement not only shows a distrust of the Congress but the electorate. As an American, as one who believes in our majority rule in our country--one who believes in our democracy and that our democracy exists because of our three branches of Government, I reject this notion and this basic distrust.  I think it is overkill. Over the course of our history, in 200 years, something we overlook in this--the President has vetoed 2,513 bills.  Congress overrode 104 times out of 2,513. The supermajority veto is an extraordinarily effective executive power. It is not needed to strike wasteful line items. Majority votes are enough to kill any wasteful line item.  In fact, if someone were to hear a number of the Members who stand up here and say how much they want this line-item veto when so many of those same Members have made sure that they have line items in appropriations bills or authorizing bills to help them with their constituents or their State, you would think that a Senator could not require separate votes on items in a bill. But they can. All they have to [[Page S4330]] do is object to committee amendments to be considered en bloc and then vote on them one by one and have a rollcall vote on them. But some of the same Senators who talk about such wasteful spending do not do that. They do not want to call up these particular items.  Let us not say we are going to muddy up our constitutional form of government by tossing the buck to the President if we are unable to do it, unwilling to do it, ourselves.  Then, of course, we have tax breaks. Now the rubber hits the road. If it is an item that may actually help your State, we could take that out. But if it is an item that might help some wealthy special interest and we do not want the President to ever touch that, the amendment only allows the President to veto a targeted tax benefit.  A ``targeted tax benefit'' is defined as any provision that is estimated to lose any revenue and has ``the practical effect of providing more favorable tax treatment to a particular taxpayer or limited group of taxpayers when compared with other similarly situated taxpayers.''  I am a lawyer. I have looked at that. I have looked at it about 10 different ways. I have asked other lawyers to look at it. Nobody seems to know what this means other than to say they would love to be involved in litigation on it. They could keep the clock running forever on that. It would produce endless litigation over what is a ``practical effect'' and who is a ``similarly situated taxpayer.'' These terms, of course, are not defined in the bill. In fact, the definition of ``targeted tax benefit'' sounds like a tax loophole itself.  Would the President also have a line-item veto authority over the capital gains tax cut described in the House Republican Contract With America? It is going to lose revenue. The bipartisan Joint Committee on Taxation has estimated that the Contract With America's capital gains tax cut would lose almost $32 billion from 1995 to 2000.  I have a feeling that is not intended to be touched by the line-item veto. Why not quit this shell game? Just state in plain language that the President has line-item authority over all tax expenditures.  So I have too many problems about this substitute. I think it is just a fix to pick up a vote or two. We saw that during the balanced budget amendment debate. We would pull things out on Social Security, or whatnot, to try to get a vote here or there--no hearings, no discussion of the final effect of it.  I cast a procedural vote for cloture in 1985 to allow an up-or-down vote on a separate-enrollment line-item-veto bill. But that was because there had been hearings on a bill. There was a report on it, and we knew when we were going to vote on it. There have been a lot of changes since then.  There is no need to gamble on a questionable version of a line-item-veto bill. Thanks to the bipartisan leadership of Senators Domenici and Exon, we have a better line-item veto--the original S. 14 bill.  I have already said publicly on national television that I find this very appealing. I believe I could vote for it. But we ought to, if we are going to pass a line-item-veto bill, base it on the original bipartisan expedited rescission measure, one that has been carefully studied.  That I am willing to take a chance on. I am willing to take a chance on it with a sunset provision, but also because most of the questions that have been asked have been answered. I am not willing to take a plunge in faith on an amendment that is out here basically just to pick up a few extra votes.  Madam President, I see no one else seeking recognition. So I suggest the absence of a quorum.  