President, many Vermonters are disappointed about a pattern in this Congress to undermine environmental standards through appropriations and the budget process.  Unfortunately, Congress is doing it again in the Interior bill.  Let me list just a few of the measures that were added to this bill which are direct attacks on the environment using the indirect appropriations process. These are items which have not received hearings, authorizing committee deliberation, or open floor debate.  First, a group of Alaskans asked the Forest Service to update the environmental study for a large timber sale which was being reoffered for a second time. The judge agreed with the Alaskans that an updated study would be worthwhile. This Congress overrules the judge.  Second, the Forest Service has been working on a forest plan for the Tongass National Forest for several years amidst annual meddling from the Appropriations Committee and Congress. In this bill, Congress dictates its choice for forest management, and forces it upon the resource professionals and people of the region.  Third, our country has an Endangered Species Act to protect our Nation's fish and wildlife from extinction. This bill prohibits the Fish and Wildlife Service from listing species as endangered species. We can change our minds about this bill, but we cannot change our minds after extinction.  Fourth, last year, Congress passed a bipartisan bill to create the California Desert National Park by a wide margin. One year later, Congress is trying to dismantle the National Park through funding gimmicks.  Fifth, our country's mining law is 123 years old. This Congress refuses to update the law through the authorizing process, and instead tries to force as many giveaways through the Department of the Interior as they can. They know the American people want changes, but they are scrambling to get what they can while they hold back the will of the American people.  Sixth, this Administration has an excellent record of creating new jobs while protecting the environment, including endangered species. To continue this record of cutting through gridlock, finding flexible solutions, and moving forward, the Administration was studying the Columbia River Basin. This bill says ``ignorance is bliss,'' and cuts funding for science.  There are other problems with the bill as well, some with legislative issues, and some with funding.  One provision has to do with the National Endowment for the Arts. The Supreme Court has an established standard to judge pornography. This bill, however, includes a vague new definition based on the personal opinion of what a few members consider disgusting.  One of the most blatant funding problems is the energy cuts. The President's budget promotes national security, economic progress, and environmental responsibility by supporting voluntary incentives for energy efficiency. This bill cuts energy efficiency funding by 38 percent, including critical programs like weatherization. Weatherization was cut by 50 percent. Vice President Gore pointed out that with the President's budget we could save more energy than could be drilled from the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  The pattern is clear and persistent. Environmental funding and environmental laws are the first to go. Our natural resources cannot endure this kind of abuse. Pollution, extinction, degradation, and abuse are not problems that we can easily fix, if at all.  The American people do not want this, and soon Congress will learn about their opposition. But until then, and propelled by this bill, the abuse and neglect continues.  