President, this Congress should not have a yard sale to balance the budget.  A yard sale is an opportunity to clean house, to clear out things that have outgrown their usefulness, and to get rid of junk you don't need. The Alaska National Wildlife Refuge is not junk. It should not be drilled for oil to balance the budget.  The refuge is one of a kind--in fact, it's the last of its kind. The Alaska National Wildlife Refuge is the only place we have left that resembles the kind of land that gave birth to our Nation centuries ago.  I wonder how many people realize that outside this chamber, 500 years ago, the first Americans could hunt bison and elk in the open forests on the banks of the Potomac. I wonder how many people remember that outside this building passenger pigeons used to roost in American chestnut trees, sometimes in flocks of thousands.  Today the bison and elk are gone, the passenger pigeon is extinct, and the American chestnut has been wiped out in this region by an exotic disease. The first Americans wouldn't recognize this place.  Now we turn to a remote corner of our country, the last expanse of true wildness left, and Congress is saying ``we need that too--to balance the budget.'' On behalf of the children, I object.  Drilling for oil in the Alaska Wildlife Refuge has been a controversial issue for almost ten years. This is not a reason to sneak it into the budget resolution. This is an issue for the light of day, not for legislative tricks.  Drilling for oil in Alaska is not even going to be a major contribution to our deficit--the leasing revenues are only one-fifth of one percent of the budget gap.  Finally, Alaska, the State that gets more Federal dollars per person than any other State in the Union, will get at least 50 percent of the revenues, and the State wants to take 90 percent according to previous arrangements.  The Alaska National Wildlife Refuge is American treasure that does not belong to us--it is the heritage of our country. Just like the bald eagle, the grand canyon, and a good trout stream--ANWR exists for our enjoyment today and for the enjoyment of generations to come. It should not be laced with roads and drilled for oil.  I urge support of this bipartisan amendment.  