President, I associate myself, first with the remarks just made by the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, but also with the remarks made earlier by the distinguished senior Senator from New York.  At the risk of dealing with two of the foremost historians of the Senate, I would make a slight addition to what was said by the distinguished Senator from West Virginia and what was concurred in by the distinguished Senator from New York. The distinguished Senator from West Virginia said, ``Thank God for the U.S. Senate.'' I would add to that: Thank God for some individuals in the U.S. Senate.  The Senate gives us the right, under our rules and according to our history, to speak on these matters. But only if individual Senators do it. I applaud the distinguished Senator from West Virginia and the distinguished Senator from New York, for they, as Senators, utilized the opportunity. The Senate, while a great institution, is still made up of 100 individuals.  I have said, as my friends know, time and time again on this floor that the U.S. Senate should be, and can be, the conscience of the Nation, but only if individual Members exercise that conscience. I have said many times on this floor--and I will speak many more times on this constitutional amendment, as I will on some others coming up--let us look back on our 200 years of history. We are the greatest, most powerful democracy history has ever known. But we have become so because we followed our Constitution. We have amended it only 17 times since the Bill of Rights.  Frankly, Mr. President, I have not seen anything that has occurred in the 54 years of my lifetime that is so important and in such a need of change in our country that we must have this pell-mell rush to amend the Constitution--in just 2 days in the other body. Mr. President, that is a shame; that is a disgrace; that is not something to be proud of--to say to the American people that in 2 days we took this precious Constitution, this great cornerstone foundation of our democracy and we amended it.  Are we not doing a wonderful thing? No. To that I say, for shame. I have no idea how the vote will come out on this. But at least let us as Senators stand up and say to the American people that you heard a full discussion of it, not that it was rushed through because somebody wants to make a check mark.  I applaud my good friend from West Virginia with whom I have had the pleasure of serving my 20 years and my friend from New York with whom I have served 18 years, for standing up and reminding people of history. The history lesson does not fit on a bumper sticker or in a 12-second spot on the evening news or in a headline. And, unfortunately, I must say it does not fit often enough in the classrooms of the schools of this country. It should, and maybe the U.S. Senate will help bring it back.  