President, I have repeatedly said on the Senate floor that balancing the Federal budget is so important we need to set our partisan differences aside.  Unfortunately, balancing the budget was the most serious problem facing our country--until today.  The American people are fed up with Washington--and how can you blame them.  The single working mother who is holding two jobs to take care of her children should expect nothing less than having the Federal Government pay its own bills.  Vermonters must balance their checkbooks each month, why should the Government that they send their taxes to not be held to the same accountability.  Mr. President, Republicans laud this budget reconciliation bill that we are debating today as the solution to the deficit problem.  Well, this bill may balance the budget but the wake it leaves behind threatens to irreparably divide our country. This bill is a cruel prank on hard working Americans who have asked Congress to get our budget in order.  The Republican leadership has answered the call to balance the budget with a plan that radically redistributes the wealth of our country.  Playing on the desires of hard working Americans, the Republican leadership has seized the opportunity to protect the wealthiest in our country.  This plan balances the budget on the backs of the people who are working the longest hours, in the lowest paying jobs.  Ironically, as these Americans have shouted out the loudest about getting our fiscal books in order, they will be the ones who feel the pain the most.  Under the guise of saving Americans from the burden of debt, the Republican leadership has devastated programs that help hard working men and women realize the American dream of economic opportunity.  We are told that in order to save programs, we must first kill them so that 7 years from now they will emerge solvent and robust.  It is a leap of faith that I cannot make, much to my embarrassment, because my distinguished colleagues in the majority have been telling us what a bold and courageous moment in time that they are seizing.  They are the self appointed saviors out to rescue us from the trillions of dollars of debt accrued during the Reagan-Bush administrations. They never mention that latter part--no doubt an oversight--and in the press of time, it is perfectly understandable why the subject never arises.  A case in point is education. This bill makes short-sighted cuts in education. It cuts student loan programs by $10 billion over the next 7 years.  Students will be hit with 70 percent of these cuts--increasing the costs to the 20,000 Vermonters receiving higher education and their families by at least $5,800 over the life of a student loan.  Congress should be working to make education more affordable--not less.  These additional financial burdens will discourage many students from continuing their education after high school.  The Contract With America has sealed the fate of the next generation of Americans. They may never have the chance of post high school training or a college education--the key to a better paying job.  Mr. President, the list of programs that the Republican leadership are slashing under the thin guise of reform is long.  This bill is a back door version of the New Federalism, the short-lived brainchild that was the predecessor of the Contract With America. Congress piles up the rhetoric while dumping the tough decisions on the States.  Governors are increasingly wary of this, because the cost for maintaining any of these programs will rest squarely on the local taxpayers.  We know that Medicaid is a life-line to provide essential health care to low-income pregnant women, children, the disabled, and the elderly.  It is also the safety net that rescues middle-class families when a factory closes down and the jobs that are available do not provide health insurance.  It spares middle-class families from choosing between nursing home care for a parent or financing the college education of a son or daughter.  I think we all agree that the Medicaid reform proposal before us turns the program over to the States, at greatly reduced funding levels.  Despite all the disclaimers from its supporters, I remain unconvinced that it is anything more than a recurrence of policies that once made poor farms and orphanages the sanctuaries for low-income children and families in America.  I agree that States should have more flexibility, but not at the cost of our national responsibility. Our States will find themselves hundreds of millions of dollars short of funds to provide necessary health care over the next 7 years.  Vermont already has flexibility through the Federal waiver process.  Vermont's plan continues the Federal/State partnership nature of Medicaid and enables Vermont to cover 15,000 more of the State's growing number of uninsured.  This bill will nullify Vermont's initiatives to administer the program more economically.  The budgetary pressure on States to make cuts in eligibility and benefits will be very strong. On average, States will lose 30 percent of their Federal Medicaid payments by the year 2002.  There is no provision in this bill that would provide Vermont, or any State, with additional resources in times of economic downturn or recession when the Medicaid rolls have historically increased.  Vermont will lose 10 percent on average over the next 7 years and cuts are backloaded so that Vermont will lose 27 percent in the year 2002.  This cut is estimated to reduce Federal Medicaid payments to Vermont by $205 million over the next 7 years.  If the sharp reductions in Federal Medicaid funding cannot be offset by managed care savings or cuts in payments to providers, States will have to cut benefits or severely limit the number of people eligible unless they are willing to pay a much larger share of the cost of the program with State funds.  Competition among States may contribute to the pressure to restrict eligibility.  Without Federal standards, many predict a race to the bottom where no State wants to be seen as providing broader coverage or more generous benefits than its neighbors.  While there was much talk about this bill partially retaining an entitlement for low-income pregnant women, children, and the disabled, the truth is that the bill fully follows through on the Contract With America proposal to provide no assurance to any low-income American that they will get the health care they need.  This fact was certified by the Congressional Budget Office earlier this week.  The plan also repeals requirements that now protect nursing home residents from being restrained, drugged, or forced to live with substandard care in disreputable homes.  It replaces these safeguards with 50 separate State regulations with no standard minimum requirements.  I have been pleading for Congress and the President to join in bipartisan negotiations on balancing the budget without jeopardizing the success of our health programs.  