President, I am concerned that we have a proposal to reform U.S. foreign affairs agencies on this bill. It is a major proposal. It restructures the way we administer our foreign aid programs. It merges most foreign affairs functions into the Department of State.  The reason I am concerned is it is in this bill. This is an appropriations bill. We have had a lot of hearings on appropriations. We had a lot of hearings on where we spend money on everything from the security interests of the United States abroad to how we help in humanitarian programs. We have not had hearing one on how we might rewrite, in the appropriations bill, a formal change in our whole foreign policy apparatus.  If we are going to have that debate, we have an excellent Foreign Relations Committee. They can bring an authorization bill to the floor. They have once. Bring one down, get it passed. That is where it should be. But to suddenly take the appropriations bill--not even the State Department appropriations bill, but the foreign operations appropriations bill--and say let us rewrite the Department of State and our whole foreign policy apparatus, that makes very, very little sense to me.  It would be like saying we are going to take the District of Columbia appropriations bill and while we are doing it, let us redo the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Because, after all, the District of Columbia is an urban area and the Department of Housing and Urban Development handles urban matters. It is about that related. To do it here, simply because the Senate rejected attempts to do it in another guise, does not make much sense to me.  I have long advocated better coordination among the executive branch agencies and foreign policymaking. I have done that in both Democrat and Republican administrations because both Democrat and Republican administrations have had problems in such coordination. But I think the proposal we see here would result in U.S. national interests being less well, not better, served.  Why is the Foreign Agriculture Service administered by the Department of Agriculture, not by the State Department? Because farmers know they can count on USDA to represent their interests better than the Department of State. And all experiences have proven that.  Why, 15 years ago, did we take the commercial function away from the State Department and create a foreign commercial service in the Department of Commerce? It was because State had for years neglected export promotion. They would sacrifice export interests to foreign policy priorities. They treated their own commercial officers as second-class employees, and it was because the American business community demanded we do something better.  The reason we have separate Foreign Service bureaucracies is that many of our foreign policy interests are actually domestic policy interests and they are best pursued abroad by technical experts from domestic policy agencies, not by foreign policy generalists from the State Department. You go to the domestic policy agencies that know a particular area and send them.  I do not know about North Carolina farmers or Maine farmers but Vermont farmers are not all anxious to see the State Department expand its influence over U.S. foreign agricultural policy. If you shift power from domestic agencies to the State Department, that is not going to strengthen representation of United States interests and United States policy, but it will strengthen representation of French interests and Argentine interests and Russian interests and interests of other parts of the world.  I have been advocating reform of our foreign aid program ever since the fall of the Berlin wall so I am happy to see a discussion of this issue. Sponsors of the amendment say our foreign aid program should further our national interests. I do not know anybody who agrees more with that than I do. But I do not agree with the definition of the problem.  The problem is not that the Agency for International Development is somehow ignoring America's national interests. The problem is, since 1961--going back to a time before I was old enough to vote--when the Foreign Assistance Act was enacted, much of our foreign aid was allocated to winning allies in the fight against communism. Billions went to rightwing dictatorships with little or no commitment to democracy or improving the living conditions of their people or even allowing business competition--either our business competition or their own business competition.  So a lot of that aid failed by standards that we, all of us, would apply today. But it is unfair and I believe it is even disingenuous to judge AID's effectiveness today against the failures of the past, because in the past our goals were fundamentally different.  The Secretary of State has full authority under statute to give policy direction to AID. The State Department, we all know, influences AID's activities every day. If AID's projects deviate from State Department policy, it is not because AID is out of control. It is because the people at the State Department are not paying enough attention to what they are doing.  I think the amendment ignores the considerable efforts of administration to improve AID's performance. There have been years of neglect--we all have to admit that--under the previous administrations. But, with Brian Atwood at the head of the AID, with the efforts of an awful lot of people and with the support of an awful lot of Members of Congress, Republican and Democrat alike, there have been significant improvements.  Over the past 2 years, we have seen dramatic progress at the Agency for International Development and the Treasury and State Departments in redefining our foreign aid priorities. They focus resources where they can achieve the most advance in U.S. interests abroad. They have done that, in spite of the constraints of an obsolete Foreign Assistance Act--as I said, a Foreign Assistance Act that passed later in that year when I finally became old enough to vote. It has been a long time. That could require some changes.  We are not going to do it in the appropriations bill. As I said before, it would be like trying to reorganize HUD on the District of Columbia appropriations bill. We have enough trouble trying to take care of the problems of the District of Columbia.  Here we have major issues. Chairman McConnell and I and others on both sides of the aisle have worked very closely to try to improve things and try to work within the constraints of the amount of money we have for those programs specifically under this bill. To ask us somehow to take on something our committee has not handled, that we have had no hearings on, and to write it in, pages and pages and pages and pages of authorizing legislative language on this appropriations bill, I cannot accept that.  I cannot accept the fact that it ignores what has happened. I mentioned AID Administrator Brian Atwood before. He has made extensive changes at AID. He initiated an agencywide streamlining effort that resulted in plans to close 27 missions. Incidentally, that is a reduction of 1,200 staff. He is installing state-of-the-art data processing systems that links headquarters in Washington with project officers in the field in real time which ensures that the information available at the one end of the pipeline is also available at the other. That is going to increase efficiency and improve decisionmaking. It is going to be a quantum leap forward from what it was just a few years ago.  Administrator Atwood has decentralized decisionmaking. People closest to the problems have now the full opportunity to design solutions. AID is improving its performance because, for the first time since the mid-1980's, it has hands-on leadership that is really committed to making our foreign aid program have effective leadership that actually cares that it works in the best interests of the United States.  Can they make that performance better? Sure. It is like every one of us who may feel we run our offices very, very well. Every one of us can honestly say there have to be ways we can make it better. Anything can be made better. But the question here has to be not can AID make it better, especially with the tremendous steps forward which they have made, the question has to be: But can you take it away from AID, turn it over to the State Department and have them do it better? I doubt it. If you abolish AID, if you ask the regional Assistant Secretaries of the State Department to manage its functions, I think that would be a serious mistake. These Assistant Secretaries are very good. But they are chosen for their expertise in broad foreign policy. They do not have the experience--many of them--in managing money and programs as AID does. Lord knows. Many of them are up to their necks in alligators trying to deal with the daily emergencies and complexities of our political relationships with the countries in their regions.  Even former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger, a man whose management skills I have always admired, and whose political policy savvy I also have admired--and a Republican--expressed doubt about this proposal in his testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee on March 23. I quote Secretary Eagleburger. He said:       The State Department is not well suited, either by      historical experience or current bureaucratic culture, to      assume many of these new responsibilities.  I might put it a little more bluntly. The State Department speciality is making policy. It has never--and probably never will--manage these kinds of programs well. Secretary Eagleburger offered the hope that with Cabinet selection of Under Secretaries it might do better. But I am reluctant to trade a bureaucracy that is doing reasonably well and getting better every day at delivering foreign aid with one that has no competence or outside chance that it might get better. If we disperse the responsibility of foreign aid among Assistant Secretaries of State, we are going to hear more stories about misguided failed projects--not fewer--and more questions about why we have foreign aid--not fewer.  AID performs a wide array of tasks that enjoy overwhelming support among the American people. Every year they managed programs worth $1 billion aimed at protecting the Earth's environment. Does protecting the Earth's forests and oceans and atmosphere matter to us as Americans? Why, it should. Does it further our foreign policy interest? Of course, it does. A century from now we are not going to have any foreign policy unless we join with other countries today in protecting our environment because we will be spending all of the time just trying to stay alive in an environment not suited for the habitat of humans.  Every year AID manages hundreds of millions of dollars to international health programs. Is this money wasted? Is tuberculosis infectious? Is AIDS infectious? Of course, they are. Tuberculosis just does not sit in one country. AIDS just does not sit in one country. They go worldwide. I tell you right now. There are 250 million Americans who will tell you unequivocally that we can do things to try to wipe out these diseases worldwide so they do not come across our borders they would be for it.  Every year AID commits a large part of its budget to promoting free markets and democratic development in countries where the United States has important interests. That is not diplomacy. It is hands-on assistance that requires people with special expertise on the ground who can get the job done, working with foreign governments and private organizations on the nuts and bolts of solving real problems. That is what AID does.  When we get those free markets going, when we get that democracy going, do you know who profits by it? Many, many times companies in my State, and the other 49 States, because they export. We all know that we are getting far more exports, and a far greater increase in our exports, I should say, in the developing world than we do in the developed world. The greatest percentage of new export jobs are created in exporting to the developing world. AID helps in that.  We have a strong need to rewrite the Foreign Assistance Act. We define the framework for foreign aid. That is the job of the Foreign Relations Committee. They had an opportunity earlier this year to do that. I suspect that they will work at it again, and will bring it to the floor. And we will have a real debate, and we will agree with some, disagree with others, and finally the Senate will work its will on such legislation; but not on an appropriations bill.  AID can continue downsizing and improve its efficiency. Let us not abolish an agency that is aggressively adapting itself to the changed world we live in to a shrinking foreign aid budget.  Mr. President, I strongly hope that this legislation will not be considered on this bill. The distinguished leadership can bring it up as an authorizing piece of legislation if it wants. We can argue and debate other things. Let us get our appropriations bill through. If we stick to the items that are within the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Committee, if we vote on matters that are within the jurisdictions of the Appropriations Committee, if we vote on matters that are actually part of this bill, why, we could be done before the Dracula hour of legislation.  My colleagues know the Dracula hour is what I refer to as the time when too often we end up voting. Those are the hours after darkness when people who work for family-friendly organizations tend to see their families. And those who want to be home tend to be there. Where we with a sense of camaraderie and perhaps people who do not have families tend to stay here together eagerly looking forward to vote after vote into the wee hours of the night.  Frankly, Mr. President, if we could just talk about appropriations matters on this, we could all go home for supper tonight. Think what a novel idea. Think of opening the door and having children say, ``You look so familiar. Didn't I see your picture in the paper once?'' To have, if you have one, a pet responding perhaps with some dim memory of who you are, and not bite you as you come in the door; to have your neighbors look out and say, ``I know him'' or her.  Perhaps they might even ask for an autograph, or at least not call the police thinking you are a stranger.  Think how wonderful it would be and we would probably have a good piece of legislation.  I see the distinguished Republican leader on the floor. I see others seeking the floor.  I yield the floor.  