President, one of the greatest things the United States can do as a country with worldwide reach is to help in humanitarian matters. We are very, very fortunate as a country. Periodically, we have faced devastating situations in our own country. We did in Los Angeles, of course, during the earthquakes. We did in Florida during the hurricanes. We have seen devastation of Americans in the Virgin Islands, in Puerto Rico in the past few days. But we are such a powerful nation and such a wealthy nation that we can help each other out. Whether it is the flood of a couple years ago in Montpelier, VT, my hometown, we are America; and through our Federal Government, we came together to help with the floods in the Midwest of a year ago. But there are other countries that are so small and so poor that when they are faced with an earthquake or faced with tornadoes or faced with flooding, devastation, they have nowhere to look to but the international community. And the United States, along with many of our allies, have always responded.  I remember earthquakes in Armenia, flooding in Bangladesh, famine in Africa, earthquakes in other parts of the world--Mexico, for example--we have responded. We have the ability to reach out and fly supplies literally anywhere in the world. We have the ability to send medical technicians and experts and rescue operations and others anywhere in the world. It is something that, just to stop and think, in our lifetime, for most of us in our lifetime it was impossible for any nation to even think of doing this in the way that we do with the communications, the logistics, just the resources. And a child suffering loss of family because of an earthquake, anywhere in the world, is a child suffering; or an adult who has had their whole livelihood washed away in a flood, is an adult suffering, no matter where they are in the world.  If the United States and the American people, through everything from Red Cross, Catholic Charities, Decatur, and the Federal Government, respond, we respond not to say, well, we will respond to this child because they are politically correct, but not this child because they have a different ideology or something, we respond because they are human beings suffering. We responded in countries that technically were countries that were adversaries of ours. We responded to people. We will always continue to do so. But I think when we do it, and I think when our allies do, we should not be blocked from giving that humanitarian aid because we give it not to advance a political agenda of the people aided or of our own. We do it to help people suffering.  So this amendment is not intended to embarrass or cause problems with Turkey or any other country. It is a matter of principle. It says that the people's needs should not be denied aid for political reasons. We have given aid. I remember a time even during the cold war when those allied with the Soviet Union who were in need, and the United States, like our allies, responded to that need when called upon to. It is like a ship hearing another ship in distress. You do not ask what flag they carry; you say they are under distress, and we go to help them.  So, I would say to any of our allies who may be concerned about such an amendment, this is not intended to embarrass you. It is intended to carry out what has always been the policy of the United States. People desperately need help. If we can help, we do. We do this in Vermont. If a neighbor's home or barn is on fire, or they are suddenly incapacitated, we go to help. We do this as world neighbors, too.  Mr. President, I would hope that the amendment would be accepted. And while we check to see if there are others coming, I was going to put in a call for a quorum, although I see the distinguished chairman on his feet. I yield to him.  Mr. McCONNELL addressed the Chair.  