The fact of the matter is, it is being shut down because we have not passed 13 appropriations bills.  Now, it is the responsibility--when we talk about whose responsibility is involved, whether the President or the Congress --of the congressional leadership to pass 13 appropriations bills by the end of the fiscal year.  These begin in the other body. I understand the Speaker of the House of Representatives has spoken with a great deal of accuracy of his control over the House. The Speaker of the House of Representatives has spoken about his ability to move what he wants to move through the House of Representatives.  But the fact of the matter is there are only 3 of the 13 appropriations bills that have been signed into law.  We are shortly going to vote on a conference report as we already have on one of the remaining 10 appropriations bills.  If the congressional leadership had passed and sent the President the 13 appropriations bills as they are supposed to do, had they done that by the end of the fiscal year as they are supposed to do, and had the leadership done as they claimed they can with their new majority, to move their agenda through, had they just done the people's business, the business of all Americans--Republicans, Democrats, and independents--had they passed the 13 appropriations bills, we would have no shutdown at all. There would be nothing to shut down. We would have passed the legislation.  Now, they have a majority of Republicans in the House. They have a majority of Republicans in the Senate. They could very easily have passed and sent to the President for signature 13 appropriations bills. Thirteen appropriations bills could have been signed into law, and there would be no Government shutdown today.  Do not talk about this as being some kind of a case where our side and their side or the White House and the congressional leadership cannot meet agreement. If we, here in the Congress, had done the work we are paid to do, hired to do, elected to do--that is, pass our bills on time--everybody would be at work today. None of the stoppages would be occurring. There would be none of the inconvenience and the tourists here in the Capitol would be able to see something besides just us.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  