President, I am an original cosponsor of the Rockefeller amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote for its adoption. This is a simple amendment, and its passage will send an important message to America's veterans that we will not forget our obligations to them.  Veteran's medical care accounts for nearly half of the budget of the Department of Veterans Affairs. It provides for the care and treatment of eligible beneficiaries in VA hospitals, nursing homes, and outpatient facilities. When you walk down the halls VA hospitals like the one in White River Junction, VT, you see the proud faces and shattered bodies of men who have given more to their country than just lip-service and taxes. I say men because the overwhelming majority of these veterans are men, although the number of women veterans is rising.  Mr. President, if there is one area where everyone can agree that the Federal Government has a compelling role, it is in the care of our Nation's service disabled and indigent veterans. It is the Federal Government which raises armies and the Federal Government which sends our young people off to war. It is the Federal Government which is obligated to take care of veterans after the shooting stops.  The appropriations bill before us cuts the VA medical care account $511 million below the President's request. No one can stand in front of this body and say that these cuts are not going to affect veterans, because the fact is that they will. They will make a difference in the services provided at White River Junction and at VA hospitals across the country. This amendment restores the medical care fund back to the President's request, and uses the funds from Republican tax cuts to pay for it.  Everyone in this body is familiar with the $245 billion in tax cuts that have been proposed by the Republican leadership. I have been against these cuts from the start, because more than half of the benefits go toward those who make more than $100,000 a year. Let me tell you, I do not hear from too many Vermonters making that much money that say they need a tax cut. I would consider supporting tax cuts that target the lower and middle class, but not this one. By voting for this amendment, we are putting our spending priorities back where they belong, and that is on providing services for the veterans who have earned them.  I think more people around the Senate should heed the words of Abraham Lincoln, which are chiseled on a plaque at the Veterans Administration building a few blocks from here. These words ring as true today as they did in the aftermath of the bloody Civil War: ``To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan.''  I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important amendment.  