President, I think the Lieberman-Leahy amendment is necessary because we have to make sure that if we deregulate cable rates, we do not do it on the backs of the consumers. And, right now we are. In most areas in this country, consumers are captive to monopoly cable service providers. In fact, the only thing that stands between the consumers' wallets and the monopoly cable company is regulation.  Under the telecommunications bill, the sure-fire way for a cable company to avoid regulation is to raise their rates across the country. It is very, very interesting what we are doing. If we sent this up for a national referendum, the Lieberman-Leahy amendment would be agreed to overwhelmingly. If we had a referendum by only some of the well-heeled PAC's and lobbyists around here, well then, of course, it goes down. So the question is: Who do we stand with?  We all get paid enough money so that $10 or $20 added onto our cable rates each month probably does not seem like a lot. But to most people living in Vermont or any other State in this country, that is a big difference. Ask people who get cable television in this country whether they think their cable rates would go up or down if monopoly cable companies are left to themselves to decide what the rates would be.  The American people are pretty smart. They know darn well if we let the cable companies have a monopoly and have no regulation, those rates are going to go up. They are never going to come down. The only times they have come down is when Congress stepped in. In fact, when we passed the 1992 Cable Act, President Bush vetoed it, and we overrode the veto, because consumers were being gouged by cable company monopolies. Cable rates were rising three times faster than the inflation rate. Every American knew it, and finally Congress got the message and they overrode the Presidential veto.  Consumers demanded action to stop the rising cable rates. The law worked. In fact, since passage of that law, consumers have saved an estimated $3 billion, and they have seen an average 17 percent drop in their monthly rates. As rates have gone down, more people have signed up. Last year alone, over 1.5 million new customers signed up for cable service. One would think the word would get across: If you keep the rates reasonable, more people are going to join.  The telecommunications bill would lift the lid on cable rates.  Under current law, cable rate regulation is dispensed with only when the FCC finds there is ``effective competition'' in a local market.  The telecommunications bill, as reported, would change this law by deeming ``effective competition'' to be present wherever a local phone company offers video programming, regardless of the number of subscribers to, or households reached by, the service.  The bill would also lift rate regulation for upper tiers of cable service, unless the cable operator is a ``bad actor'' and charges substantially more than the national average. Of course, the national average could be set by the two largest cable companies. They almost have an incentive to raise the national average and the rates.  In fact, the day after Senator Lieberman and I held a press conference to voice our concerns over the cable deregulation parts of the bill, the managers' amendment to this bill was adopted in an effort to provide more protection to consumers from the spiraling cable rates after deregulation. But I do not believe it goes far enough.  The managers' amendment ties rate regulation to whatever the national average was on June 1 of this year, to be adjusted every 2 years. But that still means if the two or three largest cable companies raise their rates, the national average will go up, and rates for all consumers would spiral upward.  Now, Mr. President, if any one of us went to a town meeting in our State and we said: Here is the way we are going to set cable rates. We are going to allow two or three huge cable companies to determine what the national average will be for your rates, and we will leave it to their good judgment. Should they raise rates, well, then everybody's rates would go up. If they lower rates, everybody's rates will go down. And now, ladies and gentlemen in this town meeting, what do you think those big cable companies are going to do? Will they raise your rates, or will they say their subscribers are paying enough--``Let us lower the rates, let us give the average household a break?''  Well, just asking the question, we would get laughed out of the hall. Every American who gets cable knows the cable companies are not going to just lower the rates on their own. I hear this back home. I do not care if a person is Republican, Democrat, independent, whatever, they are saying the same thing: Cable rates are too high. They also say that unless you have real competition to bring rates down, do not leave the cable companies to set the rates, because they are never going to bring them down. They are always going to raise them. Under this bill, the more cable operators raise rates, the more they can avoid regulation of their rate increases. If cable rate regulation is lifted before you have effective competition, then you can expect the rates to go up at least $5 to $10 a month. We are trusting in the generosity and good will of the cable companies. Good Lord, Mr. President, we are all adults; we ought to be smart enough to know better than that.  The Lieberman-Leahy amendment would fix the cable rate regulation problems in the bill. Our amendment would use competitive market rates as a benchmark for whether rate regulation is needed to protect consumers. Instead of letting a few cable companies control the cable rates for all consumers in the Nation, our amendment would ensure that rates are fair. Regulators can step in to protect consumers when rates are out of line with competitive markets.  Small cable companies, particularly in rural areas, of course, have different economic pressures on them than operators in high-density areas. Our amendment would exempt small cable companies from rate regulation. If you are in rural Pennsylvania or rural Vermont, and your house is maybe a mile or two a part, it obviously would cost you more to set up your cable system than if you are wiring high-rise apartments in a high-density area.  I do not think we have to give cable companies any incentive to raise rates. Mr. President, I have a feeling the cable companies will figure out how they can raise rates, without us encouraging them to do it. I do not think any one of us wants to go back home and tell our constituents that we passed legislation that actually encourages cable companies to raise rates, rather than doing something to hold them down.  We stepped in once before, over a Presidential veto, to curb spiraling cable rates. The Lieberman-Leahy amendment ensures that consumers have the protection they need. Do you not think we ought to do this?  Now, if we have a situation where we have two or three cable companies in one community or one area, I would rely on competition to bring the prices down, and it will. But when you only have one cable company, or if you have a telephone company that has come in and bought out the cable company, so that you have a monopoly on top of a monopoly, Mr. President, altruism is not going to bring those rates down. People are not going to see their rates come down just out of good will on the part of the cable company. We are either going to have effective competition or regulation. If we have effective competition, let cable companies set their own rates. But if you have a monopoly, you should have regulation that is going to bring the rates down.  Again, I will tell you this. Any member of the public that is getting cable television would agree that if this was a referendum among the taxpayers of this country who have cable television, they would vote overwhelmingly for the Lieberman-Leahy amendment. If you are somebody representing one of the cable monopolies, of course, you [[Page S8428]] are not going to want it because it is going to say that you do not have a license to print money. That is basically what they are going to have--a license to print money--if we do not have some regulation on them.  Let us at least wait until there is real competition. Some have said that these new satellite dishes will do it. Well, there is only, I believe, 600,000 or so of those in the country. Less than 1 percent of the people get their service that way. It is about $600, $700 to set it up. Let us wait until there is real competition.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  