President, I must disagree with my good friend. I understand his concern. I understand his disagreement with the Under Secretary. But I hope one might take a look at the letter from the Secretary of Agriculture. Let me read one of the things Secretary Glickman says.       When Congress differs with the Department's policies      carried out by the Under Secretary, I recommend, and hope, we      debate those policies on their merits; we will arrive at a      much more satisfactory resolution of whatever disagreements      may exist than we would by permitting policy debates to      devolve into personalities.  The Secretary, who was a distinguished Member of Congress himself, was not unaware of how Members of Congress can express dissatisfaction with administration and administration policies. The Secretary served here in both Democrat and Republican administrations, as have I and the Secretary, like I have, would disagree with policies of both Democrat and Republican administrations and would fight to change those policies. But he, like I, would not think to do it by making basically personal attacks, an ad hominem attack against a member of the administration.  Secretary Glickman goes on to say:       The amendments would, if adopted, set an alarming precedent      that will no doubt continue under future Administrations. The      precedent will, I fear, encumber, not enhance, our ability to      resolve disagreements and will unnecessarily complicate      arriving at mutually acceptable public policies.  Frankly, if each time we disagree with the Secretary, or anybody else, if we take our disagreement to the floor and try to eliminate that person's job, I agree that is not the precedent to set. I say that again, as one who, over 21 years here, has disagreed with policies set by those in the administration, both Democrat and Republican. But where we have disagreed I have sought ways to change those policies either by going directly to the administration and, when unsuccessful there, to write new legislation that might change the policy. I cannot recall any time that I sought to eliminate the person's job in doing it because I daresay in virtually any policy that is going on in any administration with 100 of us, there are going to be 40 to 50 different disagreements.  Are we going to be here as in the Dracula hours of legislation, those hours when actually legislation gets voted on after dark, after our families have gone home, after our families have gone to bed, and in keeping with the new family-friendly Congress, when we finally get around to decide to start voting on these things? Are we going to have 40, 50, 60 amendments out here attacking 40, 50, 60 individuals in the administration, this administration or the next administration or the administration after that? I do not think it is the way to do it. It does not make for good legislation. It does not make for good public policy, and it does not change things that we might want to change.  It is far better, if we have differences, to go to the Cabinet member who is the head of the agency. I know Dan Glickman, the Secretary of Agriculture. I daresay there is not a Member of this body who, if he or she called Secretary Glickman, who would not get a phone call back immediately, and they would be able to talk to him.  I have worked with Secretary Lyons, who I have found to be very helpful. I have found him to be very forthright, forthright not to tell me when he disagrees with me, and he will not do the things I might want. But we either agree or we disagree. If we go off and say that somehow because we disagree with him because of the law that he should be stripped of his authority, would we not have done that in the past administration? If we wanted to do that, think of the previous Assistant Secretary under the Bush administration.  The Federal court in Seattle found the Bush administration had violated the National Forest Management Act. That is not just one individual Senator's feeling that maybe they were not following the law; a Federal court found they violated the act. Have we seen Members of the Senate on either side of the aisle rush to the floor to introduce legislation to say the Bush administration has been found by the Federal courts to be in violation of the law, and, thus, the Assistant Secretary who is in charge of carrying out that law--we are going to get rid of him? I do not recall anybody doing that.  Nobody went to strip Assistant Secretary Jim Moseley of his authority. What we did was say here is what the Federal court has ruled. Here is what we are going to do as a law, and, if we want some changes in that law so they will fit under our policies, we will vote and we will change the law. But nobody came in here and said the Federal court has said the Bush administration is not following the law, and therefore, we are going to strip the Assistant Secretary.  We have a difference of policy. We have a difference of policy. We are not changing policy by legislatively firing somebody. Section 318 means in the end it is going to have to be decided by the courts. If we fire every Assistant Secretary who loses a lawsuit, we would have fired a whole lot in the last administration and, I suspect, the administrations before them. But that is not the precedent that we want to start.  I have found the Assistant Secretary to be forthright in his dealings with me. Like everybody else in this administration, I found times when I agree and sometimes when I disagree. I have found disagreements in the members of the Clinton administration, the Bush administration, the Reagan administration, the Carter administration, the Ford administration, and all administrations which I served in. I do not ever recall having a disagreement with anybody in any one of those administrations where I came in the floor and said, ``Let us pass a law to fire him'' because of my disagreement with him. I would not want to see that precedent started. I did not see that precedent in the Ford administration nor the Carter administration nor the Bush administration, and I certainly would not want to see something to start in the present administration.  