President, I will speak later in greater detail about Senator Heflin, but I would like to say a couple of words about my good friend Howell Heflin.  When I became chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I went to Howell Heflin and said, ``I'm going to need your help and advice regarding commodities from your area. As we write farm bills, I'm going to need to know how they will affect Alabama.'' I knew, even after a short while, I could always call on him for such help.  I sit next to him on the other side from Paul Simon in the Senate Judiciary Committee. I have had the advantage sometimes of a running commentary from Judge Heflin. I have often thought that some of the things he is whispering in my ears in the Judiciary Committee would make far better reading than what was in the official transcript, and it sometimes influenced me a heck of lot more than what was in the official transcript.  I also had an advantage on the Senate Agriculture Committee where I looked at him and Senator Pryor as the voices of Southern agriculture on our side of the aisle.  Senator Heflin invited me down to Alabama. He vouched for me. He even offered to do a simultaneous translation for me while I was speaking. He told me I could give a 10-minute speech while he translated it into Southern. He said it would take 30 minutes to repeat it, so I should not talk too long.  Mr. President, it was amazing. We went out into small towns. We did a hearing in someone's barn, as I recall. Now, this was a Senate hearing. I brought Republicans and Democrats with me.  We knew where the barn was, because all the signs were not ``Welcome, Senate Agriculture Committee,'' not ``Welcome, Chairman,'' or anything else. It was, ``Welcome, Howell,'' or ``Welcome, Senator Heflin,'' or ``The farmers of'' whatever county it was--I still remember that barn; I cannot remember the name of the county--``welcome Senator Heflin.''  We went there, and then went on to what understood would be a small dinner. Well, we went into this school and the place was a mob scene.  They were asking the tall bald guy to get out of the way because they wanted to see the real--the real--Senate agriculture expert, Howell Heflin. We went in there, and, Mr. President, I heard Senator Heflin speak about going back to his hometown, and he said, ``It's a wonderful little town to be from; it is the best little town in America to go home to.''  Having seen him in Alabama, and having seen the way he feels the roots of his State, I truly believe that.  In fact, I listened to that with some understanding, because as he knows from traveling with me, I feel the same roots in my own State of Vermont. We are blessed because we both know we have a hometown to go home to. He will get there a little bit ahead of me, but I think how fortunate he is to have that. How fortunate his own State of Alabama has been to have him, a voice of sanity, of reason, of moderation, in the best sense of the word, on the Senate Judiciary Committee; a voice where he is a strong advocate for his State but still looking to be an advocate in a way that can help reach consensus with other Senators. His goal was not to win for the sake of winning, but to win because it was the right thing.  I admire that as I admire both he and Mike have been good friends of Marcelle and myself.  We have had great times, from him asking me how I justified smoking a Cuban cigar--I told him I was burning Castro's crops and treating that Communist the way we should--to him coming to me and saying on a couple of occasions, ``You know, you may not be able to get exactly this bill that you want, but I wouldn't be surprised if you modified it a little bit here, if you spoke to this Senator, this Republican and this Democrat, we can work it out,'' and we always did.  Mr. President, I feel, as others who have spoken, that we have been blessed and benefited by serving with Senator Heflin. I have enjoyed that service. I have looked forward to the times we have been in committee meetings sitting beside each other. I admire him as a Senator. I respect him as an intellectual giant in this body, and especially I have so much affection for him as a good friend.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  