President, first, I want to repeat what I said earlier today. I commend the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Democratic leader for their efforts. And I commend the President of the United States. I have talked with the distinguished majority leader about this, and without going into that discussion, I have discussed it also with the distinguished Democratic leader, and I have discussed the budget discussions with the President. I am absolutely convinced that all three want to find our way out of this. I am also convinced that the Republican leader, the Democratic leader, and the President want to have a balanced budget by the year 2002.  Obviously, as I said earlier today, there will not be a budget that has everything President Clinton wants in it and there will not be a budget that has everything the distinguished majority leader wants in it or the distinguished Democratic leader wants in it or everything I might want in it. But we can reach agreement.  I am concerned that some in the other body seem to think of this as some kind of a holy crusade where they must have every single item they can think of, irrespective of the damage it does to the majority of House and Senate Members of both parties. That is not what was considered by the Founders of this country. It is not the reason we have different parties. It is not the reason why we have two bodies of the Congress and a President.  It is difficult for other countries around the world to look at this, the most powerful Nation on Earth, the largest economy on Earth, a democracy which is held up as a shining example around the world, to see us paralyzed in this way. It is not the way it was intended to be. It is not the way it should be.  So I suggest that perhaps it is time to stop the gimmicks of holding up tin foil keys or saying we will be here and work this out, and then immediately afterward hopping on an airplane at taxpayers' expense to go home for Christmas vacation, and to do what the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Democratic leader and the President are doing, sit down and try to work this out.  But I hope, Mr. President, and I believe I am joined by most Members of this body in this hope, that we let those Americans who are out of work in the Federal Government, who have a vital role to play in making the greatest, most powerful Nation on Earth operate, let them go back to work.  Every one of us joined in sorrow when so many of those Federal workers in the home State of the distinguished Presiding Officer died. We did not ask whether they were Republicans or Democrats, liberals or conservatives, we just knew that brave Americans who support our country and help our country operate died in the terrible terrorist blast.  But we have a lot of other Americans too who come with pride to work for their country. And that pride has to be shaken. And their whole question of being has to be shaken. I hope we can put them back to work. And I hope that we can show the rest of the country and the rest of the world how a great nation operates in a democracy.  Certainly that does not mean that I will agree with everything that the distinguished majority leader might propose in this budget, nor he with me, nor perhaps either one of us with all the things that the President might propose. But I have been here for 21 years, the distinguished majority leader has been here for 27 years, and had served with distinction in the other body prior to that. He and I have been on many committees of conference. We have been in many leadership meetings where we have debated proposals. We know that nobody ever walks out a winner on every single point that they came in wanting.  But I think it is safe to say he and I many times have been in meetings, sometimes contentious, sometimes not, but ultimately everybody wanted to do what was best for the country. So I wish him well. I wish Senator Daschle well. I wish the President well. I wish everybody else who is involved in these negotiations well because this country needs it. This has gone beyond party or person. It is what the country needs. I yield the floor.  