President, the Senator from Utah, of course, was a trial attorney, as was I and the distinguished occupant of the chair. I listened to his debate. I recall some of the trials that I was in. I recall some where we were ending up having long trials on contracts. Usually, what brought us there was the fact that somebody had said at one point, ``Sign this contract. You do not have to read all of the print in it. Let us hurry up and get this going because time is wasting.''  Then, later on, of course, we were in a long trial trying to figure out just what somebody had signed away.  Basically, my good friend from Utah is saying that time is wasting. Sign this. He, of course, says it is a rules change. It is a lot more than that. We are amending the Constitution.  We are the most powerful nation on Earth. We are also the most powerful democracy history has ever known.  No other country has achieved, in economic or military power, the diversity the United States has. No other country has even come close to such a clear and concise Constitution as we have. We have only amended it 17 times since the Bill of Rights.  Yet, in the past few weeks, since the elections last fall, we have had 75 proposals to change the Constitution. Can you imagine, Mr. President? We were able to keep on somehow as a country for 200 years, amending the Constitution only 17 times since the Bill of Rights; but somehow America has so changed in the last 4 months since the elections in November that we have to have 75 new constitutional amendments? I really cannot accept that.  I say to my good friend from Utah that when he speaks of the amount the debt has gone up, and that if we pass this, somehow the suggestion is that it would stop--well, the balanced budget amendment, which is far more than a rules change, which does not say how we are going to get there, says that in the year 2002, whoever might still be standing will somehow come up and miraculously balance the budget. It does nothing to stop this increase in debt.  In fact, I point out that during the 1980's, incidentally, during the 6 years that the party of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee controlled the U.S. Senate, they, along with the President, nearly quadrupled the national debt, more than the debt that had been piled up over in the previous 200 years, including two world wars. During that 6 years, they were in control and quadrupled the American debt.  In fact, when you look at how much the debt is piling up today, virtually all of it is interest on the debt they piled up during those 6 years. We spend nearly $500 million every working day just on interest on the debt that was piled up during those halcyon days of the 1980's.  President Clinton was the first President since I have been in the Senate who actually had a budget which, 3 years in a row, has cut the deficit. President Clinton is the first President to cut the deficit for 3 years in a row since President Truman. He would actually have a balanced budget if he was not having to find money to pay for the interest on the debt run up by his two Republican predecessors. I do not say that to be partisan but simply to set the record straight.  In fact, one of the local dailies in Vermont, the Burlington Free Press, has a cartoon in today's paper. It shows a rather rotund person flying through the congressional Chambers, little wings flapping away. He is smoking a big cigar, and he has a thing on his shirt that says ``Balanced Budget Amendment.'' And here are all these eager, young Members of Congress clapping and clapping, saying, ``If you believe in fairies, keep clapping, keep clapping.''  That is what the balanced budget amendment is about.  Frankly, Mr. President, I would like to know more of what we are going to do if this passes. We can look at how much debt is piling up. This debt will keep piling up to the year 2002, I am afraid, even if we pass this, unless we have the will to vote to actually cut the deficit. The only Presidential budgets that have cut the deficit have been those President Clinton has submitted in the last couple of years--with no votes on the Republican side of the aisle to actually bring down the deficit. The Republican side of the aisle voted to quadruple the debt when they were in control of the Senate and when they had the Presidency. Not one of them voted to bring it down.  We overwhelmingly passed a bill against unfunded mandates. But the balanced budget amendment may be the biggest unfunded mandate of all time. It ignores the two fundamental principles underlying the reasons we are against unfunded mandates: The Federal Government should not shift burdens onto the States without paying for them; and to protect against such shifts, we have to examine the unintended consequences of Federal actions on State and local governments.  The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has estimated that Congress has to achieve $1.2 trillion in deficit reductions if we are going to balance the budget by 2002. If we are going to do that, all of us know it is going to affect local and State governments.  Unless we carefully balance the budget, the balanced budget constitutional amendment could be a disaster for the States. I do not support the balanced budget amendment, but I assume it is going to pass. I worry about what it will do in my own State. If we look at some of the ways we could have cuts, we can do across-the-board spending cuts, for example, and that avoids having to make the choices needed to balance the budget. [[Page S2221]]   But the Treasury Department looked at this, in answer to a question from Governor Dean of Vermont. They said that assuming Social Security and defense cuts were off the table--and the Republican majority said they are--then the Treasury analysis predicts cuts in Medicaid, highway grants, welfare, and other Federal grants in Vermont that would total $200 million. If we wanted to offset these losses, Vermont would have to increase State taxes by 17 percent.  They also looked at other States. New York would lose over $8 billion in Federal grants, resulting in a State tax increase of 17 percent to make up the difference. California would lose $7.7 billion in Federal grants, resulting in a State tax increase of 9 percent to make up the difference. Texas would lose over $4 billion in Federal grants, resulting in a State tax increase of 14 percent to make up the difference. Louisiana would lose $2 billion, resulting in a State tax increase of 27 percent to make up the difference.  In another study, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that by 2002, Vermont would have cumulative cuts in Federal aid to the State and local government of $1 billion due to the balanced budget amendment. We are a very small State; others would lose a great deal more.  The Children's Defense Fund has estimated what the balanced budget amendment would do to children. Children do not vote, children do not have PAC funds, and children do not have political influence; but children are going to really feel it. In Vermont, 4,850 babies, preschoolers, and pregnant women would lose infant formula under the WIC program; 13,900 children would lose subsidized school lunches; 13,750 children would lose Medicaid health coverage. The other 49 States would, of course, have similar losses.  So House Joint Resolution 1, the balanced budget amendment, may become the super silent unfunded mandate. I know what is going to happen in my State. We will do everything possible in our churches, our synagogues, our private organizations, to pick up the difference, but the State will ultimately have to pick up a great deal of it. It may not pick up all of it. To do so would require 17 percent in higher taxes. I do not believe that would happen. We would find a lot of the children, pregnant women, and others left off the rolls. At the same time, Vermont taxes would go up.  Basically, it is the ultimate budget gimmick. It is the easy, feel-good budget gimmick. We do not have to make any hard choices. We can just pass this and say we did our bit, and guess what? In the year 2002, a Senate and House full of angels will stand up here and somehow do everything that we are unwilling to do and, of course, what they will do is simply pass it on to the States and the local communities.  We have passed the buck to the States before. Federal aid to State and local governments fell sharply in the 1980's, at the same time we were quadrupling the national debt. In fact, during that time, in my State of Vermont--I suspect as in most other States--State and local taxes went up to make up the difference.  So let us talk to the States and tell them exactly what is in here. I support Senator Daschle's amendment. We should let the States know what the details are; and if they know what the details are, then those who do support this balanced budget amendment can work in conjunction with them to ratify this constitutional amendment.  What I am afraid of is we are going to pass this, and everybody is going to go home and say, ``Look what we did,'' and instead of the checks in the mail to the States, the bill will be in the mail.  I would note that almost every weekend when I go home, I have a lot of people come up to me when I am pumping gas in my car, shoveling snow, in the grocery store or just walking down the street to pick up a paper, people come up to me and say they favor this amendment, but only if they know what is going to be in it. They want to know the effect of this constitutional amendment before it is passed.  And in Vermont, we are no different than the rest of the country. CNN did a poll that said 74 percent of those surveyed support the right to know. The Los Angeles Times found it was 80 percent. They surveyed the whole Nation. Eighty percent of Americans want what Senator Daschle is suggesting in his amendment. Let us know what is in the balanced budget amendment.  I said before that when I practiced law and a client would come in with a contract that had some big type and a whole lot of little type, I would say: You go ahead and read the big type. You do not need a lawyer for that. You need a lawyer to read the small type. That is the ``gotcha'' kind of type. The effect of this amendment are the small type, the ``gotcha. The big type is the balanced budget amendment. We could put that on a bumper sticker. ``We balanced the budget,'' whoop-de-do. It means that someone in the next century, the next millennium, will then stand up and make the hard choices.  But what we should do is say we are going to at least tell you what is involved in this amendment, where the cuts are, what the states are going to have to do. Then, if the Congress and the States want to amend the Constitution for the 18th time in nearly 200 years after the Bill of Rights, then go ahead and do it. If it is that important, then do it.  But do not sell the American people on the idea that suddenly, if we just tamper with this Constitution, the real contract with America, we are going to solve all our budget problems. Do not tell the American people that after 200 years of the most powerful, diverse democracy in history, a democracy that has existed with only 17 amendments to the Constitution since the Bill of Rights, that suddenly we need these 75 amendments, including this one, to make us a real democracy.  We are the envy of the rest of the world. Every emerging democracy looks at our Constitution to see how to do it. And we should not allow that to change.  So does the debt rise each day, even as we debate? Of course, it does.  But I would point out there are a lot of people who stood on this floor during the 1980's, when the other party controlled the Senate, as they do now, and voted for one huge--one huge--deficit after another. President Reagan proposed them and then President Bush did. They quadrupled the national debt.  There are only seven of us left in this body who voted against that, and I am one of them. Ironically, had we been listened to, we would have a balanced budget today. Instead, our deficit today is about what we are paying for the interest, legally obligated interest, on that debt of the 1980's.  So next time we talk about doing this by slogans, let the reality at least come up even with the rhetoric, and the reality is a lot different than the rhetoric.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  