President, I understand that some negotiations were going on while we were in the quorum call.  I would like to note some of my feelings on this bill, because I will have a number of amendments and will be joining with others on amendments, including, for example, the amendment of the Senator from North Dakota, on VIII(c) and others.  Mr. President, the telecommunications bill that we are considering will have an enormous impact on multibillion-dollar cable, phone, and broadcast industries. [[Page S8067]]   But beyond that, it also affects the pocketbooks of every one of our constituents, and of every single American. It will affect the array of telecommunications services available for each of us, and the choices that we as Americans and as consumers will have.  Most of us and certainly this is true in Vermont, have no choice who gives us cable TV service or our local phone service. Whether or not the service is good, we are stuck with our local phone or cable company. We do not have any choice in the matter.  And, if the price is too high, our only choice is to cut-back on service or to drop it altogether. When I look at the telecommunications bill, my first question is will this foster competition, because competition will give consumers lower prices and more choices than simply cutting back or dropping a service altogether.  I think Congress has been behind the curve in telecommunications. We need to update our laws to take account of the blurring of the formerly distinct separation of cable, telephone, computer, and broadcast services, and encourage new competitors in each of these markets.  The distinguished Senator from South Carolina [Senator Hollings], I know, worked at trying to bring out a bill to that effect last year. Efforts have been made between the distinguished managers, the chairman, and the ranking member this year.  The key, in my view, is providing a legal framework that promotes competition and protects consumers.  The Government's role in the future of telecommunications must be carefully defined. There is no question that bad regulation can stifle the growth of industry. There are other times, however, when both the Federal and the State agencies can foster the competition we need. And, of course, that is particularly important if you are dealing with monopoly industries.  Senator Thurmond, the chairman of the Antitrust Subcommittee, and I held a hearing on this bill a few weeks ago. One witness pointed out there are only two things standing between a monopolist and the consumer's wallet: Competition or regulation. You need one or the other, because if you get rid of both, the consumer may as well just hand over his wallet.  Some of the efforts made in doing away with regulation give some of the telecommunications giants a license to print money. They certainly will not reduce prices--if all regulation is done away with, and there is no competition there. What is their incentive? To lower costs? Of course not. That is as apt to happen as a belief in the Easter bunny. The fact is, they will raise costs.  So I have a number of questions. I hope with some amendments we can address some concerns I have with the bill.  First, the bill would permit our local phone monopoly to buy out our local cable monopoly so the consumers have even less choice. If you have just one monopoly cable company and one monopoly telephone company, and that telephone company buys out the cable company, do you really think rates are going to go down for your cable service? Of course not. We have not found any cable companies by themselves that have been eager to lower rates, and they do not. Suddenly, if there is no regulation and no possibility of competition, one company owns both the telephone and the cable, it does not take a genius to know what happens. The price goes up. In fact it is a new version of Willie Sutton, go to that monopoly because ``that is where the money is.''  So, as we stand on a precipice between a new world of healthy competition between telephone and cable companies to serve all consumers, let us not go back to a one-wire world, where one monopoly company does both cable and phone service.  The bill unleashes the Bell operating companies, which have monopoly control over the phone wires going into our homes, and lets them into the long-distance market without a formal Department of Justice analysis. I think that is wrong and I will speak more on it a little later on.  Then the bill takes the lid off cable rates before there is any competition in cable service.  If we had a nationwide referendum on taking the lid off cable rates, how do you think the American public would vote? It would be the most resounding ``no'' vote you ever heard. Yet the special interests want us to give a ``yes'' vote here.  Does anybody think if you have a totally unrestricted cable system--unrestricted because there is no competition or unrestricted because there is no regulation--that they are going to lower their rates? If anybody believes that, I have a mountain in Vermont to sell you, a bridge in New York to sell you, and a place called the Grand Canyon, and I have the quit claim deeds all ready to go.  Cable rates are bound to go up. They are going to force consumers to make the hard choice of cutting back or turning off their cable service.  Fourth, the bill rolls back State efforts to promote competition. For instance, 10 States require ``1-plus'' dialing for in-State, short-haul toll calls so consumers do not have to dial cumbersome access codes for carriers other than the local exchange carrier. The bill would preempt these dialing parity requirements that would hurt competition in the in-State toll market, it would hurt the consumer, and again it removes choices of people.  Senators Simpson, Kerrey, Simon, and Feingold are working with me on an amendment to restore State authority to require ``1-plus'' dialing. Other provisions in the bill that should be corrected would preempt State laws on judicial review of State regulatory commission decisions, and prohibit use of rate of return regulation.  Last, there are provisions in this bill that threaten to chill the flow of information and communications on the Internet. They undercut privacy of communications for on-line communications and the ability for the court to conduct court-authorized wiretaps for fighting crime. Users of the Internet are very concerned.  I saw on the Internet, as I was going through it--and I know the distinguished Presiding Officer is one who is familiar with that. I think he and I probably spend as much time using electronic communications as anybody here. I saw an electronic petition that was circulated on the Internet by a coalition of civil liberties groups, including Voters Telecommunications Watch and Center for Democracy and Technology, because I suggested I would offer an amendment which makes it very clear that every one of us are against kiddie porn and all those things, but would protect the integrity of the Internet.  In just a few days here is what happened. This. This. In just about 2 weeks: 25,000 electronic petitions from all over the country, every State in this Union, in support of my amendment. I hope Senators will consider what people have done. And I will speak more on that and we will have an amendment on that. But 25,000 people have already heard and expressed their concern.  This bill does contain provisions that I heartily endorse. I commend Senators Pressler and Hollings, and the members of the Commerce Committee, for their attention to universal service and the special concerns that we share for rural customers and those in small towns. They have also attended to promoting access to networks and services by individuals with physical disabilities, and providing incremental rates for rural health clinics, schools and libraries. These are essential components of an effective national information policy. Like the Freedom of Information Act and public access channels, these concepts will help make increasing citizen participation a reality.  Telecommunications is critical to the economic health of our country, the education of our children, the delivery of health care services to our citizens and our overall quality of life. The explosion of new technologies in telecommunications has fueled many of our newest innovations and will continue to create new opportunities, some of them unimagined today.  Our challenge is to try to keep pace with changes in technology that are driving changes in the marketplace. With this legislation, we are making changes in the legal framework governing our telecommunications industries, and we must keep our eye on making our laws more procompetitive and proconsumer.   [[Page S8068]] What I am saying is that our country has made enormous advances in telecommunications. But in those areas where we have not had real competition, we have stayed behind other parts of the world. With real competition we can not only catch up with the rest of the world, we can be in advance of the rest of the world. Let us make sure what we come up with here fosters real competition, gives consumers a choice, and does not allow a few monopolists to set the rates that all of us have to pay.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  