President, passage of this bill is part of our effort to improve intellectual property protection around the world. I hope that it will serve to improve trademark enforcement domestically and serve as a model for our trading partners overseas.  Along with the Anti-Counterfeiting and Consumer Protection Act of 1995, S. 1360, which recently passed the Senate and has already been the subject of a hearing and markup before the House Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual Property, this bill will help protect the good names, reputations for quality, and investments of American companies from IBM to Ben & Jerry's.  Although no one else has yet considered this application, it is my hope that this antidilution statute can help stem the use of deceptive Internet addresses taken by those who are choosing marks that are associated with the products and reputations of others.  I thank our House colleagues for their work on this bill. It is a pleasure to work with Chairman Moorhead and the House subcommittee on these matters. I commend, in particular, Representative Schroeder for her outstanding work on this measure. Our House colleagues have announced their intention not to seek reelection next fall. Their leadership and judgment will be greatly missed.  When we in the Senate last considered and passed a similar bill to provide an injunctive remedy against the dilution of the effectiveness of distinctive marks, we did so as part of more comprehensive trademark revision legislation in 1988. Since that time the dilution of well-known marks has become a greater problem both domestically and, especially, internationally.  We intend for this legislation to strengthen the hand of our international negotiators from the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative and the Department of Commerce as they press for bilateral and multilateral agreements to secure greater protection for the world famous marks of our U.S. companies. Foreign countries should no longer argue that we do not protect our marks from dilution, nor seek to excuse their own inaction against practices that are destructive of the distinctiveness of U.S. marks within their borders.  I am delighted that bill now includes express reference to fair use, news reporting, and news commentary. I continue to believe, as our House colleagues also affirm, that parody, satire, editorial, and other forms of expression will remain unaffected by this legislation.  Finally, I want to acknowledge the strong support of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the Department of Commerce, and that of the International Trademark Association and its many members. Without their efforts, we would not be in position to approve this legislation and send it to the President for his signature.  Mr. President, this was an example of Senator Hatch, myself, and others working in a bipartisan effort to get a major piece of legislation through. I thank the leader for his efforts in getting it through.  