President, I rise in strong support for the amendment offered by the distinguished Senator from New Jersey.  It restores $43 billion in cuts over the next 7 years in the earned income tax credit in the Senate Republican reconciliation bill.  At a time when many working Americans are struggling to make ends meet, the Senate Republican budget would hike Federal taxes on low- and moderate-income working families. It would also raise some State taxes on these same working families.  This is a double whammy on working families.  This Federal tax increase will also raise taxes in seven States that have a State earned income tax credit tied to the Federal credit, including my home State of Vermont.  This bill will raise both State and Federal taxes on 27,000 Vermont working families earning less than $28,500 a year.  As a result of this double tax jeopardy, working Vermonters will lose $64 million in Federal earned income tax credit benefits and an additional $16 million in State earned income tax credit benefits over the next 7 years.  On average, about 63 percent of Vermont taxpayers would see their taxes rise under this bill because of these earned income tax credit cuts.  Under the Senate bill, a Vermont family of four earning $15,610 a year, the 1995 poverty line, would lose $4,500 of earned income tax credit benefits over the next 7 years--$3,600 cut in the Federal earned income tax credit and $900 cut in the State earned income tax credit.  A Vermont family of four making $22,000 a year would fare even worse--suffering a loss of $1,208 in State earned income tax credit and a loss of $4,831 in Federal earned income tax credit over the next 7 years.  It is very doubtful that the Vermont General Assembly can afford to increase the State earned income tax credit to make up this loss, with even more Federal cuts on the way.  Workers are treading water or worse against the rising tide of inflation and low wages. Now is not the time to cut a tax credit that will raise Federal and State taxes on low- and moderate-income families.  Instead, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to restore the earned income tax credit.  