 That part of the Contract with America guts strong competitive bidding requirements which have put millions of pregnant women, infants and children on the WIC program at no cost to taxpayers in recent years.  These are provisions which I and my Senate colleagues from both sides of the aisle included in child nutrition legislation in 1987 and in 1989 and which the Senate Appropriations Committee mandated in 1988 with strong bipartisan support.  I am concerned that this victory is eliminated by the House bill.  These efforts on the House side raise serious concerns about why House [[Page S5371]] members want to provide millions of dollars to the four huge corporations that manufacture infant formula.  The details of this tragedy are set forth in articles in the Wall Street Journal ``Four Drug Firms Could Gain $1 Billion Under GOP Nutrition-Program Revision,'' Hilary Stout, February 28, 1995; the New York Times ``Formula for Tragedy,'' Bob Herbert Op Ed, March 25, 1995; and the Washington Post ``Food Program Defender Becomes a Dismantler,'' David Maraniss and Michael Weisskopf, April 4, 1995.  WIC serves children at some of the most critical times of their lives. It feeds mothers when they are pregnant or breastfeeding. And it feeds children during their important, early development years.  WIC is a proven success story. A 1991 USDA study showed that for every WIC dollar spent on a pregnant woman, between $2.98 and $4.75 was saved in Medicaid costs for the newborn during the first 60 days after birth.  Thus competitive bidding saves taxpayers doubly--first, it puts 1.5 million more eligible women, infants and children on the program at no costs to taxpayers, and it saves millions in Medicaid and other Federal costs, in addition to saving millions of dollars in family, local and State medical costs.  The details of this system are easy to explain. At retail stores, WIC participants exchange special vouchers for infant formula. The recipients pay nothing; the State reimburses the store for the full retail cost of the formula. The infant formula manufacturers then rebate a portion of the retail price to the State. The States are required to use the rebates to serve more persons who are eligible for WIC.  Under current law States are required to use competitive bidding, with certain exceptions, to buy infant formula for the WIC program. USDA has calculated that this provision now saves $1.1 billion a year and thus puts 1.5 million more women, infants and children on WIC at no extra cost to taxpayers.  That provision is eliminated by the Contract with America. That Contract should be renamed the ``Contract to Increase Profits of Drug Companies.''  That part of the Contract is a sham. It contains an extremely weak cost containment provision which will allow infant formula manufacturers to make a killing off the WIC program while allowing them to pretend to help WIC.  It will let drug giants donate small amounts of formula to State WIC programs, in front of their cameras, while making hundreds of millions of dollars in increased profits.  How have they been able to get this done in this Republican Congress? The Washington Post article that I referred to earlier, ``Food Program Defender Becomes a Dismantler,'' explains the influence of large corporations on the House. A short history lesson is in order.  Some years ago these drug giants hired the former Republican Ranking Member of the House Agriculture Committee and a former Republican Assistant Secretary of USDA who was in charge of WIC to fight competitive bidding at the State level.  Unfortunately, actions of the infant formula and infant cereals manufacturers have made such mandatory competitive bidding language necessary and demonstrate why the House bill will be an invitation to drug companies and cereal companies to siphon millions out of WIC.  As reported in Senate Hearing 101-979 (``Competitive Issues in Infant Formula Pricing,'' May 29, 1990) efforts were made by two major manufacturers Ross Laboratories--a division of Abbott Laboratories--and Mead-Johnson--a division of Bristol-Myers Squibb--to prevent individual States from using competitive bidding procedures. In 1985 three States--Tennessee, Oregon and South Carolina--announced plans to institute a competitive bidding system for the purchase of infant formula for WIC.  A group called the Infant Formula Council, an association of formula manufacturers, immediately opposed these cost containment ideas. The IFC sent letters to USDA and State officials opposing the plans and testified against this approach.  The Council retained a Washington law firm to raise legal concerns with such attempts by States to buy formula more cheaply. The IFC argued that State efforts to buy formula through competitive bidding would disrupt commercial channels of distribution of infant formula.  Tennessee went ahead anyway and set a deadline for bids from the companies to supply formula to WIC participants. However, not a single company submitted a bid.  That is why I, and many of my Senate colleagues, are very worried. Under the House Republican bill any State could fall prey to these same practices today as already discussed in the April 4, 1995, Washington Post article.  The former ranking Republican member of the House Agriculture Committee, Congressman Wampler, was hired to oppose these State voluntary efforts to use competitive bidding. Congressman Wampler was one of several well connected lobbyists hired by Mead Johnson and Ross Laboratories to persuade USDA either directly, or indirectly through Congressional intervention, to prevent States from moving ahead with plans to institute competitive bidding. Senate Hearing 101-979.  Mead-Johnson also hired the former Republican Assistant Secretary, Mary Jarrett, to help make sure that States did not use competitive bidding.  The new plan of attack by the companies was to only offer paltry cost containment deals to States. This would include giving States some free formula, or modest cash rebates, or free coupons instead of participating in competitive bidding.  I am very worried that smaller States such as my home State of Vermont could be easily victimized by the drug companies under the House bill.  The lawyers hired by the formula manufacturers then raised legal objections at the State and Federal level to competitive bidding. They also tried to convince States not to use competitive bidding but to instead offer States formula at discounted prices under a system then called open bidding which is fully described in that report.  A full description of the efforts of Republican lobbyists and the drug companies to promote cost containment instead of competitive bidding is detailed in Joint Hearing Report 102-135--Pricing and Promotion of Infant Formula, March 14, 1991.  Also, on Mach 6, 1990, Mead-Johnson sent letters to the other formula manufacturers advising them that Mead would only provide a 75 cent rebate for each can of formula purchased through WIC. Ross Laboratories and Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories--a division of American Home Products Corporation--followed suit and put in much lower rebate bids at or around 75 cents.  During the next 8 months, Mead submitted 75 cent rebate bids to 12 different States. In several States, Ross and Wyeth followed Mead's lead. Ross bid 75 cents 9 times, and 75.7 cents once.  When one company bids a rebate of $0.75 and soon after another bids $0.757, as Mead and Ross did in Wisconsin and Montana in early 1990, it does not take a genius to see how this could frustrate competitive bidding.  A very unusual development also took place which tipped off Federal investigators with the Federal Trade Commission. The same companies offered a better bid under what was called an open market system--whereby all companies matching a discounted price could sell formula to WIC in that State.  This higher rebate bid of $1.00 made no economic sense since the companies would have made more money off the exclusive competitive bid of 75 cents rather than the open market bid. This apparently was done to discourage states from using competitive bidding since it signalled states that the companies would bid $1.00 in an open market setting but only around 75 cents for a competitive bidding system. The chronology of infant formula rebate bids for 1990 shows this point.  I asked the FTC to investigate allegations of price fixing and bid rigging in the WIC program and the efforts to discourage states from using the best system for purchasing infant formula. The Federal Trade Commission found merit to the charges and filed actions against the three companies. Also, several States filed actions against formula companies for anti-trade activities which have been well detailed in the press.   [[Page S5372]] In June, 1992, the Federal Trade Commission found that three pharmaceutical companies tried to fix prices of infant formula they supply to the WIC program.  The FTC also concluded that competition was reduced because Mead Johnson announced in advance the amounts to be submitted in sealed bids to provide formula to the WIC program. Also, it was alleged by the FTC that Mead Johnson sought to limit advertising to the public and provided information to competitors signalling bidding preferences.  Two of the drug companies consented to having a Federal court issue relief against them. The companies--Mead Johnson and American Home Products--were ordered to provide formula to the WIC program free of charge as partial restitution.  The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities analyzed the harm to States from the advance price signaling in 1990. It concluded that after the Mead-Johnson letter announcing what it would bid in the future that States were harmed by over $14 million by increases in annual infant formula costs including the following: Indiana, $3.7 million cost increase; Minnesota, $1,811,000 increase; Mississippi, $1.7 million increase; Oklahoma, $1.4 million increase; Kentucky, $868,000 increase; Oregon, $867,000 increase; Colorado, $820,000 increase; West Virginia, $650,000 increase; Iowa, $539,000 increase; and Montana, with a $324,000 cost increase.  I am very worried, as are many of my Senate colleagues, that allowing these companies the opportunity to take more than one million participants off the program so the drug companies can make more profits is outrageous. The fact that the House cut $25 million out of the WIC budget for fiscal year 1995 also raises some concern. We will work to see that no one is taken off the WIC rolls in fiscal year 1995 because of funding limitations.  Senator Bumpers also took the lead in supporting and defending these competitive bidding requirements. What are the views of the Senator from Arkansas on this matter?  