President, let me read something from the journal of a mother who lost her husband 3\1/2\ years ago. She wrote in her account:       We never know what's to come for us, though, do we? I put      the boys to bed when their daddy went out. I went into the      kitchen and had a little laugh to myself when I saw the      saucepans sitting on the cooker. One was full of potatoes and      the other one had sprouts in it all ready for the Sunday. He      also had the roast cooked. I thought how organized my Karl      is.       A very curt male voice came on the phone saying he was a      police officer and asked if I could make my way to the police      station as my husband was in the hospital seriously ill. I      lost my mind at that moment and I don't think I have actually      found it all again.  She went on to say how when she arrived her husband was there but no longer alive, and speaks of her 5-year-old daughter awakening in the morning. She said:       What I was going to tell her was going to rob her of her      little innocent childhood. She came over to me with her wee      arms out and said, ``Where's my daddy?''  Mr. President, there is more to it, of course, and it will be in the Record. But it is a tale that I have heard from mothers and widows throughout Northern Ireland.  And really to that 5-year-old daughter, and those other children, it makes no difference whether the killer was Protestant or Catholic, whether they were unionists or loyalists in their allegiances, the fact is, of course, the children have lost their father. Those who are left in the family find their lives unalterably altered, their hopes and dreams are dashed.  I only hope, Mr. President, the peace we now see--a still somewhat tenuous peace--in Northern Ireland might hold and that all the parties involved, all the parties involved, might make an effort to make the peace lasting; that those who feel that they have to hold to past prejudices or to some rigors of diplomacy that may have made sense in a different age will now come together and start showing the kind of flexibility and willingness to talk to all parties, and all parties can sit down and talk together.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  