President, I compliment Senator McConnell for the job he has done in putting this bill together. Having served for 6 years as chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, and maybe for a dozen or more years before that as a member of the committee, I know how difficult it is to put this bill together. He and I, and our staffs, have worked closely on this. I think we have the makings of a bill the President can sign.  We have a time, as we know, when many of our fellow Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, favor cutting foreign aid even further than it has already been cut in recent years. Senator McConnell has defended the need for foreign aid to protect U.S. interests around the world. I joined him in that. But, despite efforts by both of us to obtain a higher budget allocation for foreign operations, foreign operations which, like defense, is uniquely the responsibility of a Federal Government, our budget has been slashed. Today we see the consequences.  This bill represents nearly a $1.2 billion cut below the fiscal 1995 level; a $2.4 billion cut below the President's fiscal year 1996 request.  Had I written this bill this year I might have done some things differently. But neither Senator McConnell nor I could have avoided serious damage because the money simply is not there. We ought to stop, and think, as a country. If we continue down this path in a very few years the United States, which today is the only superpower in the world, will have no money to carry out foreign policy other than to fight wars. We do not have the kind of money to stop a problem from happening. Yet we can come in with billions after the problem occurs, to fight a war.  There is not going to be money for peacekeeping, none for supporting economic development in countries that hold great promise for American exports. The jobs that we create here in the United States, preparing items for exports--those exports are going more to the developing world than to the developed world. Our increase in exports is to the developing world but we are not going to have money to support economic development of those parts of the world.  We will end up abandoning the World Bank, the United Nations. Then we will stand back and watch Japan and our other allies fill the void. And they will, because they are anxious to do so, because they know the long-term economic and political benefits are enormous.  We would be terribly shortsighted now, at the end of the cold war, when the United States stands as the economic and military giant of the world, if we just gave away our preeminence by nickel and diming the programs that might sustain it.  I do want to mention a couple of provisions of the bill which I believe stand between us and the President's signature. I have heard from several Senators about these provisions, including the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Byrd, who mentioned them at the committee markup.  One is the provision relating to Korea. I am sympathetic to the chairman's goals, but I am told by the administration as a practical matter this would prevent the United States from contributing to KEDO. If we want this bill to get signed, we are going to have to substantially modify this provision. I am told our staffs are already making progress on them.  Another is the provision which would cut off all aid to Russia if it proceeds to the sale of nuclear equipment to Iran. On the merits, I am in complete agreement with this. I think of Iran as a pariah nation fostering terrorism, showing complete disregard for human rights, and certainly unwilling to carry out its obligations as a member of the world community. But I also want to be sure that either here or in conference we modify this provision so we do not jeopardize a program very much in our national interest.  And, finally, I note that the subcommittee voted 8 to 5 for my amendment to strike restrictive House language on funding for international population programs. I have to assume there is going to be an amendment to restore that language here on the floor, but I emphasize this bill continues the prohibition of funding for abortion that we have had for years. It also prohibits the use of any United States funds in China. Further restrictions along the lines of what the House has proposed could invite a veto.  Now, this bill should not take a lot of the Senate's time unless people want to make debating points rather than policy points. We have already had an opportunity to debate the State Department authorization bill when many of the foreign policy issues were discussed. There is no reason to repeat that episode in this bill. I hope that we will dispose of any amendments and dispose of them quickly if amendments come up that basically just ask us to retrod the ground we have already walked on in this session.  As I said, I will put a longer statement in the Record, but I do want to say how much I appreciate the bipartisan way Senator McConnell and his staff approached this process. I think it bodes well to get this on to the President's desk.  Mr. President, despite Senator McConnell's and my best efforts, this bill poses major challenges for the United States as the world's only superpower. At a time when the global threats to our security are too numerous to mention, funding to combat those threats is increased in only one area, export assistance, and even there it falls short of the President's request.  In other areas it makes unprecedented cuts in programs that seek to fight poverty, promote economic growth, reduce population growth rates, stop the spread of infectious diseases, care for growing numbers of destitute refugees, combat ocean pollution, the destruction of biodiversity and other environmental degradation, deter the proliferation of conventional and nuclear weapons, and countless other problems that directly threaten every American.  Again, this is despite the considerable efforts Senator McConnell and I have made to spread the pain that the cuts in our allocation required.  Let me mention some specific programs, and what we have done.  For the first time, the bill consolidates all development assistance and non-Middle East economic support funds. This means, for example, that the Development Fund for Africa no longer exists in this bill as a separate account, and neither does population. There are no longer separate appropriations for the Inter-American Foundation or the African Development Foundation.  Frankly, this concerns me. The Development Fund for Africa has existed for almost a decade, and a population account since 1967. The DFA was created, in large part, to protect this extraordinarily vulnerable, poorest region in the world, and it has served its purpose well. We need to be sure that whatever we end up with in conference adequately protects Africa in the future.  Having said that, in order to minimize the possibility that any of these accounts or programs are disproportionately hurt when cuts are made, at my request Senator McConnell agreed to include a provision that requires that the cuts be made on a proportional basis, reflecting each program's current percentage of the fiscal year 1995 level of funding for these combined accounts. Therefore, if in fiscal year 1995 the Development Fund for Africa received 15 percent of the total appropriation for these combined accounts, then Africa will receive 15 percent of the total appropriation for these accounts in fiscal year 1996. Again, I know some people have concerns that we should preserve the DFA intact, and we will revisit this issue in conference.  I know the same is said of the population account, and there are strong desires in both the House and Senate to maintain current levels of funding for child survival and microenterprise lending programs. As a longtime supporter of these programs I completely sympathize, but people need to recognize that we cannot do everything we once did and at the same time cut $1.2 billion from this bill. I believe our first aim should be to ensure that each program is treated as fairly as possible when cuts are made.  I want to note my concern about two other aspects of the consolidation approach. First, I do not believe it is wise to include ESF in the new economic assistance account. Interestingly, neither the State Department nor AID is happy with this approach. The danger I see is that funds that have been traditionally used for development programs will be increasingly tapped for ESF-type activities. I think it is predictable that, particularly in emergency situations, the State Department's concern for addressing short-term political crises will take precedence over long-term development goals.  I am also concerned about the fate of the IAF and ADF. While I recognize that budget constraints force us to make difficult choices, I want to know what the practical effect will be of leaving it up to AID to channel fund to these organizations.  There is a somewhat similar proportionality provision with respect to the international organizations and programs account, which is cut severely in this bill from $374 million in fiscal year 1995 to $260 million in fiscal year 1996. The provision requires that funding for several named organizations shall not be reduced below their proportional share of the current level of funding for the IOP account. My strong hope is that in the conference we can increase funding for these programs so we can maintain our leadership in them, especially those that are headed by Americans.  The multilateral development banks were also cut deeply. Although our contributions to these institutions reflect pledges we made in the context of international negotiations, we have not lived up to those commitments. I am very concerned that this year we add hundreds of millions of dollars in arrears to the hundreds of millions of dollars in arrears we have already accumulated. My amendment in the subcommittee markup to add another $200 million for the International Development Association, $20 million for the Global Environment Facility, and $20 million for the Inter-American Development Bank's Fund for Special Operations, was accepted by Senator McConnell. However, this still falls far short of our commitments to the first two of these institutions, which directly support U.S. economic and environmental interests.  I was disappointed that we were unable to provide a contribution to the North American Development Bank which will provide funding to address acute environmental problems along the Mexico-United States border. However, I am hopeful that some of the funding in this bill for the Multilateral Investment Fund, which has a large pipeline and at the current rate of disbursement is projected to have reserves in excess of $150 million by the end of fiscal year 1996, can be transferred to the NAD Bank.  I was disappointed that we were not able to match the House level for international disaster assistance, but I do want to credit Senator McConnell for providing a modest increase above the current level. Nevertheless, I am informed that the House level is needed in order to avoid serious damage to the humanitarian program in northern Iraq, so this will be an issue for the conference.  Senator McConnell has substantially increased funding for international narcotics programs. This is one area where I would have preferred the House level. I am not convinced that these programs are cost-effective, and there are too many other programs in this bill that desperately need these additional funds.  I want to mention several policy issues, besides the three I mentioned earlier, that concern me.  One is the conspicuous lack of any reference to Indonesia in this bill. This concerns me because of the continuing human rights problems in Indonesia and East Timor. The Congress had included restrictions on funding for Indonesia on human rights grounds in the past several years, and I do not believe the situation there warrants a relaxation of those restrictions.  Another policy issue that concerns me is assistance to Turkey. The House imposed a ceiling on ESF for Turkey, due to concerns about the Turkish Government's treatment of the Kurdish minority in that country. Despite my own concerns about the rights of the Kurds, I do not believe this is a wise approach. I believe we have a strong interest in supporting economic development in turkey, which is an important and valued member of NATO. However, I may offer an amendment which I believe would more directly address concerns about human rights and the situation facing the Kurds. I also included language in the committee report which requests the administration to submit a report on the efforts of the Turkish and United States Governments to monitor the use of United States-origin military equipment by the Turkish Armed Forces. Specifically, this report should address the use of U.S. military aircraft which, according to the State Department's own reports, has been used to strafe and destroy Kurdish villages. I and others want to know what efforts are being made to reduce the use of these aircraft against civilians or targets occupied by civilians.  Another provision I support is the prohibition on assistance to any government or organization which cooperates commercially with the Khmer Rouge. The reasons for this provision are discussed in the committee report, but very briefly, it was included on account of the considerable evidence that Thai military personnel are routinely engaged in facilitating the export from Cambodia of valuable timber by the Khmer Rouge. These sales have provided the Khmer Rouge with a steady source of income to continue their murderous campaign against the Cambodian Government and the Cambodian people. This provision is intended to encourage the Thai Government to take steps to deter this cooperation.  Several other provisions deserve mention. The bill includes an 18 month extension of the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act, which enables funding to continue for the Palestinians. It also includes authority requested by the administration for the drawdown of up to $100 million in military equipment for Jordan. As in the past, there are earmarks for the Camp David countries, as well as Cyprus.  Last but not least, I want to mention Ireland. For the past decade, the United States has generously contributed to the International Fund for Ireland. August 31 was the one year anniversary of the IRA ceasefire, and the House bill provides $19.6 million for the IFI. Although the Senate bill does not contain an earmark for the IFI, I believe it is very important that the Congress support this program during this pivotal year. While trade and investment will be the engine that propels the economies of Ireland and Northern Ireland, the IFI remains an important source of funding during this critical transition period.  Mr. President, again, there are aspects of this bill that I do not agree with. There are programs that I would prefer to see receive a larger portion of the funds. However, I believe that on the whole it reflects a reasonable balance between Senator McConnell's and my priorities. Funding for foreign assistance has been falling since the mid-1980's and future budget projections do not bode well for these programs. The Congress needs to recognize that the reality is that this is not simply foreign assistance. The funds in this bill directly promote the interests of the American people. That becomes clearer the farther into the future one looks.  You know, Mr. President, there are a lot of things where we can disagree in this country. There are a lot of political issues we can disagree on. But I hope that most Americans can be proud of the fact that we have created the strongest democracy that history has ever known and we should be proud of our position in the world. But we should also understand our responsibilities in the world. We are a quarter of a billion people. We are the largest economy in the world. But even though we are only a small percentage of the world's population, we use close to half of the world's resources.  We have great opportunities but great obligations. The opportunities are to foster the kind of democracy that the United States has known and to encourage countries that want to become democratic nations.  But we also have a certain humanitarian responsibility to the rest of the world. God has blessed this country with great resources and great advantages. But at the same time I think you can say there is a moral responsibility to help those less fortunate. It is not the idea of having some massive giveaways. We do not. Our foreign aid budget is less than 1 percent of our overall budget. Much of it reflects our own security interests. A lot of it is designed to create jobs for Americans and our export markets, and a tiny part reflects the humanitarian concerns of the greatest nation history has known. We may want to look at just how tiny that percentage is.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  