President, I agree this is a matter that should be heard before the Senate and heard in public. There is no question it is going to be heard, one way or the other. But we Senators, no matter how painful it might be, no matter how torn any one of us might be individually, for the good of the Senate--and that is important in our constitutional government --for the sake of trust in elected officials in the Senate, these hearings should be held here.  Certainly, for the women who have waited to be heard, the accusers in this case, ought to be heard and heard in public. For the Senator in question, he ought to be able to be heard in public, be able to hear his accusers and give his answers.  But I worry: in a country like ours, a democracy where our Government operates on the trust of the people, that the U.S. Senate should be the conscience of the Nation. The Senate, with our 6-year terms, with our unlimited debate, is the body that can be the conscience of the Nation. We are not reflecting that conscience if we do not have open hearings. Not because anybody in this body will relish this, but because we know, every single Senator knows in his or her soul, that it is the right thing to do. Every single Senator in this body knows in his or her soul that, if we are to be the conscience of the Nation, we must do this publicly before the Nation, no matter how difficult it is.  None of us knows how these hearings are going to unfold. When I was a prosecutor I presented a case, the other side presented a case, and the court ruled. Here, in a way we become judge and jury together. For many of us that is a unique experience. But for the U.S. Senate, it is not a unique experience. It has over 200 years of proud history. It is the body that has, time and time again, allowed the conscience of the Nation to be expressed. Unless we do it here openly, we do not uphold our own conscience, we do not uphold the standards we ask of others, and we do not uphold the standards of a great institution.  I hope the whole Senate will rise and support the Senator from California and say, let us have the open hearings. Whatever happens, we will have them, for the good of the Nation, for the good of the individuals involved, but also for the long term good of this fine institution.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gregg). Who yields time? The Senator from Kentucky.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I was doing some work on matters for my constituents, and my staff tells me there is some suggestion that there might not be any speakers on this side of the issue. Let me disabuse my friends on the other side of that notion. It is my understanding, under the unanimous consent agreement, each side had 2 hours. We are prepared to use some or all of that time.  Let me say at the outset that I am told a number of Senators have suggested that a 3-3 vote in the Ethics Committee is not a decision. In fact it is a decision. The Ethics Committee was crafted on purpose to require four votes from a bipartisan committee to take any affirmative action. So at the outset let me make it clear, there is no deadlock to be broken. A decision was made on the public hearing issue.  Also, let me suggest that the resolution offered by my friend from California, ironically in the name of precedent, really seeks to uphold a precedent that does not exist--it simply does not exist--but demolishes other precedents which do exist and are vital to the ethics process and to the Senate.  One precedent which it destroys is that, in the 31-year history of the Ethics Committee, there has not been a single occasion upon which the full committee--the full Senate--injected itself into the process and sought to push the committee one way or the other or to overturn decisions the committee had properly taken.  Mr. President, with regard to the argument about whether there are precedents for public hearings, let me say that, while there is a consistent precedent for no interference with the procedures of the Ethics Committee by the full Senate until the full Senate is presented with the final product, there is a clear precedent for not doing that, which the approval of the Boxer proposal would violate, setting a new precedent. There is no precedent on the issue of public hearings.  The Durenberger case, for example, was a staged presentation with a pre-scripted proceeding, without witnesses and without cross-examination, hardly in any way what we would normally consider a public hearing.  In the Cranston case, there were some public hearings. They were used in the preliminary fact-gathering phase alone and not later in the case. The committee decided, actually, in the Cranston case not to hold public hearings, at a point when its rules and procedure provide, at the end of the inquiry.  So, with regard to the precedent issue, there is no clear, consistent precedent for holding public hearings at the end of major investigations in the Ethics Committee. But there is a 31-year precedent for not having the full Senate bind the Ethics Committee in any particular case. And while I suppose it could be argued that the amendment of the Senator from California is generic in nature, it is certainly no accident that it is being offered at this particular time. This is not the normal way in which we would change a committee rule.  So make no mistake about it, Mr. President. The precedent that would be set today would clearly be the beginning of the end of the ethics process, because you can imagine what would happen, particularly around campaign season when out here on the floor where there is always a majority and always a minority--unlike the Ethics Committee where it is 3-3--the temptation to offer amendments directing the committee to do this or to do that would be overwhelming, particularly as you get closer and closer to an election.  The second point I want to make, Mr. President, and those members of our committee on both sides who have served for the last 2\1/2\ years, I think, all agree that the professional staff of the Ethics Committee is completely nonpartisan. The same folks who are working there now under my chairmanship were there working under the chairmanship of the vice chairman last year. This professional staff, which has its reputation on the line in this case as well--these are professional investigators who serve the Ethics Committee on a nonpartisan basis. There is no partisan hiring whatsoever in putting together the staff of the Ethics Committee. They know more about this case than anybody else, more than I know, more than the vice chairman knows, and on many occasions members of the committee from both sides on our committee have praised the work of the staff.  In almost every instance we have followed their advice and counsel in working on this case, or other cases. The staff in this case, Mr. President, recommended that public hearings were not appropriate.  Why did they do that, this group of skilled professionals who have their own reputations on the line in a high-profile case like this? Mr. President, I think the answer is rather clear. There are two investigative criteria for holding hearings. One is to ensure the completeness of the evidentiary record--to ensure the completeness of the evidentiary record--and the second would be to assess the credibility of the witnesses who gave testimony.  The Ethics Committee, first and foremost, is an investigative body, and investigative criteria must be applied to our decisions. The staff judgment was that the evidentiary record is not just complete, the staff judgment was that the record was not just complete; it was encyclopedic and ready for final decision. Hearings would be needed only if witness credibility was in doubt tested by questioning and cross-examination.  Every committee member, Mr. President, has strong feelings about the believability of the testimony given to us through sworn depositions. No hearings are going to change that--we have voluminous sworn depositions before us--and poring over those.  In addition, there is the question of delay. The staff opinion is that real hearings would take at least 2 months, actually probably much more than that, given the preparation time involved to get ready for having them.  So we needed to ask: Is there another way to make our proceedings in this case public without adding unnecessary delay to a 2\1/2\-year-old case? The fact that the public has a right to know all the relevant information in this case is really not in dispute. The relevant sworn testimony of witnesses who came forward will be shared with the public. The Senate and the public will have all the relevant facts prior to the disciplinary action.  So it is not a question of whether the public is going to be denied information relevant to the final decision.  The resolution of the Senator from California, in effect, Mr. President, destroys the independent ethics process. I have some personal knowledge of this. I happen to have been a summer intern here in the summer of 1964, the year I graduated from college. I was in Senator John Sherman Cooper's office. Some of the folks here in this body who have been around for a while remember Senator Cooper. He is something of a legend in Kentucky, known for his integrity and his wisdom. Interestingly enough, it was Senator Cooper's resolution in 1964, the year I was an intern here, that created the Ethics Committee. What he was trying to do was to get misconduct cases--this was in the case of the Bobby Baker incident--which in those days was handled by the Senate Rules Committee, and, obviously, the Rules Committee, like every other committee of the Senate except the Ethics Committee, was controlled by the majority. So there was a sense, after the Bobby Baker case, that it really was not handled all that well, and both sides felt that way.  So it was Senator Cooper's vision that there would be created an evenly balanced committee, in effect, forced to be bipartisan because of the nature of the committee, and that committee, to act in any affirmative way, would have to achieve four votes. It would require bipartisanship to go forward. Mr. President, for 31 years this process has stood the test of time until today.  The Ethics Committee, as Senator Cooper envisioned it, was to be empowered to investigate cases as it--it--saw fit without outside intervention. The committee's authority was intended to be exclusive and absolute through the investigative phase.  Obviously, at that point it was envisioned the committee's work would come to the full Senate typically with a recommendation for action which only the full Senate could approve. The whole idea, Mr. President, was to make it possible in this most political of all places to have a bipartisan investigation, and the process has served the Senate well. And at no point during the 31-year history has there been a resolution offered, debated, and voted upon in front of the full Senate seeking to tell the committee what to do.  So the resolution of the Senator from California will shatter this 31-year precedent, and the new precedent for the future will be a way of proposals on the Senate floor to suggest that the committee open a case here, close a case there, do this, do that. That will be the precedent.  The approval of the proposal of the Senator from California would destroy the vision of Senator Cooper, and others, that the Senate could, at least through the investigative phase, remove a misconduct matter, deal with it on a bipartisan basis, and then produce a final product for the floor of the Senate.  All future Ethics Committee actions, Mr. President, or split votes--which, as I have already indicated earlier, is a decision--would be fair target for bruising, public floor fights.  Currently, the Ethics Committee sets aside preelection season complaints. Now I am fairly confident that the wave of the future will be resolutions in the Chamber forcing immediate action on one matter or another.  The resolution of the Senator from California sends really an unequivocal message. The Ethics Committee can be treated like a political football, propelled in any direction that the majority seeks to push it--kicked around by any Member who wants to push a political or personal agenda. The approval of the Boxer resolution would be the beginning of the end of the Ethics Committee and a return to the bad old days. And the bad old days before 31 years ago were to deal with misconduct cases on a partisan basis.  The other irony, Mr. President, is that the principal loser under a system which allowed the majority to control misconduct cases would be the minority party in the Senate. So the other ironic effect of the proposal of the Senator from California is to force a matter out of a bipartisan forum onto the floor of what arguably is one of the more partisan places in America. In what way does the minority party benefit from, in effect, ending a bipartisan forum?  Second, Mr. President, while we are discussing precedents, the resolution of the Senator from California clearly violates the precedent set earlier in this case when we had before the full Senate the question of the subpoena of diaries. Just a little while back, in 1993, I remind my colleagues, the Senate voted 94 to 6 to enforce the Ethics Committee's subpoena of the Packwood diaries. The Senate also voted 77 to 23 against an amendment restricting the committee's access to diaries. And clearly what was in this Chamber just in the fall of 1993 was a question of whether the committee judgment was going to be sustained. My friend from California and others were emphatic in saying the Ethics Committee should handle the case. Unfortunately, that was then and this is now.  At that time, both Democrats and Republicans argued that the Ethics Committee had exclusive authority to investigate misconduct without interference from the full Senate or from any single Member, and that was just in the fall of 1993. The Senate voted overwhelmingly that the Ethics Committee alone had the right to determine what procedures it should follow in conducting investigations. Senators from this side of the aisle voted almost unanimously against the interests of one of our own. Republicans voted against the demands that one of their own was trying to impose on the committee.  I know it would be extremely tough for someone on the other side of the aisle to oppose the resolution of the Senator from California, but I hope there may be a few listening to this debate who will think through the ramifications of the passage of the Boxer amendment. Remember, there is no deadlock. Three-three on the Ethics Committee is a decision. It takes four votes to do anything affirmatively in the ethics process. Make no mistake about it. This proposal is designed to overturn a decision already taken by a bipartisan committee.  Now, this vote today, in my judgment, is not about Republicans versus Democrats or, in my view, even being for or against public hearings. This vote is about whether the Ethics Committee should be allowed to do its work, to do its work without interference or second-guessing from the floor at least until it finishes its job. And that is important to understand. It is not like any individual Senator or group of Senators are not going to have ample opportunity to express themselves, to condemn the work of the committee, to argue that we should have done this or should have done that. None of those options are waived, Mr. President, by allowing us to finish our work. As a matter of fact, given the controversial nature of this case, it is inconceivable to me that we are going to be applauded by very many of our friends up in the gallery or anybody on the other side no matter how we handle it. The question is will we be allowed to finish? And--and--will the process be changed, the 31-year precedent of no interference in this bipartisan committee's work?  Many of us like to quote our senior colleague from West Virginia because he has said many wise things when it comes to this institution and what is necessary to protect it. Back during the diary debate, the diary subpoena debate in this case, Senator Byrd said, ``If we turn our backs on our colleagues who have so carefully investigated this difficult matter, we may as well disband the committee.''  I do not know where we go if we are going to set the precedent that the committee is to be in effect micromanaged from the Senate, but it does make one wonder whether this is a useful process. The committee is either going to be allowed to finish its work without interference from the floor or it is not. And if it is not, then I wonder why anybody would want to serve on the Ethics Committee. My colleagues, Senator Craig and Senator Smith, and I have scratched our heads on that issue occasionally and wondered why we agreed to do it in the first place.  Imagine a scenario under which this Ethics Committee or any Ethics Committee knows that all along the way, at any crucial point or at any time when somebody is trying to score a political point or wants to make a few headlines, they are going to be out on the floor of the Senate in an awkward position trying to protect confidential information that they know about and at the same time trying to engage in a public debate on a case not yet finished. I do not want to be an alarmist here, but it seems to me there is no point in having the Ethics Committee if that is the way it is going to be from now on.  I cannot imagine that anybody would want to serve. I just cannot imagine it. It is not much fun now, I can assure you. It is not the way I particularly want to spend my afternoons. But imagine if in addition to presiding over the toughest kind of investigation against one of your own colleagues, you know that all along the way during the process you are going to be out here like we are today getting a bunch of bad press, trying to do what you think is right, while one or more Members of this body get terrific editorials and terrific headlines standing up for what appears to be the popular thing.  So I think we ought to think it through, Mr. President, whether or not if the Boxer resolution passes--and I say, think this through on a bipartisan basis, really--whether we want to continue to have an ethics committee. Maybe we go back to the Rules Committee. Maybe Senators think that would be a better way to do this. Of course, the Rules Committee is controlled by the majority party, and some people might be concerned that the Rules Committee might be a little less enthusiastic about pursuing a Member of the majority than a Member of the minority.  But maybe I am off base here. Maybe it would not operate that way. Maybe people would on the Rules Committee just kind of rise above party affiliation and be just as interested in pursuing examples of alleged cases of impropriety against Members of the majority as they would against Members of the minority. Or maybe we ought to just throw up our hands and say, ``We cannot do this job. Let us let outsiders do it.'' Some have suggested that.  Well, Mr. President, one thing you can say about the case that has generated this floor debate, it is the toughest investigation in history. As I said earlier, it has been the mother of all ethics investigations. The witnesses have consistently praised the committee's comprehensive inquiry. The handling of the Packwood case outshines all previous investigations of sexual misconduct, certainly here because we have not had any, and compared to the House, which has had 5 in the last 10 years, the handling of this has been vastly superior in every measurable way.  The committee has interviewed 264 witnesses, taken 111 sworn depositions, issued 44 subpoenas, read 16,000 pages of documents, spent 1,000 hours in meetings. And even in spite of all of that, if the Senate will allow us to finish our work, the Senate will indeed have an opportunity at the appropriate time to substitute its collective will for ours.  The Senate will have a chance to challenge committee action. The Senate rules give broad latitude--broad latitude--for floor action after the committee's work is done. Any Member can accept, reject, or modify the recommendations of the committee at the appropriate time. No rights are waived. No rights are waived by allowing the committee to finish its work.  But to undermine the work of the committee in the middle of the case takes away its independence. It is tantamount to abolishing the committee outright or maybe dissecting it piece by piece by piece.  Let me say in conclusion, Mr. President, every precedent weighs against the resolution of the Senator from California. And precedents do not mean a thing, Mr. President, if they are not upheld in difficult cases.  Let me say again, there is no clear, consistent precedent for full-fledged public hearings at the end of every investigation involving ethics.  I may speak again later, but let me say, regardless of the outcome, I pledge as chairman of this committee we are going to try to finish our work. We are going to try to finish it in good faith. And let me say I would be less than candid if I did not say that the spilling over of this case on to the floor of the Senate has divided our committee. We have been able to work together on the whole, I think, on a good, bipartisan basis in this long and difficult investigation. There is no question that we have been feeling the strain. And I hope that once this unfortunate floor proceeding is over, that the six of us who have actually in many ways become good friends during the course of this difficult assignment, will be able to come back together, finish this case, do what is best for the Senate, for the American people, and for Senator Packwood.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  