President, I thank the distinguished Senator from New York and the distinguished Republican leader for the courtesy that in my years here I have grown accustomed to receiving from both of them.  Mr. President, I am concerned about the welfare bill before us, the Republican version. I know that a lot of very good Senators on both sides of the aisle have been wrestling with the problems we face, but I worry about just how that wrestling match may come out.  Mr. President, the Republican welfare bill is an all-out assault on low-income children and families. The bill is anti-child, anti-family and it does nothing to get people off welfare and into a job.  The rhetoric being used to sell this bill to the American people is full of false promises. The bill is not reform.  It boxes up welfare problems and ships them off to the States. On the outside of this box there ought to be, in big bold letters, a sign that says ``Local taxpayers beware.''  Sending severely underfunded block grants to the States with no real emphasis on work will cost all of us more in the end. The Senate Republican plan cuts spending on welfare now, but you can be sure that local taxpayers will be picking up the tab later.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, 44 of the 50 States will not meet work participation target rates in the Senate Republican bill because this plan fails to provide States with the money needed to achieve these rates.  Here is another unfunded mandate being passed on to the State and local taxpayers.  States must either swallow further cuts in Federal payments to the needy--or come up with more money from their own coffers.  This makes no sense--unless the true purpose of this bill is to turn our back on the unemployed and further burden the taxpayer. You have to be tax-happy or cold-hearted to like this bill.  In my home State of Vermont, the Republican bill would cut over $77 million in cash assistance, supplemental security income, child care, and food stamps over the next 5 years.  Under the Republican block grant proposal there will be no adjustments for high unemployment or recession. When the block grant money runs out, Vermonters will pick up the tab.  Helping low-income Americans find a way out of poverty is a responsibility of both States and the Federal Government. The Republican plan abandons any national involvement in providing for the welfare of the Nation.  States need more flexibility, but that does not mean shedding our national responsibility.  I cannot support the Republican plan, but I intend to vote for the alternative proposal offered by Senator Daschle. The Democratic leader's plan continues a national commitment to keep families together and work their way off welfare.  Families on welfare cannot get jobs if they do not have adequate child care support. They cannot keep their jobs unless there is a transition period for child care.  The Democratic bill not only emphasizes helping people find work--but backs it up with the child care necessary to go to work.  The Democratic alternative is a national commitment to help children and families work their way out of poverty. The Republican bill is a feel-good, do-nothing charade that takes a walk on the problem of poverty.  There is a welfare scandal in this country that most Republicans have been strangely silent about. It is the scandal of corporate welfare.  As we pause on the brink of slashing food assistance and child care to needy families, I wish we would think a little bit about the corporations that are receiving benefits from Uncle Sam.  According to the conservative Cato Institute, the American taxpayer spends $85 billion a year on corporate welfare--not including tax loopholes that cost many billions of dollars more.  The reason for this is simple. Low-income children cannot hire high-priced Washington law firms. Those who can hire expensive law firms are spared the reform axe this year.  The Senate Republican bill takes food, child care, housing assistance and assistance for disabled children away from families, but continues the practice of letting taxpayers foot part of the bill for wealthy corporations to lease limousines.  We must look at the entire welfare system--including corporate welfare.  Nobody on the Senate floor disagrees that we need to reform welfare aid for low-income families. We do. There are too many programs that do too little to help people get back to work.  We need to ask more of those who receive assistance, but we should not abandon those who play by the rules. We also need to continue programs that reward low-income working families.  This bill is just the latest attack by Republican leadership in Congress on low-income children and families. But families on welfare are not the only targets.  Earlier this year, the Republican leadership announced plans to cut back the earned income tax credit [EITC]. This is a tax credit that rewards low-income Americans who work. It makes a huge difference for families struggling to pay the rent and buy food for their kids.  Yes, you heard it right. The Republican leadership wants to raise taxes for low-income working families.  The Republican budget resolution also cuts Medicaid by $180 billion over the next 7 years. Medicaid provides long-term care for low-income seniors, the disabled and health care for low-income children and families.  Following through on the budget resolution, the House just cut billions out of next year's appropriations for education programs, Head Start and youth work programs.  At the same time, the House is gearing up to pay for 20 additional B-2 bombers at $1 billion a pop. A plane that the Pentagon has said it does not even want. We need to get our priorities straight.  The Republican assault on programs that benefit low-income Americans comes at a time when census data shows the gap between the rich and the poor is greater than at any time since the end of World War II.  If the present trends continue, the America that our children grow up in will look more like a Third World country, with deep gulfs between the rich and the poor.  Programs that keep poor families together, rather than tearing them apart and programs that feed children so they can learn, are investments in our future.   These investments will make America more productive.  Members of Congress have benefited from the opportunities which have made America the land of opportunity.  We have an obligation to make sure that those same opportunities are available for the next generation.  We must work together to make responsible bipartisan changes to Federal programs that provide assistance to low-income children and families. I fear, however, the public policy is right now being overshadowed by Presidential politics.  I hope that reason will prevail over hysteria as we all take a good hard look at how we can make welfare programs work better for all Americans.  