President, to speak about Senate Resolution 199. We have been asked this session to consider a number of matters with which I did not agree. I think, frankly, this one, Senate Resolution 199, may take a special holiday season award. I am not here to talk about the arguments over the attorney-client privilege issues or the precedent we are being asked to establish, or the failure fully to explore settlement of this matter in light of the President's willingness to produce the notes to the Whitewater special counsel and to the Senate so long as a general waiver of privilege does not result. I will not linger on being asked to enforce a subpoena that was not properly served.  Let me direct my colleagues' attention to one aspect of this matter that has not yet been explored: We are being asked to authorize Senate legal counsel to commence an action that cannot be brought.  Senate resolution 199 expressly proposes that we, the Senate, direct our Senate legal counsel to bring a civil action to enforce a subpoena of the Special Committee To Investigate Whitewater Development Corporation and Related Matters for notes taken by an associate counsel to the President. The statute under which we are being asked to authorize the proposed civil contempt proceeding expressly precludes just the kind of legal action we are being asked to authorize, one that would create a confrontation with the executive branch.  The second sentence of section 1365 of title 28, United States Code, provides:       This section shall not apply to an action to enforce, to      secure a declaratory judgment concerning the validity of, or      to prevent a threatened refusal to comply with, any subpoena      or order issued to an officer or employee of the Federal      Government acting within his official capacity.  This, of course, was put in the statute to avoid putting the courts in a position of having to resolve a conflict between the other two independent branches of government.  So long as it would not violate anyone's attorney-client privilege, I would be extremely interested in knowing what Senate legal counsel has advised the special committee with regard to subpoenas to the White House and for White House legal counsel notes and with regard to their enforceability by way of civil action. I think before the Senate is asked to authorize it, we ought to know whether the civil contempt proceeding we are being asked to authorize is even legal. Does the special committee have a legal opinion from our Senate legal counsel on the viability of the action proposed? If so, I would like to have it put in the Record.  This dispute arises, as the special committee's report explains, from a demand for documents to the White House in response to which the White House identified Mr. Kennedy's notes as privileged.  The special committee goes to great lengths in its report to argue Mr. Kennedy was not acting as a personal attorney to the President and the First Lady, but then dismisses the conclusion that follows. If Mr. Kennedy attended the meeting in his role as associate counsel to the President, then it would appear that no legal action can be brought under section 1365. The special committee cannot have it both ways.  So I think we should consider that which we are being asked to authorize. I know millions of dollars have been spent on this investigation. I know we will probably spend millions more. But at least when we vote we ought to know whether we are voting to do something that can be done.  We have no need to authorize legal action, least of all one that cannot be brought under the terms of the very statute under which authorization is being sought.  I appreciate the distinguished chairman arranging this time for me.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, in order to attempt to move the flow, I would ask unanimous consent that following Senator Mack, Senator Simon be recognized, and following Senator Simon, Senator Thompson be recognized.  