President, I do. And I will speak only briefly, as I know the leaders of this legislation want to go forward.  Mr. President, we have many, many issues on this bill, as we know, many issues now and many to come. But we have one issue that we ought to understand, and that is, will our food here in the United States continue to be the safest in the world, which I believe it now is. I believe it now is the safest in the world and it should continue that way. I believe this is important to every American. It is not an issue of whether you are a Democrat or a Republican. You want to have safe food. It is important certainly to every parent as it is to me as a parent because we know that children are uniquely vulnerable to contaminated food. Many times the things that might just cause an adult to get sick can cause a child to die.  Safe food is important to our farmers and ranchers. It is how they make their livelihood. They have to assume the consumers have confidence that the food they raise will be the safest in the world. Our consumers need to have confidence in the safety of the meat they buy or we can all understand how quickly they will stop buying that meat.  In Vermont, meat is the real food that real people eat. It is not just some abstract question. In the United States, half of all farm revenues come from livestock production. Ranchers and farmers cannot afford to have their incomes hit by another food scare. Beef prices, believe me, are low enough already. They will sink through the floor if we have another scare, and that is why I am here.  In the last 10 years, we have been pushing the Agriculture Act to protect the safety of our food supplies. As the past chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee I tried to pass legislation to reform our food safety laws. Indeed, the legislation I proposed are very similar to the Department's proposed food safety rules.  If you look at the meat inspection laws we have now, they were put in place after the Upton Sinclair book ``The Jungle'' that warned the public of a threat to their food supply. That was decades and decades ago.  Again, American people assume they walk into the grocery stores and buy meat that is safe. We have built a whole industry. Our ranchers, our livestock, people, farmers, all assume this is in there, this sense of safety. Those who own the stores and distribute them, our restaurants, fast food outlets, have to go on the assumption they are passing out safe food, and the American people assume that. And now we know that we can do much better and that we should allow the American people to have what is much better.  It is not an academic issue because, in spite of the best efforts of thousands of meat inspectors, there have been serious outbreaks of foodborne disease. In 1986, an outbreak caused by the E. coli pathogen killed two elderly women, sickened 37 persons in Washington State. Twenty-seven of them had eaten at the Taco Time restaurant in Walla Walla, WA. Two years ago another outbreak occurred in a Jack in the Box Restaurant. This foodborne illness outbreak, which began January 17, 1993, made over 300 persons ill, resulting in the death of three children. At least one child, a 4-year-old girl, had a stroke caused by hemolytic uremic syndrome caused by the outbreak.  Now, these are serious matters. My full statement will put out a number of things on it. But it is why I support the underlying amendment. I want to make sure that people have safe food, that our farmers and ranchers, producers, and distributors are protected. That is why I support the Daschle amendment. I think the second-degree amendment, with all due respect to my friend from Louisiana, I believe that this really creates only a figleaf. It just says that any risk assessment previously done will continue to be valid.  That does not solve our problem. It does not solve the problem of the people who have suffered from E. coli. It completely eliminates the Daschle amendment. The Daschle amendment, instead, says let us get rid of the roadblocks and protect the American people. We ought, as Senators, to be prepared to support the Daschle amendment. That is not Republican and Democrat. That is saying we want safe food that we buy and safe food our children eat and we want safe food sold. And we want to be able to tell ranchers and livestock owners and farmers that if you put your food in the chain, it is going to be protected and safe.  Now, I think that otherwise you are going to be voting on an effort to stop the real protection of the American people. I believe that the amendment we are soon to vote on means more delay and more sickness. We still have to have another cost-benefit analysis. There still will have to be a new peer review panel and a number of new issues litigated. It becomes a lawyer's dream. I think we ought to stand up for safety and approve the amendment from the Senator from South Dakota, Senator Daschle.  