President, I applaud the bipartisan budget agreement that was reached yesterday between President Clinton and the congressional leaders in both parties because it ends the longest Government shutdown in our history, and it sets the stage for bipartisan negotiations to achieve a balanced budget by 2002, something that in the debate most people forget. The vast majority of Republicans and Democrats want that balanced budget.  So it is truly a bipartisan compromise in the best sense of both of those words. It puts away partisan politics. It uses common sense to reach shared values. It commits Congress and the President to the worthy goal of a balanced budget in 7 years while also committing us to achieve a balance with compassion--not just ``hard, cold, numbers crunching,'' as the expression goes. We are past, I hope, the political posturing and the finger pointing.  Thanks to those Government employees who will keep the Government working during the time of the negotiations in the coming weeks as the Congress and the President build on this temporary agreement. It is not going to be easy. But we have to succeed.  I suggest three principles of common sense and reason to make these negotiations work.  First, scale back the $245 billion in tax cuts in the Republican budget plan. I learned many years ago that the best way to get out of a hole is to stop digging. Past Presidents and Congresses have spent our country into a $5 trillion debt. With this kind of huge debt we cannot afford $245 billion more in tax cuts. We ought to be spending that money to get us out of debt --not create more debt.  Second, plow back the savings from scaled-back tax cuts that will lower the reductions in Medicare and Medicaid. Keep our commitment to the current generation of Medicare recipients, and preserve the system for future generations. Also keep the Medicaid safety net in place for our most needy citizens. If we scale back those tax cuts, we can avoid unnecessary cuts in Medicare and Medicaid.  Third, invest in our future; provide adequate funding for education and nutrition programs for our children. It only makes sense that we give the next generation every chance to succeed in today's demanding economy, an economy far more demanding than when I was a child. We also have to maintain our environmental protection to preserve our natural resources for future generations.  If we use these three principles, I believe Democrats and Republicans can resolve our differences, and make our Government work to achieve a fair balanced budget.  We have to understand, Mr. President, that all of us are in this together, and that each one of us is going to have to cast votes that will be unpopular. It will be unpopular for Democrats or unpopular for Republicans. We have to take steps that may be unpopular at the moment but that are for the good of the future.  We are not going to pass a Gingrich budget. We are not going to pass a Dole budget, or a Daschle budget, or a Clinton budget, or a Leahy budget. But we can pass parts of each that will make a better budget for this country. But think of the long-term gains. Think about what we want in the future. Think of our children. My children are going to live most of their lives in the next century. That is probably true of many of them. Let us think of them and have a policy for our country.  We have been guided by policy through pollsters. Instead, let us be guided by legislation through leadership. It would be a refreshing change in this country. Just ignore the polls of the day.  It seems that we come in here and somebody sneezes or gives a speech, and there is a poll of the hour. There is a poll that says the President is ahead at this moment, the Congress is behind; 3 hours later the Congress will be ahead and the President will be behind, and we seem to try to adjust to that.  I do not think the American people are impressed by that. I think the American people would be impressed if the polls said what we are doing is what we think is best in moving forward. If we do that, we are going to have the kind of budget we want.  I was 1 of 11 who voted against Reaganomics back in the 1980's. With the deficits and the huge increase in our national debt built up during that time, we are now spending $1 billion a weekday in interest, $1 billion a weekday in interest on what we did then. I remember the polls were 10 to 1 against my vote. But I think it is like some of the votes on Vietnam at one time; a lot of people wish they could go back and do it over again.  We have to find a way. I voted for the plan of the senior Senator from North Dakota [Mr. Conrad]. I voted for a lot of things in that plan that are going to be unpopular back in Vermont, but they bring us to a balanced budget.  Let us assume that we all want that balanced budget, and we do. But we also have to invest in our future. We also have to make sure our education opportunities are there for our children. We have to make sure we do those things that create jobs, that allow us to lower the enormous trade deficit.  The enormous trade deficit in this country is hurting us more than our deficit in our Federal budget because it is owed to people outside of this country exclusively, and the more that deficit builds up the more our jobs flee the United States and go to the Pacific basin and go to Europe and go to other parts of the world.  Let us improve our ability to compete with the rest of the world in our education, in our financing, and all these other things so that we create the jobs here and we start exporting far more and the money comes back into this country. That would not only lower our trade deficit but it would, more importantly, put hundreds of thousands, millions of Americans back to work in good, productive jobs. Bring those jobs back into the United States. Use the productivity and the genius of our Nation but make sure our investment is in keeping that genius and that productivity in education, in health and nutrition.  Mr. President, I think now is the time for us to step back, applaud the good motives of people in both parties and of the President, but let us close the door on the pollsters setting policy. Let us use our own leadership to pass legislation that is good for this country.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  