President, I thank my good friend and distinguished Senator from Washington [Mrs. Murray].  Mr. President, this timber salvage language in H.R. 1158--so people understand the history, this represents the 12th time since 1984 this body would vote to exempt timber sales from environmental laws; 12 times since 1984.  Frankly, I find that disturbing. It means that the American people are going to be asked to believe that when it comes to cutting national forests, somehow environmental laws do not apply. These exemptions, which should have been, if at all, in emergency situation, instead are becoming routine and standard practice. It is not a short-term solution. I have to wonder how long this will go on. To me the exemption from environmental law is an extreme position. The majority of the American would not accept, nor should they. The distinguished Senator from Idaho, Senator Craig, and I streamlined the process in 1992. We are speaking of public lands, and in public lands, every American has a right to express his or her public interest. H.R. 1158 takes away the opportunity to participate in public land management. I do not see how the U.S. Senate can accept a provision that strips people of this right and takes the right out of the people's hands and puts it solely into the hands of bureaucrats. This would not create any more open government. In fact, this seals the same government agents off from public interest.  I respect the concerns of my fellow colleagues from other timber States. Even though I am a tree farmer, that is not my sole source of livelihood. I have talked with people in that area. It makes sense to address the problem, but with a sensible, responsible, moderate solution that respects the true interests of the American people and, in the long term, the apolitical needs of the forest resource.  I believe Senator Murray has proposed a fair solution. In fact, she inherited this divisive timber issue when she was elected. She promised the people of Washington a responsible solution. I have discussed this with her since she has come here. I believe that since her election, she has helped put the timber industry on a reliable path that the timber industries can bank on.  In fact, with the work she has done, there has been an increase of 400 jobs, not a decrease in the lumber, paper, and allied wood products industry in the State of Washington since her election. She has an alternative that moves toward long-term sustainability, not a quick fix. Above everything else, what Senator Murray has done is what timber-dependent communities want, especially the younger generations--long-term sustainability. People go into this for the long term, not with the idea that every 10 months, or year, or 14 months we are going to suddenly change the rules of the game.  So I urge my colleagues to support Senator Murray and abandon the extreme approaches that failed us in the past and removed any kind of public input from the process. Look at her long-term solution and adopt her amendment.  I am going to yield my time back to the Senator from Washington.  