President, I would say I ask this question to the Senator from California because she represents the largest State in the Union while I represent the second smallest in population. The distinguished Presiding Officer, of course, represents the smallest in population, although one that in land area encompasses our State many times over.  I would also say, if I might, I have traveled many times in the State represented by the distinguished Presiding Officer. It is one of the most beautiful places. Were I to live somewhere other than Vermont, it would appeal to me.  I raise these questions because we have a 2,000-page bill and, whether you are from a large State or a small State, you have to ask what it does. The bill will cut Medicare by $271 billion over the next 7 years; it will cut payment rates to providers and hospitals; it will make seniors pay higher premiums; it will increase deductibles.  In Vermont, 73 percent of our elderly population have incomes of less than $15,000. These are things--in a small State like ours, I do not know how we could possibly handle it.  Average Vermonters must make these sacrifices not to balance the budget, but to pay for tax breaks for the rich. This bill gives the wealthy $245 billion in new tax breaks. The wealthy do not need these tax breaks and we cannot afford them.  The bill's unnecessary cuts in Medicaid, Medicare, student loans, and school lunches will send the Vermont economy reeling. This is the wrong way to balance the budget.  At a time when many working Vermonters are struggling to make ends meet, this budget would hike Federal taxes on low- and moderate-income working families by cutting $32 billion from the earned income tax credit--a program the rewards work and compensates for low wages.  This Federal tax increase also would raise State taxes in seven States, including Vermont, that have a State earned income tax credit. As a result, 27,000 Vermont working families earning less than $30,000 a year would be forced to pay higher taxes. This is a double whammy for working families.  This budget bill would leave my home State in an economic crisis for years to come.  I would say, as I have been saying since June or July on this floor, let us come together, Democrats and Republicans. Let us forge a bipartisan consensus that will balance the budget but gives educational opportunities to our children, allows us to have safe nursing homes for parents, gives opportunity for working people.  I thank the Senator from California for doing me the courtesy of making these points. I appreciate it.  