President, I strongly support the amendment introduced today with my friend from Vermont, Senator Jeffords. This amendment would authorize the Secretary of Transportation to issue a certificate of documentation to grant coasting rights to the vessel L.R. Beattie. This certificate is commonly known as a Jones Act waiver.  The L.R. Beattie, a 500 passenger, triple deck cruise boat, was originally built and flagged in the United States. The ship was later brought by a Canadian company, although it was never flagged in Canada. It has since been sold to a U.S. company and was bought last year by Lake Champlain Shorelines Cruises of Burlington, VT.  Lake Champlain Shorelines Cruises bought the L.R. Beattie to operate tours on Lake Champlain and plans to rename it the Spirit of Ethan Allen II. This boat will be the showcase of a flourishing cruise industry on Lake Champlain. This boat will support over 30 Vermonters working on these cruises. But before this boat may begin carrying passengers on Lake Champlain, Congress must pass a Jones Act waiver for the L.R. Beattie because of its brief history under Canadian ownership.  A Jones Act waiver is a routine and noncontroversial bill. It does not cost U.S. taxpayers a penny. It simply authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to issue a certificate of documentation to allow a vessel to operate on U.S. waters.  But a Jones Act waiver for the L.R. Beattie has languished in Congress for more than a year. The Oceans Act of 1994, H.R. 4852, which reauthorized Coast Guard operations, contained a Jones Act waiver for the L.R. Beattie. The House of Representatives easily passed this bill. Unfortunately, it died in the Senate at the end of last year's session.  This year, Senator Jeffords and I introduced legislation, S. 172, to allow the L.R. Beattie to receive a Jones Act waiver. The Senate Commerce Committee will soon consider this bill with other Jones Act waivers. The time table for final passage of these Jones Act waivers, however, may be too late for Lake Champlain Shoreline Cruises because of the fast-approaching cruise season. Without this simple, noncontroversial Jones Act waiver, this small business in Vermont could go out of business, throwing over 30 Vermonters out of work.  Senator Jeffords and I have authored this amendment to respond to the special circumstances surrounding a Jones Act waiver for the L.R. Beattie.  I want to thank Senator Hollings, the ranking member of the Senate Commerce Committee, and Senator Pressler, the chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, for their invaluable cooperation on this amendment.  