President, I would like to say a few words about a program that I have not often praised in the past. The Market Promotion Program (MPP) is designed to help U.S. agricultural producers develop export markets overseas.  Most people do not associate Vermont with agricultural exports, but in fact the state exported almost 122 million agricultural products in 1994. The food products industry is the fastest growing sector of the state's economy. And profitable value added products make up a good part of that total.  In my state, the Market Promotion Program has fulfilled its potential to help small companies develop a niche in foreign markets. Thanks to the program Mexicans have discovered the joys of Vermont maple syrup, Canada is importing Vermont cheesecakes, Bermudans are drinking our cider and finding that they like it, and our friends in the United Kingdom are eating MacIntosh apples they never even knew Vermont produced.   [[Page S5345]] Through MPP, the Vermont Department of Agriculture is introducing Vermont companies to new opportunities in Europe, Canada, Asia and Latin America. During the next year, Vermont companies will be participating in trade missions and export seminars in Hong Kong, Guangzhou, Canada, Brazil and Mexico. These opportunities would not be available to Vermont agriculture without the MPP.  Unfortunately MPP dollars are not always as well spent. As Chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I held oversight hearings on MPP that uncovered a number of problems with USDA's management of the program. And, in 1993 I worked for real reform of the program to correct the abuses that were reducing MPP to a massive corporate welfare program.  The Market Promotion Program has come a long way from where it was 3 years ago. The Clinton Administration has reformed the program to curb abuses and focus the program where it should always have been targeted--toward small businesses. MPP is far from perfect. We must continue to look for ways to put scarce dollars where they are needed the most. But eliminating the program is not the way to do it.  