President. Just so my colleagues understand, and I know there are a number of Senators on both sides who are going to want to speak, let me back up a bit.  First, the Senate has voted in favor of the conference report. The conference report reflected a conference that agreed on 192 out of 193 amendments. Now we have the 1 remaining amendment of those 193 which is in true disagreement, and we have received from the other body their proposal.  I have moved to amend their amendment in disagreement with an amendment by myself and the Senator from Kansas, Mrs. Kassebaum. What happened is the Senate conferees were not able to agree to a House provision that would reinstate the so-called Mexico City policy of the 1980's. As Senators may recall, the Mexico City policy caused much division in this country and picked up a lot of ridicule for this country abroad. It prohibits the U.S. Government from using its funds to support private family planning organizations that use their own funds to provide counseling and other services relating to abortion.  What my amendment does, it strikes the House provision and it replaces it with the identical Senate language that passed this body on September 21. Senator Kassebaum, who is the original author of this language, is a cosponsor of this amendment.  The amendment says that in determining eligibility for assistance, non-Government and multilateral organizations shall not be subjected to requirements more restrictive to requirements applicable to foreign governments for such assistance; provided further that none of the funds made available under this act may be used to lobby for or against abortion.  So no matter what your position is on abortion, U.S. money cannot be used to lobby for or against it. This has been very carefully thought out to give Senators who have strong views on the subject of abortion a common ground and be respectful of the views on both sides of this issue.  The sad thing about the House provision, which we are now seeking to amend and send back to the other body, is that it is not only totally and utterly unnecessary, but if it prevailed on this bill, it guarantees a veto, and the work of the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. McConnell, and myself, as well as all the other Senators who joined with us in putting together the foreign aid bill, goes down the drain.  Our bill explicitly, and I wish Senators would listen to this, the Senate bill explicitly prohibits the use of any U.S. funds for abortion. Period. End of sentence. No qualifications.  It is the same prohibition that we have had for years. It is the same prohibition we had in the last Republican administration. It is the same prohibition we have in this administration. No funds in this bill can be used for abortion.  We are really ending up debating bumper-sticker slogans. We are ending up debating--I do not know--fundraising letters, whatever, but we are not debating the reality of the foreign aid bill.  The amendment I offered simply continues current law and practice, and at a time when support for voluntary family planning programs and women's reproductive health is growing around the world, it would be ridiculous for the United States to, once again, surrender its leadership in this area as we did back in the eighties.  Some have defended the House provision, because it only prohibits U.S. support for foreign organizations. That is precisely the problem. It is by supporting foreign organizations that we implement our family planning programs. We do not stop the population explosion in other parts of the country by saying we will send the money to Planned Parenthood of Winooski, VT. We do it by sending the money where family planning might help. In fact, let me give just one example of what the House provision would do.  A current program that uses United States funds to train Russian doctors in providing family planning services would have to shut down because it takes place in a Russian hospital. In that Russian hospital, Russian funds are used to perform legal abortions. In Russia, the average woman has seven abortions, something I find, and I hope most people would find, to be a terrible situation.  But in our program, which tries to help the Russian doctors teach family planning so they will not be having seven abortions, the House provision says you cannot do that. You cannot do that because in the place where they would teach that, somewhere else in that same building abortions might take place.  Well, come on, this is Alice in Wonderland. You teach alternatives to abortion at a place where people who are interested in that subject might be.  The whole point of this program is to promote contraceptives and alternatives to abortion. It does not ask for money for abortion, it seeks alternatives. Every dollar is for voluntary --voluntary--family planning. I say to my colleagues, if you vote against the amendment of the Senator from Kansas and myself, let there be no mistake, that opposes voluntary family planning if you vote against it.  The other point I want to emphasize is no funds in this bill can be used in China. I heard the debate earlier about people who are concerned about what happens in China. Well, I am concerned. I am appalled by forced sterilization. I am appalled by forced abortions. I am appalled by the Chinese Government telling people, under pain of all kinds of strictures, how many children they can have. We all are, but do not knock down our ability to help the voluntary family planning in other countries by holding up as a straw man somehow the situation in China.  Chinese population policy should be condemned, but do not condemn the program. In fact, the House provision would prevent the United States from contributing to the U.N. population fund. It is the largest international family planning agency in the world. UNFPA does not fund abortion. It has an explicit policy against supporting abortion. It funds contraceptives, education and informs about family planning in 140 countries. It is absolutely vital the United States play a leading role in the U.N. agency at a time when the decisions we make today will determine if the world population doubles or even triples. The Chinese population policy should be condemned, but do not condemn an organization that seeks to demonstrate to the Chinese Government that they can achieve the same results with voluntary family planning.  As I said, we contain a prohibition against using U.S. funds in China. That is despite the fact U.N. programs in China promote voluntary family planning and human rights.  Mr. President, let us not go backwards, not when so many governments are finally seeking out and limiting rates of population growth. Many of these countries are already impoverished. We have the technology, the expertise and the interest in helping. The amendment in the House requires UNFPA to withdraw from China. That is a decision not for UNFPA but its governing board, which is made up of its donor governments. By attaching a condition UNFPA cannot meet, we cut off funding for programs in 139 other countries.  So just understand what is here. In the amendment of the Senator from Kansas and myself, no money for abortion, no money for child care, but money for voluntary family planning. If you are against voluntarily family planning, vote against it. But if you would like to see, as we do, the ability to give some of these countries alternatives to abortion, then vote with us. And also, with all the work that has gone into this bill, let us complete the bill so it can actually be signed into law by the President and not vetoed.  I see the cosponsor, my good friend from Kansas, on the floor. I yield to her.  