President, I have listened to the statement of my friend from Mississippi, and I appreciate his rhetoric and his ability to state his position. I think of the expression oft used in summations before the jury, taken in a light most favorable in favor of the opponent. One has to take his statement in the light most favorable to the opponent. The fact of the matter is that the President is right to veto a number of the pieces of legislation before him, not because of a question of spending, but because of a question of legislation being overturned, legislation that was put together by bipartisan majorities over the years.  I use one example. In EPA, one of the bills, basically what the so-called Republican Contract With America has done is cut out the enforcement arm of EPA. They know that they cannot stand up here and pass legislation to repeal our clean water laws. They cannot pass legislation to repeal our clean air laws. Those were laws put together by a majority of Republicans and Democrats working together over the years.  So what do they do? Instead of repealing them, which they cannot do, they simply say we will not enforce them. What they are saying is, ``Go ahead and pollute; we don't give a hoot.'' They have changed the whole idea around. What they are saying, it is the same thing as if they said we will not do away with the law against burglary, but we will not allow you to put any locks on your doors; we will not let you put any guards at your warehouses; we will have no police officers patrol the streets; and we will not answer a call when somebody sees a moving van in the back of your warehouse at 3 o'clock in the morning unloading the warehouse. We will say we have not done away with the laws of burglary, we will just not enforce them.  Back just a few years ago, the Cuyahoga River was on fire because of pollution. That does not occur today. What they are saying, however, is we will not enforce those laws because some of our largest contributors do not like them. We will not enforce the laws that keep the Cuyahoga River or the Winooski River in Vermont, to keep them clean.  We talk about our children. Our children deserve clean water. Our children deserve clean air. It is certainly going to keep down our health costs. We should not, in the guise of budgetary things, do away with this.  It makes me think, for example, of some of the same--in this new breed, especially in the House, new breed of Republicans, when they spoke of patriotism and honor and flag and everything else, but they passed quickly and quietly in the dark of the night a tax bill which said that if you are one of these billionaires who is willing to stand up and renounce your country, renounce the United States of America, renounce the greatest democracy on Earth, we will give you one hell of a tax break.  Now, Mr. President, it is those things. Somebody once said the Devil is in the details. The Devil is at work in the details of some of these bills. These bills should be talking about our spending priorities. Everybody on this side of the aisle, and I suspect everybody on that side of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, agree that we want to balance the budget in as short a time as possible. But, in doing it, let us not repeal laws that the vast majority of Americans, Republicans or Democrats, agree on. Let us not repeal our commitment to good education for our children. Let us not repeal our commitment to clean air and clean water under the guise of this. And let us not give away these special tax breaks which say if you stand up and renounce your country we are going to give you a special tax break. That is ridiculous.  We see an example, one person took advantage of this to move down to Belize, because he always liked Belize. However, he said, he gave them some money so they would establish a consulate in his home town in Florida, with the idea he could then still live in Florida and not have to go to Belize, but he would get this multibillion-dollar tax break. Fortunately, the State Department stopped that.  What I suggest is it is time to go back to basics on this. I see people talking across each other. I have said over and over again--I said this this summer--we are not going to pass a Gingrich budget, we are not going to pass a Dole budget, a Daschle budget, a Leahy budget or a Clinton budget. But working together we might pass one. It is going to require the Speaker of the House to stand up to his new freshman class and tell them that we certainly value the experience they have gained in 11 months in office but that there are a lot of others in Government, too, in both parties, who also have experience. Some have even more than 11 months.  It is time to get together. I suggest to them, they may want to look at the dictionary. This is a dictionary and I will read what it says about negotiating. It says to negotiate means:       To arrange for or bring about through conference,      discussion and compromise.  If they do not understand the word ``compromise,'' I have that here, too. Compromise means:       A settlement of differences by arbitration or by consent      reached by mutual concessions.  Compromise and negotiation does not mean that one side simply says we will walk away from the table unless you agree to everything before we even start our negotiation. Unfortunately that happened last week.  The President of the United States is not going to be ordered by a group of freshman House Republicans--is not going to be ordered to just come in here and give up everything that he believes in and everything he was elected for. The President of the United States, as well as the Democratic leadership in the House and the Senate, have said they will sit down and they are willing to negotiate on every single item. But they are not willing to give away all their points before the negotiation even starts.  When I was in private practice of law I negotiated many, many a case. You come in, each with all your positions intact. Then when you sit down you start dealing out and saying I can give up on this but you can give up on that. There is an art of compromise involved.  I have served here, twice in the majority, twice in the minority. I have been chairman or ranking member of significant committees and subcommittees. I have gone through a number of committees of conference. Of course you start out with differences. But you sit down. You do not walk away from the table. You sit down to work them out. Most recently in the foreign operations bill we started out with 193 differences with the other body. We negotiated agreements on 192. We have been held up on one, which has become more a difference of polemics and not of substance; of symbols and not substance; of rhetoric and not reality.  What have we come to? This is not the way to run the Government. This is not what people want to see. They want to see our Government run, they want to see our tax dollars well spent, they want to see the budget deficit come down. They would like to see us stop acting like children. They would like to see us get together as men and women elected to run this great country. It is the greatest democracy on Earth. It is the largest economy on Earth, the most powerful nation on Earth, one with worldwide responsibilities as well as responsibilities to our people. Let us come back and make it work.  The President has helped in the way he can, over the weekend, on LIHEAP, emergency heating aid to those in the northern parts of our country like my own State of Vermont, where it is extremely cold. But these are little things. What we need to do is bring together the big things that make it possible so the President does not have to. Why emergency help on something we had all agreed should be done under the regular routine? Let us come together, let us come together on the big issues of Medicare and Medicaid, on nutrition, on education, on defense. We can do it. But we are going to do it only when we learn, when we go back to the dictionary and say compromise is a ``settlement of differences * * * by consent reached by mutual concessions.'' Concessions by Republicans, concessions by Democrats; concessions by the Congress, concessions by the President. It can be done. It is not going to be done if we want to make rhetorical debating points. It can be done if we really believe in upholding our oath of office and helping this country.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  