President, this budget resolution calls for elimination of the budget deficit. I support that goal, but there are many different ways to achieve it. I do not support the formula proposed by the Republicans. It will hurt the poorest people, and reward the wealthiest. There is no better example of the fundamental differences between Republicans and Democrats.  Right now, I would like to focus on what the other side's proposed budget would do to Function 150, the part of the budget that finances programs to advance U.S. foreign policy.  Function 150 is not a large item in the Federal budget. It amounts to only a little more than 1 percent of total Federal expenditures. It is only 8 percent of our budget for national defense.  But it is vitally important to every man, woman, and child in this country. The United States is the world's only remaining superpower. We have an historic opportunity to influence global events, and to make sure that political and economic developments around the world are consistent with American interests.  The momentum is already in the right direction. American investments over the past 40 years have paid off. Not only has the direct threat of Communist aggression disappeared. The end of confrontation between the two superpowers has also caused the world to refocus attention on the evils of dictatorship and abuse of human rights that persist in many places. And the collapse of centrally planned economic systems has discredited state ownership of the economy all around the world. For the first time in history, the trend is almost single-mindedly toward adopting the values that Americans hold dear--democracy, human rights, private property, open markets, competition.  But it is much too early yet to relax our vigilance. The world remains an unpredictable, violent and unstable place. The United States still has a vital interest in leading the way towards peace and democracy and prosperity and away from conflict and instability.  The military threat to America has receded, but it is more true today than ever that American prosperity is linked to conditions in the rest of the world. Millions of Americans jobs depend upon persuading other countries to open their borders to U.S. exports and helping them to raise their incomes so they can afford to buy those exports. Providing Americans clean air and clean water depends upon international action to protect the environment. Keeping Americans healthy depends on cooperative action to fight disease in other countries. Stemming the flow of illegal immigrants and refugees to the United States depends on advancing democracy and economic development in the countries from which the refugees are fleeing.  For all that people complain about the U.S. Government wasting money overseas, Americans overwhelmingly reject isolationism. They want the President of the United States to continue to project American power and influence abroad.  Maintaining a strong military provides underpinning for that exercise of leadership. But who wants us to have to risk shedding American blood? We need the President to conduct an aggressive, preventive foreign policy that will secure America's interests peacefully. This is where Function 150 is absolutely critical.  It is Function 150 that provides the funding for the President to lead:  It pays for the State Department and U.S. Embassies around the globe that maintain communication with foreign governments and pursue cooperation with them. It funds the diplomacy that just a few weeks ago secured the indefinite extension of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, with the enormous promise it offers for reducing the threat of nuclear explosions.  It funds U.S. contributions to the various international organizations that are the glue that holds our international economic system together:  The United Nations which notwithstanding its weaknesses--weaknesses that stem primarily from the differences of its members--plays a critical role in focusing international attention on world problems and helping resolve them;  The International Monetary Fund which brings governments together to protect the stability of the international monetary system; and  The World Bank and regional development banks that mobilize capital to help the poorer countries develop economic policies that will produce equitable, sustainable economic growth.  It funds America's bilateral assistance programs. These include programs for helping Rwandans fleeing from genocide; programs for containing the spread of AIDS and other deadly, infectious diseases; programs for assisting Russia to install democratic systems and privatize state-owned enterprises; programs for advancing the Middle East peace process.  It funds the efforts of the Export Import Bank of the United States and other agencies to promote U.S. exports.  The budget resolution envisions a $2.4 billion reduction in Function 150 spending in the 1996 fiscal year, with additional reductions in subsequent years. This may not seem like much in a $1.5 trillion budget, but it amounts to over 12 percent of the current Function 150 budget. Subtracting out accounts that cannot be reduced, it means cuts of over 30 percent in many of the remaining accounts. This is not streamlining, this is decapitation.  Mr. President, quite simply, the cuts in Function 150 that the budget resolution contemplates would undermine the President's ability to protect American interests abroad by non-military means. Let me cite just a few examples:  We would abandon efforts to promote political and economic reform in Russia and the other former centrally planned economies. Given the opportunity to help turn our worst enemy into a friend, the Republicans want us to shrug and turn our backs. I am not thrilled with everything Russia is doing. The destruction of Chechnya embodies the worst of old-style Soviet heavy-handed repression. But there have been many astonishingly positive developments in Russia, Ukraine, and the other central and eastern European countries over the past couple of years too. Enhanced freedom of the press. Privatization of enterprise. Elections. Our aid is aimed at advancing reform. What folly for us not to seek to nurture what is good in the new Europe.  We would virtually terminate efforts through the World Bank to promote economic reform and growth in the poorest countries of sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. This is no trivial matter. If these countries, with their hundreds of millions of people, start to grow, they will offer vast new markets for employment-generating U.S. exports. If, on the other hand, they descend into fratricidal war and economic decay, they will produce ever-more-overwhelming flows of refugees and disease. Representing not just the United States but the entire world community, the World Bank and the other multilateral development banks are the most promising instrument for bringing change to these desperate countries. In the past few years, they have finally begun to record success in [[Page S7368]] producing broad-based growth in some of these countries. For less than $2 billion per year, the United States has the prospect of promoting the development of economies accounting for a third or more of the world's population. This is a sound investment. The Republican budget resolution would cancel that investment.  We would slash spending on bilateral development assistance. This is assistance that is keyed directly to U.S. interests. We promote democracy and sustainable development in countries that are major sources of refugees and migrants. The Agency for International Development has taken decisive steps during the Clinton administration to bring its activities fully into sync with U.S. foreign policy priorities. It is grossly inaccurate to call its programs tax-dollar throw-aways, as some have said.  Programs of special interest to many Senators, like aid to Eastern Europe and the Baltics, Cyprus and Ireland, and military aid to Greece and Turkey, would be eliminated. The Ex-Im Bank, Peace Corps, PL-480 food aid, and educational exchanges would all be slashed.  Of course, the United States cannot do any of this by itself. But no one is asking us to. The United States has already fallen to 21st among foreign aid donors in the percentage of national income that it devotes to development assistance. We aren't even the largest donor in terms of dollar amount anymore. Japan has now left us in the dust. The budget resolution would force us to withdraw from broad areas of development assistance entirely.  When I became chairman of the Foreign Operation Subcommittee in fiscal year 1990, the Foreign Operations budget, which makes up two-thirds of the Function 150 account, was $14.6 billion. During my 6 years as chairman, we cut that budget by 6.5 percent--not even taking into account inflation--while the remainder of the discretionary spending in the Federal budget increased by 4.8 percent. Most of those cuts were in military aid. They were a calculated response to the end of the cold war. But that job is now pretty well done. Foreign aid today is substantially less than it was during the Reagan and Bush administrations.  Mr. President, we must recognize that there is a limit to how far we can cut our budget for international affairs. Our allies are scratching their heads, wondering why the United States, with the opportunity to exercise influence in the world more cheaply than ever before, is turning its back and walking away. We are inviting whoever else wants to--friend or foe--to step into the vacuum and pursue their interests at our expense.  