President, I am pleased and proud to introduce today, with Senator Lugar, the Agricultural Resources Conservation Act of 1995.  When President Bush signed the 1990 farm bill, he called it one of the most important environmental bills in that Congress.  Today will build on that legacy.  We build on the legacy of Vermont's--and America's values.  Being good neighbors. That is the value we live by in Vermont. When a cow gets out of her pasture, our neighbors make sure she gets back safely. When phosphorus gets out of our barnyards and threatens Lake Champlain, we come together to find a solution.  We build on the legacy of our Vermont experience.  In Vermont we have proved over the past 15 years that if we build good conservation policy, our farmers will come and participate. This bill takes the Vermont model and makes it a nationwide program.  We build on a legacy of bipartisan cooperation.  The conservation policies we enacted in 1985 and 1990 have produced more progress in the last 10 years than we have seen in the last 50 years of soil conservation.  That is a summary of the values and policies behind this bill.  What does it mean on the ground in Vermont? [[Page S7517]]   First, it means farmers will not have to choose between being good neighbors--controlling their polluted runoff--and staying in business.  Our neighbors, Vermonters and Americans nationwide, will help share the costs.  Second, our working together means cleaner rivers and streams. We can take the successes we have had in local areas, and make them work statewide.  Third, it means new opportunities for all Vermont's farmers. Dairy and sheep, apple farmers and vegetable farmers--all can be better farmers and neighbors.  I believe the bill we are introducing today embodies in legislation the agricultural community's commitment to conservation and the environment. In the Agricultural Resources Conservation Act of 1995 we extend that legacy to the broader environmental challenges farmers and ranchers will face in the next 10 years.  The legislation I am introducing today is built on four key ideas.  We are neighbors;  Let's build on proven success;  We need solutions, not complex programs;  Look ahead, or we will fall behind.  We are neighbors: The Good Neighbor Act of 1995.  The Agricultural Resources Conservation Act of 1995 is more than a set of proposals for policies and programs. It is, at its heart, a statement of the values we share as Americans.  The guiding principle of this bill is the golden rule.  Farmers and ranchers manage nearly half of the land mass of the contiguous United States. Cropland alone makes up one-fifth of our land. The 36 million acres in the Conservation Reserve Program is 2.5 times the size of the Wildlife Refuge System in the lower 48 states. These figures show that some of our most critical environmental concerns, from water quality to wildlife habitat, can be solved only with the active, cooperative support of the agricultural sector. The bill I am introducing today provides the means to engage farmers and ranchers in actively and cooperatively meeting their responsibilities as neighbors.  I firmly believe that most farmers and ranchers are good neighbors. The facts speak for themselves. Since 1985, farmers and ranchers have reduced soil erosion on highly erodible land by two-thirds. We are about to turn the corner on wetland losses in agriculture--restoring more acres than we are converting. A recent poll of 10,000 farmers in 15 leading farm States found that 58 percent of the farmers said conservation compliance should be continued. A majority of the farmers polled, 43 percent agreed that the Government should insist they plant filter strips along stream banks to protect water quality--40 percent disagreed.  Farmers, it seems to me, are way ahead of some of their leaders when it comes to working constructively to solve our real and legitimate environmental problems. This bill builds on farmers and ranchers clear commitment to conservation and their neighbors.  BUILD ON PROVEN SUCCESS: IF WE BUILD IT, THEY WILL COME.  This bill tries to make what has worked so well in Vermont work for farmers and ranchers in the rest of the country.  In Vermont we have a problem with Lake Champlain. Runoff from dairy farms causes a real problem when it carries phosphorus into Lake Champlain. Beginning in 1980, farmers and their urban neighbors came together to work out solutions. We identified the sources of runoff--we identified the management practices that would reduce that runoff--and we set ourselves some goals by which to measure our progress. We targeted the Federal assistance to get results.  And it's working. In the Lake Champlain basin alone 436 farmers have contributed $5.8 million over their own money to match $13.4 million in Federal funding in the last 15 years. Other farmers are taking advantage of technical assistance and incentive payments provided through the Water Quality Incentives Program to set up innovative rotational grazing systems that increase profits and protect water quality. Our experience proves that if we provide farmers and ranchers with the technical and financial assistance they need, they will step up to the plate and do their share to protect the environment.  That is what the Agricultural Resources Conservation Act of 1995 does--put the tools into the hands of farmers that will allow them to reconcile profitability, productivity, and the environment. Specifically we:  Reauthorize the Conservation Reserve Program through 2005 and make sure the program works to protect soil, water quality, and wildlife habitat;  Authorize a new program, called the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, which insures farmers will have the technical and financial assistance to produce crops and livestock in ways that protect the environment; and  Reauthorize the Wetland Reserve Program through 2005 to make sure wetland restoration and protection works for flood prevention, water quality, and wildlife habitat.  These three programs will enable farmers to make the changes they need to make to protect the environment while protecting their bottom line at the same time.  We need solutions, not complex programs.  Farmers and ranchers want to do the right thing, but sometimes our rules and regulations get in the way.  This bill gets bureaucratic redtape out of the way of farmers that want to conserve and protect the environment.  Our proposed Environmental Quality Incentives Program combines the   functions of the Great Plains Conservation Program, Water Quality Incentives Program, Agricultural Conservation Program, and the Colorado River Salinity Control Program into one, voluntary and flexible conservation program. Farmers and ranchers will have one-step shopping for conservation planning. They will no longer have to have a file drawer full of plans for every conservation program or cost-share agreement they need. They will be able to use one plan to address all their conservation objectives and that makes them eligible for financial assistance.  Last year, we took the first steps toward eliminating bureaucratic redtape when we passed legislation that reorganized the Department. There is no reason to reinvent the wheel and create a new bureaucratic structure to implement the Environmental Quality Incentives Program. The structure is already in the field to do the job--county committees, conservation districts, the Natural Resources Conservation Service and the Consolidated Farm Services Agency just need to work together to get the job done. That's how it works in Vermont, and that's how it should work in every State. The implementation of the Department reorganization is proving that it can and will work for everyone.  We have to think ahead or we will be left behind.  This bill provides a public commitment to help farmers meet what they tell me is a growing concern: meeting increasingly complex environmental challenges while sustaining profitable and productive farms and ranches.  This bill charts a course for farm policy in the 21st century. It is a course that provides for environmental income stability in the same way our current farm policy provides for market income stability.  Agricultural programs were established in the 1930's to stabilize farm income in the face of large swings in commodity prices. Farmers now believe that conservation and environmental rules threaten the stability of farm income. Often these threats are overblown by groups more interested in being divisive than being constructive. Polls consistently show that the American public holds both farming and environmental protection in very high esteem. Both farmers and environmentalists have much to lose from a divisive relationship.  As I said earlier, farmers and ranchers manage half of the land mass in the contiguous United States. This means how we farm and how we ranch must affect our neighbors, whether those neighbors are across the fence, or 1,000 miles downstream. The farm policy of the future must meet the unique needs of farmers and ranchers as the Nation's landowners and land managers.  This bill proposes to put conservation funding on an equal footing with commodity programs. Why?  The purpose of the CCC borrowing authority is to provide farm income stability. [[Page S7518]]   Conservation programs address the effect of changing environmental rules on farm income, just as commodity programs address farm income instability from changing markets.  That is why this legislation authorizes the Commodity Credit Corporation to use its borrowing authority to fund the Conservation Reserve Progam, the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, and the Wetland Reserve Program.  Early last year several groups of experts from all sectors of agriculture came together under the auspices of the National Center for Food and Agricultural Policy to help us plan for the 1995 farm bill.  Let me quote from the overview prepared at the end of this process:       Supporters of the program had some difficulty, however, in      rationalizing as to why an industrial policy for the food and      fiber sector requires continuing large-scale transfers of      income to a portion of the farm production sector. . . . The      working group looking at land use, conservation and      environment issue had no such problems in identifying the      public interest in and the public benefits that can be      derived from programs. . . . This group argued that the      primary beneficiary of the conservation and the environment      programs is the public--which values the benefits of      additional wildlife, cleaner water, and less soil erosion.  This report is right. The direction is clear. I firmly believe that conservation should and will play an increasingly important role in the agricultural policy of the next century. The public has proved they are willing to pay for conservation. We need to take the first steps this year to build on that willingness to guarantee farmers and ranchers will have the technical and financial assistance they will need in the future.  Budget pressures will sorely test our commitment to conservation this year. We will be forced to make painful choices. We will be forced to rethink the basis and justification of our farm policy. This bill makes a firm commitment to conservation as a fundamental purpose of future farm programs.  Mr. President, I am proud to introduce this bill today. This bill builds on what we know works in my State and in the Nation. It is part of a blueprint for a farm policy that will meet the needs of farmers, ranchers, and their neighbors as we approach the next century.      By 