President, I would like to add one thing to what the distinguished Senator from California said. She reminded us that this is not a California amendment; it is not only for earthquakes in California. In fact, one of my colleagues asked me walking through the halls this morning, ``Why is this a Boxer-Leahy amendment? You don't have earthquakes in Vermont.'' For a practical matter we do have very mild ones. But I said this is not a Vermont amendment. This is not a California amendment.  There are a lot of areas, whether it is the flooding in the Midwest that we saw last year, that this amendment addresses. I remember, Mr. President--and the distinguished Senator from California and I have discussed this--the time when I first became chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee. We were in a massive drought, unprecedented drought throughout the Midwest. There were Time magazine cover stories. Networks were doing special segments on it. I took the Senate Agriculture Committee staff else in an airplane and we went around for 3 days to view what was going on and see the extent of the disaster.  I recall one place in North Dakota where they were digging a well down through the soil to where they first found moisture. They found moisture about 2\1/2\ feet down in this particular place, and the crop has a root system of only 2 or 3 inches.  We came back here and with bipartisan support we wrote a disaster bill, a very significant disaster bill. But had we not been able to move quickly through the House and the Senate, we would have seen not only thousands of farms go out of business but the ripple effect of thousands of other businesses, everything from the tractor dealers to the clothing stores to the shipping companies to those who export to other parts of the world. It would have affected our balance of payments, especially in a country like ours where we have had now for a number of years balance of payment deficits except in agriculture and some of the intellectual property areas. That was a disaster.  