President, I thank my good friend, the distinguished senior Senator from New York and my neighbor. And like the distinguished Senator from New York, I, too, hope that we will some day actually have baseball played. I share his sense of patriotism in all things. I admire his sense of history. But I suspect he, like I, is at many, many events this time of year when our national anthem is played. We are all very proud to hear it, but we sometimes, as spring arrives, wait for the words, ``Play ball,'' right after it is played.  So the Major League Baseball Antitrust Reform Act of 1995 is being introduced, Mr. President. It is being introduced by Senators Hatch, Thurmond, and myself. I want the Senate to know why I back this.  Senator Thurmond and I introduced on February 14 an earlier version of this legislation to remove the antitrust law exemption that major league baseball has enjoyed for over 70 years. Major league baseball, unlike practically any other business in this country, has an exemption from the antitrust laws, and Senator Thurmond, Senator Hatch, and I, and others, feel that should be removed.  Actually, we are just saying that nobody should be above the law. We did this for Congress. We passed the Congressional Accountability Act, something I backed for years, which applies the same laws to Congress as apply to everybody else. We are just saying baseball should live by the same laws as everybody else.  I regret very much that the owners of major league baseball teams and major league baseball players have been unable to get through their impasse. Mediation has not been successful. Presidential entreaties could not do it. Congressional pleas for a voluntary settlement have gone for nought.  What we have always thought of as our national pastime may become a thing of the past. I am afraid that what we saw as children when we would follow games, when we would go to our Little League games and identify with various major leaguers at that time is gone. Seniors who look forward to the joys of spring training and following their favorite teams on radio, youngsters who identify with heroes in the world of baseball, this will be gone.  And let us not forget so many who make monthly mortgage payments by being vendors of everything from T-shirts to hot dogs, who park the cars, who take the tickets. These people are also out of a job.  There is a public interest in the resumption of major league baseball. I am concerned that the owners show no intent of really getting a strong commissioner who might look out for the best interest of baseball. That is what the commissioner is supposed to do--not the private interest of those who make the money from baseball, whether owners or players, but rather for the best interests of baseball itself.  Our antitrust laws are designed to protect consumers, but for over 70 years consumers have not seen these applied to baseball, on the assumption that there would be a strong commissioner and the major league would operate in the best interest of baseball. But that is not what is going on.  In Vermont, where I grew up, virtually everybody was a Red Sox fan. Now there is divided loyalty between the Red Sox and the Montreal Expos, and there is also the minor league team, the Vermont Expos.  We also have jobs in the State of Vermont that rely on baseball. There is a company called Moot Wood Turnings in Northfield Falls, VT. ``Turnings'' is wood turnings. They make the souvenir, replica baseball bats, the little bats that have been passed out for 40 years on bat day at baseball games. They had to drop a third of their 24-person work force because of the strike last summer. That is just one small company. These are not people who make a great deal of money. They make $5 and $6 an hour, and they were out of work because a small group of people cannot figure out how to divide up $2 billion. It makes absolutely no sense.  We had a chance last year to right this situation when we were considering a bill to repeal baseball's antitrust exemption, but we decided to hold off in the Senate, thinking that maybe everybody would work it out. Right after that, negotiations between the major league baseball owners and players disintegrated. We saw a preemptive strike, the unilateral imposition of a salary cap, failed efforts at mediation, the loss of one season and likely obliteration of a second, and pleas from all corners to get it going again.  I think if we had repealed this out-of-date, judicially proclaimed immunity from the antitrust laws, this matter would not still be festering. No other business, professional or amateur sport, has this exemption from law that major league baseball has enjoyed and, Mr. President, has abused.  In fact, one of the players who testified at the Judiciary Committee hearing this year asked a very perceptive question. He said, let us suppose that baseball did not have an antitrust exemption and let us suppose they were in the sorry state they are in today and then let us suppose baseball came to Congress and said, ``Oh, by the way, we cannot clean up this mess we have, but would you kindly give us an antitrust [[Page S4546]] exemption? Would you pass a special law to exempt us from the antitrust laws''--something nobody else has. Mr. President, they would get laughed off Capitol Hill. There would be no antitrust exemption passed for them.  So the question is, if we would not enact it today, why do we allow them to have it? Why do we not just end it? It is something that should be done.  I am concerned about the interest of the public. I am concerned particularly about the interest of baseball fans. I am not here to speak on behalf of the baseball owners or the players. Former commissioner Fay Vincent said:       Baseball is more than ownership of an ordinary business.      Owners have a duty to take into consideration that they own a      part of America's national pastime--in trust. This trust      sometimes requires putting self-interest second.  I am also concerned about some of the answers I got from some of major league baseball's representatives. In fact, I should note here on the floor that the answers that they sent, their written answers, are in severe variance with their hearing testimony on several points. In other words, they said one thing at the hearing and they said something else after, in their answers. I think the public should look at what they did, because either they are grossly mistaken on one point or they are not telling the truth on another.  For example, I asked the acting commissioner whether fans who reject replacement players and replacement games would retain season tickets when the strike ended and major league players return? He testified unequivocally and without hesitation, ``Yes, sir.'' But in his written response to the same question, he did not confirm his testimony. Instead, he responded that policies with regard to season tickets and priority seating are handled by the clubs individually.  Well, he has given two answers. One has to be honest, and one contradicts the other. At the hearing, I asked whether major league baseball owners, who benefit from a special antitrust exemption in order to be able to join together with regard to sports broadcasting, would make an unqualified commitment that major league baseball playoff and World Series games would continue to be broadcast over free television through the year 2010.  The acting commissioner responded in the affirmative. But when he got away from the TV lights and cameras and the hearing, he answers that ``it is not possible to make an unqualified commitment that far into the future.''  I think the public is being shortchanged by the policies and practices of major league baseball and by such disregard for the interests of the fans as evidenced from the hearing record.  They ought to have a little bit of competition. If we withdraw the antitrust exemption, they will have it. There is no joy here in Washington as we continue these proceedings--just a sense of loss, lost opportunities, lost innocence, and lost stature for a game that once symbolized America like no other.  I commend our chairmen, Senators Hatch and Thurmond, for taking up this challenge. We will move forward on it.  