President, during the past few days, I have been dismayed at the attempts of the proponents of this constitutional amendment to find a fix to pick up a vote or two in order to obtain passage. It may make for high drama, but it also makes for bad law. This is the United States Constitution that they are seeking to amend and its provisions should be carefully crafted, studied and considered. Back rooms and political dealmaking have no place in amending the Constitution.  At the center of these desperate negotiations has apparently been a belated effort to jerryrig some type of budget resolution or implementing legislation to protect the Social Security trust fund from being used to balance the budget under this so-called balanced budget amendment. This is absurd.  The language of House Joint Resolution 1 is very clear. Section 1 states: ``Total outlays for any fiscal year shall not exceed total receipts for that fiscal year.* * *'' And section 7 states: ``Total receipts shall include all receipts of the U.S. Government except those derived from borrowing. Total outlays shall include all outlays of the U.S. Government except for those for repayment of debt principal.'' The undisputed reading of this language is that the Social Security trust fund will be covered by this constitutional amendment.  In addition to the unambiguous language of the constitutional amendment itself, the legislative history of House Joint Resolution 1 makes it clear that the Social Security trust fund is not protected. In fact, the proponents have fought back all efforts in the Senate Judiciary Committee to amend the same language in Senate Joint Resolution 1 and all amendments offered here on the Senate floor over the past month.  During Senate Judiciary Committee consideration of this constitutional amendment, Senator Feinstein offered an amendment to exclude funds going in and out of the Social Security trust fund from the definition of total receipts and total outlays. Unfortunately, a majority of members of the Senate Judiciary Committee tabled Senator Feinstein's amendment by a vote of 10 to 8 on January 18, 1995.  During the Senate debate on House Joint Resolution 1, Democrats offered two separate amendments to take Social Security off the table. Senator Reid offered an amendment to this constitutional amendment that would have legally protected the Social Security trust fund by excluding it from the definitions of total outlays and total receipts in section 7 of House Joint Resolution 1. But that amendment was tabled by a vote of 57 to 41 on February 14, 1995.  Just a few days ago, Senator Feinstein offered a substitute balanced budget amendment that again would have legally protected the Social Security trust fund by excluding it from the definitions of total outlays and total receipts in the substitute amendment. Again, the proponents of this constitutional amendment tabled the Feinstein substitute amendment by a vote of 60 to 39. Whether the Tennessee Valley Authority is exempted and placed ``off budget'' may be in doubt, but there is no doubt that the Social Security trust fund is included by the proponents of this constitutional amendment.  Trying to craft some type of subsequent, legislative fix is folly. No court in the country would enforce a statute that tries to overrule the clear language of a constitutional amendment and the clear legislative history supporting that language. The only way to protect the Social Security trust fund from this so-called balanced budget amendment is to write that protection into the text of House Joint Resolution 1 itself. There is no other legally sound or enforceable way.  Moreover, any follow-up legislative effort to protect Social Security could be changed at any time by subsequent legislation and would offer no permanent protection. Unlike an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, a simple majority of Senators, or in the case of legislation changing the Budget Act 61 Senators, could change legislation trying to take Social Security off the tale. The legislation would fall far short of the protection of having something enshrined in the Constitution, which the Founding Fathers purposely made difficult to amend.  If proponents are finally willing to offer real protection for Social Security, why do it with only a budget resolution or statute? And if that is good enough for Social Security, why not cut the deficit through the same mechanism?  Let us be honest with the American people. The real reason the proponents of this so-called balanced budget amendment refuse to protect Social Security in the constitutional amendment itself is that they have no intention of protecting Social Security. Proponents of this constitutional amendment plan to use the annual surpluses in the Social Security trust fund to mask the true deficit. To make it easier to thump their chests that the budget is balanced, the supporters of this constitutional amendment hope to raid the $705 billion in annual surpluses in the Social Security trust fund that will accumulate between now and 2002.  It was most revealing that their recent offer to compromise with Senators Conrad and Dorgan on this point was to stop counting the surpluses in the Social Security trust fund in 2012, or about the time that those surpluses are projected to dry up.  Let us put an end to this foolishness. Either protect Social Security in the language of House Joint Resolution 1 or not, but quit playing games with the Constitution of the United States. I have argued since this measure began [[Page S3333]] being considered that we needed to tackle the important questions of implementing legislation first. But the proponents of this measure have refused. They remain prepared to leave every concern and serious problem for later.  But their mantra, that fundamental flaws in the constitutional amendment itself can be fixed in implementing legislation, rings hollow. Even if we believed their sudden change of heart on these mattes signalled a real change in philosophy, some problems created by the amendment cannot be corrected in mere implementing legislation. The Constitution defines the ground rules, and the Constitution overrules any contradictory implementing legislation.  Let us bring this sorry spectacle to an end. Let us vote to defeat the so-called balanced budget amendment. Maybe then the Senate could get past this slogan of an amendment and let us get on with real business, making the tough choices needed to take real action to reduce the deficit.  