President, America is waking up to what the Contract With America is really about. But that has not stopped the Republican Congress from forging ahead with their ideological war, that in the end will hurt not just low-income children and families, but our country as a whole.  The bill before us is rhetorically called ``welfare reform''. Its supporters claim they want to get people off welfare and into a job, but this is undermined by the fact that the bill does not give States the resources to follow through on this claim.  What this bill does do is provide billions less than what is necessary for States to provide child care and meet work requirements. This bill cuts assistance for the poor, disabled children and the elderly, and cuts funds that are needed to rescue children from abusive homes. It cuts over $30 billion from the food stamp program and provides for optional block grants that will not allow States to respond to increased need during periods of higher unemployment--over 80 percent of food stamp benefits go to families with children.  Vermont initiated its own welfare reform plan a year ago, aimed at getting people off welfare and into the work force. Vermont's program is working--because the State lowered the rhetoric, left off the sound bites, and got the job done. The cuts included in this bill will be a step backward and could dismantle the programs that have been working in Vermont. It will also be a step backward for the work accomplished by Vermont Campaign to End Childhood Hunger and other Vermont children's advocacy groups.  To highlight what this bill is really all about I want to talk about just one--perhaps seemingly minor--aspect of the agreement reached on the school lunch program. A few years ago, the Reagan administration tried to block-grant the school lunch program. They also tried to say that ketchup was a vegetable. Americans resented people in Washington playing politics with school lunches.  Now the Republicans in the House of Representatives, and a few here in the Senate, are playing the same kinds of political games. Their block grants would end the 50-year-old requirement that schools provide a carton of milk with every school lunch.  Milk has been required in the National School Lunch Program ever since the program began in 1946. The law could not be clearer on this subject: ``Lunches served by schools participating in the school lunch program under this act shall offer students fluid milk.''  Milk is essential to a child's healthy development. It builds strong bones and healthy bodies. Serving every child a carton of milk every day teaches children a crucial lesson about eating healthy meals.  Schools now serve about 40 million half-pints of milk per day in the school lunch and school breakfast program. Children in the school lunch program drink 454 million gallons of milk per year. By comparison, all the dairy farmers in the State of Vermont produce 279 million gallons of milk per year. The milk provided through school lunches accounts for over 7 percent of all fluid milk consumed in the United States.  In my 8 years as chairman of the Agriculture Committee, during two full rewrites of the child nutrition law, I never once heard anyone complain that the school lunch program was serving too much milk.  Yet this bill sets up block grants, and then provides them with insufficient funds to provide a healthy meal, including milk, to every child who needs one.  When the financial crunch hits, States are likely to stop serving milk to children--they will replace it with cheaper and less healthy substitutes like soda.  By the way, under this Republican welfare bill, any State--not just a block-grant State--can obtain a waiver to serve junk food and soda in school cafeterias. I fought for 8 years to keep junk food out of the school lunch program.  I want to read from a letter that the Senator from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, and myself sent to the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, Senator Lugar, on December 6 supporting his stance against school lunch block grants. The letter was also signed by 9 other Republicans and 11 other Democrats.       We oppose mandatory or optional block grants for the child      nutrition programs. The school lunch program provides healthy      meals every day for 25 million American children. Block      grants could undermine the nutritional value of those meals,      threaten the guarantee of free meals for needy children, and      provide inadequate funding for the program during recessions      and other times of need.  The National School Lunch Program is a program that works. Americans--both Democrats and Republicans--support it. It answers a vital need. So why do we need to end the Federal commitment to feeding children and replace it with a block grant? The American School Food Service Association believes that school block grants are a step in the wrong direction and has urged members to vote against this bill.  Underfunded block grants, whether for school lunch, food stamps, child protection, Medicaid or aid to families with children do not give States the tools they need to respond to increased needs during periods of higher unemployment. State taxpayers will be the ones to pick up the tab.  This bill needs to be vetoed so we can start working on a real welfare reform bill in a bipartisan fashion. We must come together and we must agree on the basic principles that can guide our efforts. In my view, the only way to begin this discussion is for President Clinton to veto this bill.  I trust that the President will do so in the interest of American's children and America's future.  