President, on June 16 I introduced S. 940, the Landmine Use Moratorium Act. My bill, which calls for a 1-year moratorium on the use of antipersonnel landmines, aims to exert U.S. leadership to address a problem that has become a global humanitarian catastrophe, the maiming and killing of hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians by landmines.  Landmines are tiny explosives that are concealed beneath the surface of the ground. There are 100 million of them in over 60 countries, each one waiting to explode from the pressure of a footstep. Millions more are manufactured and used each year. The Russians are scattering them by air in Chechnya. They are being used by both sides in Bosnia, where 2 million mines threaten U.N. peacekeepers and humanitarian workers there, as well as civilians.  In Angola there are 70,000 amputees, and another 10 million unexploded mines threatening the entire population. Mines continue to sow terror in dozens of countries in Asia, Africa, Latin America, and the former Soviet Union.  Again, my bill calls for a 1-year moratorium on the use of antipersonnel mines. Not because the United States uses landmines against civilian populations the way they are routinely used elsewhere, but because without U.S. leadership nothing significant will be done to stop it.  Like the landmine export moratorium that passed the Senate 100 to 0--2 years ago--and like the nuclear testing moratorium, my bill aims to spark international cooperation to stop this carnage. Time and time again we have seen how U.S. leadership spurred other countries to act.  The Landmine Use Moratorium Act has 45 cosponsors--37 Democrats and 8 Republicans. They are liberals and conservatives. They understand that whatever military utility these indiscriminate, inhumane weapons have is far outweighed by the immense harm to innocent people they are causing around the world.  Every 22 minutes of every day of every year, someone, usually a defenseless civilian, often a child, is horribly mutilated or killed by a landmine. It is time to stop this. My bill takes a first step.  Mr. President, in recent weeks, newspapers around the country have published editorials and articles about the landmine scourge and the need for leadership by Congress.  I ask unanimous consent that several newspaper articles about the Landmine Use Moratorium Act from Maine, Oregon, Pennsylvania, and elsewhere, as well as several defense publications, be printed in the Record.  I also ask unanimous consent that Senator Gorton be added as a cosponsor to S. 940.  