President, the amendment Senator Harkin and I are offering would partially restore cuts to public radio and television by reducing the appropriation for Radio Free Europe.  Radio Free Europe [RFE] is a World War II program, designed to broadcast news to people living behind the Iron Curtain.  News flash--The Iron Curtain has fallen.  The Cold War is over. While the rest of the world is moving ahead with satellite communication and other technological advances, we are still using U.S. tax dollars to support broadcasts by shortwave radio.  I find when I go on the internet, I can reach people in Eastern Europe. I think I can reach them quicker on internet than by shortwave radio on Radio Free Europe.  I really cannot see, when we are cutting out our own public broadcasting, why we are paying for this in Germany.  [[Page S5350]] We are shortchanging an American audience in deference to overseas listeners.  Our amendment cuts $40.5 million from what U.S. taxpayer is currently paying to support Radio Free Europe. This will still leave $175 million for RFE.  The Corporation for Public Broadcasting would receive $26 million of this savings.  This is not a total restoration of the cuts in this bill for public television and radio--we understand that tough choices have to be made. This restoration will support CPB at the 1995 level with a small increase to compensate for inflation.  Continuing public television and radio programs are especially important in rural areas where residents might not be able to afford or have access to cable programs.  I hear from hundreds of Vermonters each week on how important Vermont ETV and Vermont Public Radio are to their lives. For some, it is the only news and educational programming they can get.  We should not be diminishing this valuable national resource.  The remaining savings from the RFE budget would restore cuts to the Community Service for Older Americans Program.  The war against communism is over. We must focus our efforts on another battle that is still being waged here at home:  Adoption of this amendment will send a clear signal that our priority is to support programs that will help educate and enrich the lives of Americans.  