President, I think the colloquy between the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia and the distinguished senior Senator from Virginia is probably as illustrative of the debate we have here as anything. Without meaning to embarrass either of the distinguished Senators, one from West Virginia and one from Virginia, they are two of the most knowledgeable Members of this Senate, they are two people probably who have observed history, the use of force, the trends in history and trends in the use of force as much as anyone, certainly longer than the senior Senator from Vermont. It is indicative of the agonizing choice here that they are in disagreement on this. They are two Senators respected by their colleagues on both sides of the aisle and respected by each other and yet they differ on this. That is a measure of the strong feelings we all feel about this desperate situation.  It is indicative of the larger issues that underlie this debate. I worry, for example, about what will remain of NATO when this is over? This is an issue that many of us feel, as does the Senator from Vermont, should have been handled by NATO in the first instance, starting several years ago. And NATO--which has been supported by the United States, maintained by the United States, in many ways led by the United States ever since the beginning of the cold war--NATO, when faced with its first real challenge, a challenge to show leadership, a challenge to deal forcefully with a conflict taking place right on their borders, they failed and failed miserably. And it is almost as though the meetings in Brussels and the dinners in the chandeliered dining rooms and the discussions of those driven around in limousines and saluted were more important than the policy. And I worry that part of the damage of this whole sorry episode in the former Yugoslavia, part of the damage may be a wounding of NATO itself. I am very concerned that NATO may not be as relevant as we go into the next century, just 4\1/2\ years away.  I say this because I am one who does not assume that NATO is no longer needed today, that the Soviet Union has completely disappeared. I am not ready to accept that. I certainly accept there have been magnificent and significant changes in the former Soviet Union. But those things that we feared about the Soviet Union, I would say to my friend from Virginia and others, those things we feared I am not sure they cannot reappear.  I applaud the things that have happened in Russia, for example, the opening of a far freer press. I certainly applaud the privatization that is going on, the efforts toward openness and democracy. I certainly hope these changes are permanent, and I have strongly supported aid to the former Soviet Union to help them succeed in this difficult transition. But I am not ready to accept that Russia is like our European allies who we have grown accustomed to throughout our lifetime. It is still a country with thousands and thousands of nuclear warheads, a country still having difficulty deciding what kind of a government it is going to have, and a country with many in positions of power who long for the good old days of Soviet privilege and power.  I do not say that to be overly pessimistic. But I am saying that if the Western World is going to stand up for democracy, human rights, and the civilian control of military power, then NATO is the place to show it. I worry much that NATO may have been so badly damaged by this debacle that it will never recover its footing. I hope it does.  Throughout this debate on the Dole-Lieberman amendment to unilaterally lift the arms embargo against Bosnia, there have been eloquent and persuasive arguments on both sides. I find myself torn. In fact, when similar resolutions as this came up in the past I found myself actually supporting the other side at one point, something I rarely have done in 21 years. I can think of few issues in my 21 years about which I have felt so conflicted.  I do think there are things we all agree on. The arms embargo which was imposed by the United Nations Security Council with strong U.S. support was well-intentioned but, I believe, a tragic mistake. It was agreed to even before Bosnia declared its independence, at a time when very few anticipated the disaster that has since befallen the former Yugoslavia. While the embargo has not prevented Bosnian Moslems from obtaining arms on the black market, it has provided a military advantage to the Serbs by denying the Bosnians access to tanks and heavy artillery.  We also agree that while both sides are guilty of atrocities against civilians and prisoners of war, the Serbs have been responsible for the overwhelming majority of the atrocities, especially in their hideous campaign of ethnic cleansing. We have heard of thousands of women and girls raped, thousands of prisoners mutilated and summarily executed, civilian targets shelled, even the wounded in hospitals taken out and shot.  If there is anything that would fit a definition of war crimes, it has been these atrocities. We have watched as the Bosnian Serbs have overrun 70 percent of the territory previously occupied by Bosnian Moslems. Even today, Sarajevo and Bihac are under attack. That is beyond dispute.  We also know that an American F-16 was shot down by a Serb missile. There was absolutely no evidence that the NATO aircraft, which was enforcing the no-fly zone, posed any threats to the Serbs. But yet they shot it down.  I think we all agree that the status quo is completely unacceptable. UNPROFOR went to Bosnia to protect civilians, but they were never given the mandate, the equipment, or the rules of engagement to do the job, a job they were asked to carry out under agreements worked out with parties that continuously lied and broke their word.  It was unconscionable to inject U.N. peacekeepers into a war where there is no peace to keep and without adequate means to defend themselves. We have watched as the United Nations and NATO have been humiliated and weakened as Serb violations of U.N. resolutions were met with silence. We have been disgusted as NATO, the most powerful military alliance in recorded history, seemed impotent to respond aggressively to these outrages.  We have watched helplessly as U.N. troops were taken hostage, abused, and even killed. Bosnians civilians accompanied by U.N. soldiers have been seized by Serb soldiers, been taken away and shot. The U.N. soldiers have had to stand by and watch this, helpless to stop it. U.N. weapons and equipment have been flagrantly stolen.  The U.N. mission was to protect civilians. While UNPROFOR has saved lives, it has fallen far short of accomplishing its full mission. U.N. safe areas have proven to be anything but safe. The U.N. dual-key approach turned out to be a terrible mistake.  Finally, I think there is widespread agreement that the response of the West, including the United States, to the genocide in Bosnia has been a catastrophic failure. We even refused to call it genocide when what we watch on television was clearly genocide. The policy of our European allies and two consecutive American administrations have been timid, equivocal, and ineffective.  Mr. President, I wish there had never been an arms embargo. But with one in place, we now have a real problem of whether to break with our NATO allies. Many feel that would be a very serious mistake.  The Bosnian Government wants the arms embargo lifted. But does it want the United Nations to leave? The Bosnian Government has never asked the United Nations to leave. That is because they know that, even as flawed as this has been, the United Nations is saving lives and is getting food and medicine to over 2 million stranded, defenseless people. If the United Nations leaves, they know the war will escalate and more people will die. Bosnia's Prime Minister wants the United States to enter the war, and that is why he supports this amendment.  I have also listened to those who believe that even large U.S. airstrikes aimed at strengthening the U.N. operation would not defeat the Serbs. They argue the only way to defeat the Serbs is with massive numbers of NATO ground troops, including thousands of Americans, to seize territory and defend it. Since the Serbs know that the United States is not prepared to undertake such a hazardous, costly military operation of indefinite duration in a country where no U.S. security interests are at stake, there is a possibility the Serbs will resist our air attacks and fight on.  They may be right. But our Pentagon commanders believe that punishing air attacks could swing the balance in this war. And maybe they are right.  And so, Mr. President, it is because there is no easy solution to the conflict in Bosnia that we face this agonizing choice. Everything in my heart and emotion makes me want to vote to lift this embargo. As I talked with the Bosnians themselves, and I hear them say, ``Let us fight like human beings and not die like animals,'' I want to lift the embargo.  And if I thought that unilaterally lifting the arms embargo would stop the bloodshed there, I would vote for it without hesitation, despite, I might say, the unfortunate and even the dangerous precedent it would set in rejecting a Security Council resolution that we here in the United States voted for and supported. I would do so because I believe so strongly that the genocide in Bosnia must be stopped.  Mr. President, I am one who has said for a long, long time, even when our own Government would not say so, that this is genocide. But I find that it may well be impossible for me to vote for this amendment because our military leaders predict that the bloodshed would quickly escalate and that, as UNPROFOR leaves, U.N. troops would be drawn into a protracted ground war in Bosnia. That may be inevitable. It may be inevitable. But there is still a chance that NATO can prevent such a debacle.  I cannot support the withdrawal of the United Nations when there is still a chance that NATO would display the kind of unity and power that it should have displayed from the very beginning of this conflict. I cannot turn my back when NATO may be able to redeem itself and be a viable force for bringing about an end to this cruel war.  I believe our first responsibility is to NATO. I say that as one who has supported NATO throughout my adult life, as one who believes that the West needs a strong leader.  NATO is our first responsibility, and today the administration and our NATO allies are feverishly working to develop a strategy to deter further Serb advances on the Bosnian Moslem enclaves.  I would like to see some time at least elapse following the meetings in London this past weekend, while the meetings are continuing today, before we vote on the question of lifting the arms embargo.  I am afraid if we pass this amendment today, we are inviting NATO to walk away from Bosnia, and we are saying we do not support a forceful NATO response, that we are prepared to see an appalling situation become even worse. I think that would be a mistake. I think we should give the process underway in London time to unfold.  Frankly, I was disappointed, as I know many Senators were, that last Friday in London, the NATO Ministers only threatened to use substantial and decisive force if the Serbs attack Gorazde. Why should that threat not apply equally to Serb attacks against the other remaining safe havens? They are under Serb assault right now.  Innocent people have been dying for months. Secretary of State Christopher and Secretary of Defense Perry have both suggested the enclaves would be covered by the NATO threat, but it is unclear whether NATO feels that way. I believe this is absolutely crucial. I have discussed this with the Secretary of State.  I am confident that the administration will continue to push for the broadest and strongest rules of engagement for NATO, and that the disastrous dual-key policy will end. Frankly, Mr. President, I hope our country will never be party to something like this again.  Any decision to use force will be made by NATO commanders, not U.N. bureaucrats, and U.S. ground troops will not be involved except, of course, I might say, as we the President has already said, to ensure the safe withdrawal of U.N. troops.  Mr. President, the easy vote for me on this amendment would be to vote ``aye.'' That is an easy, visible way for me to cast my lot with those suffering in Bosnia, suffering that should never have happened if there had not been mistakes made by the West for at least 5 years now.  I feel for those desperate people as passionately as anyone in this Chamber. How could any human being not? But I find it virtually impossible to support an amendment which I believe would lead to wider war, greater suffering, that would endanger the lives of the troops of our NATO allies who are on the ground, and possibly endanger thousands of Americans at this moment when NATO is substantially revising its policy in Bosnia.  As I have said, I have been torn by this more than any issue here. If the new policy does not work, perhaps I will feel differently, perhaps I would vote differently.  If the decision is made to withdraw UNPROFOR, which is what this amendment does, then tens of thousands of U.S. troops will be sent to assist their retreat, If that occurs, Americans and U.N. peacekeepers will be killed and possibly taken hostage.  As the leader of NATO we have that responsibility. If we are asked by UNPROFOR to help them withdraw, we will have to say yes. I am one Senator who would vote to support that, even though it means we will put American troops in harm's way. But I cannot support an amendment which does not spell out all these risks for the American people. This amendment says nothing about the fact that American ground troops would likely end up in Bosnia. Perhaps we should vote on that.  Mr. President, while I have been deeply disappointed by the failure of the Western countries to act more forcefully to stop the genocide in Bosnia, I have hope that that is changing. I think we and our allies have failed badly. The past 3 years will be remembered for horrifying brutality met by timidity and meaningless threats.  Today, NATO has a last chance to redeem itself. President Clinton has gone to great lengths in recent days to persuade our national allies to act forcefully. There has been significant progress toward a unified position. He has urged us to give NATO a chance to prove itself--not the U.N. but NATO. I believe we have a responsibility as the leader of NATO to stand up for that alliance today.  For that reason, and primarily for that reason, I will vote no. If NATO does not stand up, if the situation does not change, if after the conclusion of the discussions in London further Serb atrocities are still met with inaction, then frankly, Mr. President, I do not see how I could continue to vote no.  I want to say, again, Mr. President, before I yield the floor, I see my friend from Virginia, and I have so much respect both for him and for the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia. Hearing that colloquy, I could not help but think that they spoke to the things that have been going back and forth in my mind.  I walked the fields of my farm in Vermont, and I have gone back and forth and been awake in the middle of the night. I find myself one moment saying yes, and the next moment, no. I have gone back and forth. This has, frankly, Mr. President, been one of the most difficult votes I have cast, even though there is no question in my mind that the resolution of the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Senator from Connecticut will pass this body, I suspect, by a fairly large margin.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thompson). The Senator from Virginia.  