President, I recently had a chance to watch some of the best softball I have ever seen.  I saw the Vermonters, who make up my own team, play in the semifinals and then the finals and then win the softball championship.  I was out there Saturday in 95-degree heat, blistering sun, and I watched these young men and women from my office's team and I thought: That is real sportsmanship.  Then, the next day the final championship was fought between Vermont and New Hampshire.  In a league with 120 teams, the idea that the Senate softball championship this year came down to teams from New Hampshire and Vermont is ironic.  You have to understand we are both northern New England States, and the baseball season is rather short in northern New England. Our children grew up with hockey sticks and skates and skis--and have to squeeze their baseball in between those light May snow showers and the September autumn chill that stings the hands of all children who make contact with ball and bat.  But there we were.  The Thundering Herd, the talented granite-like team of Senator Bob Smith's office had not been beaten all year. But neither had Vermont's Finest. Vermont's Finest, we say with no hint of modesty, is the name of our softball team.  The game went back and forth, only to be tied at the end of seven innings. Vermont scored two runs in the top of the eighth and shut the Herd down to seal the victory and the championship.  We were led by Montpelier's Maggie Whitney, who played second base but should be turning double plays with Cal Ripken, Jr. St. Albans' Jamie Horan has a black eye and a 500-foot home run to show for the series. Beebe Plain's Mike Lawson won rookie of the year honors while representing the smallest town in Vermont with glove and lumber.  And the list of contributors is endless. Big Ed Pagano, our oak tree at first; Tom ``Stonewall'' Cosgrove, anchoring third on a nearly broken ankle--an ankle, incidentally, we heard snap as he hit home plate. He would not allow it to break until he scored that run. Paul ``The Enforcer'' Johnson, who with aging star J.P. Dowd provided key hitting and veteran leadership. Norwich's Regen O'Malley and UVM grad Kara Calaca-Mottola were anchors behind the plate. And our own tank commander, that stalwart marine, Bill Delaney, had more than a few key hits.  Rookies David East and Narric Rome were vital to the team effort.  Vivian Cocca pitched as gutsy a series of games as we have seen in years.  Special honors have to go to our player-coach Brady Burgess, the solid, taciturn hunk of granite, a native of Lincoln, VT, who grew up dreaming of one day holding the Senate trophy aloft. I am sure this is a dream he had as a 3-year-old. He batted, fielded, and led his team to an impossible series of victories.  The loyal bench jockeys were Brattleboro's Jenny Backus, the purple-shorted Kevin ``Scooter'' McDonald, and the pride of St. Johnsbury, Zima-drinking Amy Rainone.  And the whole team was aided by their biggest fan and 5-year-old bat-boy, Walter Albee, who occasionally let his aging baby boomer, semi-yuppie father play.  We have to tip our caps to a few teams. First, our friendly rivals the Vermont Saps, from my good friend Jim Jeffords' office, who had what we call a ``rebuilding year'' this year but will no doubt be in the playoffs next year as they have been.  Second, our tough but honorable rivals from the McCain-McConnell team. It seems one of us is always knocking off the other to get to the mountain top.  Third, our friends on Senator Mikulski's team. In the past 5 years, we have each won the championship twice and will be glad to be keeping it in the family.  Finally, to the Thundering Herd from New Hampshire--that the two New England teams made it to the top of the heap is a testament to traditional Yankee values of team play, strength, and hard work. I say to my friends from New Hampshire, they will be first in the Nation when Dixville Notch goes to the polls at midnight. You almost made it first in the Nation in softball, and we expect to see you again next year.  Mr. President, we joke a little bit about this, but I think some of the most pleasant moments that I spent this year have been watching the softball team play--pleasant, because I know how hard the men and women who work for the Senate, who support all of us, do work, Republicans and Democrats alike. It is the men and women here who so make the Senate the place it is and can be. And they are the ones who make it possible for Americans to have hope in us.  There are 100 Senators. None of us would be able to do our job without people, ranging from those who guard the doors of this Chamber to those who report our proceedings, to those who handle the bills as they go through, and to all the others--those who make the electricity work, to those who help us write the legislation. I sometimes joke we are merely constitutional impediments to the staff. The truth of the matter is, we are, all of us, better--Republicans and Democrats alike--because of the selfless work of the men and women here in the Senate.  When I see them have a chance to play softball and enjoy themselves, I think how lucky we are to have them here. I have to tell all those in my office, I could not be more proud than I was watching them play in these championship games.  Mr. President, I see the distinguished Senator from Mississippi on the floor. When I started speaking there was nobody seeking recognition. He is the manager of this bill. Is he seeking recognition? If not, I have one more item to go to.  