President, over the years, I have spoken often about the problem of landmines. I have done so on this floor and as a member of the U.S. delegation to the United Nations, where I addressed the Disarmament Committee of the United Nations. I have been urging the U.S. Government and the United Nations to do whatever they can to stop the proliferation and use of antipersonnel landmines.  Sometimes when we think of landmines, we think of these huge floating mines in a shipping lane, but in fact, what we usually mean is a weapon about the size of a can of shoe polish. Antipersonnel landmines are tiny, and in some of them the only metal part is about the size of a thumb tack, so it is virtually impossible to detect. They cost about $2 or $3, and can be concealed beneath the surface of the ground. They are strewn by the thousands and they explode when somebody steps on them, no matter whether that person is a civilian or combatant. They kill an estimated 70 people each day. In the 2 hours since the Senate opened session this morning, at least eight people have been killed or maimed in the world from landmines. We are talking about 70 people each day, 26,000 people each year. There are an estimated 85 to 110 million landmines in 60 to 65 countries waiting to explode.  To give you some idea of this, parts of the Netherlands, and Denmark, are still too dangerous to go into, because of landmines left from World War II. But the vast majority of these hidden killers have been spread in just the past few years. In fact, even though the Russians followed our lead and declared that it would stop exporting antipersonnel landmines, that policy apparently does not apply to Chechnya. The Russians have been spreading landmines in Chechnya and doing it in such a way that nobody is ever going to know where they are--they are being dropped by the thousands out of airplanes--and there will be people, years from now, still dying and being maimed from them.  This January, at a press conference attended by representatives of some 40 countries, Secretary of State Christopher announced the release of the State Department's report ``Hidden Killers: The Global Landmine Crisis.'' [[Page S4694]]  It tells the gruesome story of the carnage caused by landmines.  Last year alone, on top of that 100 million or so unexploded landmines, we now have another several million that were laid, mostly in the former Yugoslavia. Estimates of the cost to locate and remove them are in the tens of billions of dollars. That does not even count the millions of mines that will be laid in the future.  Three years ago, almost nobody was paying attention to what has aptly been called a ``weapon of mass destruction in slow motion.'' Far more civilians have died and been injured by landmines than by nuclear weapons.  They are a weapon of mass destruction, they just claim their victims slowly. Then the Senate passed, by 100-0, an amendment I sponsored to halt U.S. exports of antipersonnel landmines. That is the only time I know of when the U.S. Senate acted with unanimity on an issue of this kind.  The purpose of that amendment was to focus attention of the landmine crisis and to urge other countries to join us in trying to solve it. Because the Senate acted with such unanimity--Republicans and Democrats, across the political spectrum-- and spurred on by the President of the United States, Secretary of State Christopher, and U.N. Ambassador Madeleine Albright, 18 other countries have declared export moratoria. Last September, at the United Nations, President Clinton announced a U.S. goal of the eventual elimination of antipersonnel landmines. On December 15, 1994, the U.N. General Assembly adopted a U.S. resolution calling on all countries to stop exports, and for further efforts toward the goal of the eventual elimination of antipersonnel landmines.  This is the first time, Mr. President, in recent history, since the banning of chemical weapons, that the world community has singled out a type of weapon for total elimination. It reflects a growing consensus that these weapons are unacceptable because they are indiscriminate, and because they are used routinely to terrorize civilian populations.  Imagine if the area from the Capitol Building to the Washington Monument were seeded with antipersonnel landmines, each one buried in the ground and waiting to explode. Who is going to go there? What if all of New England, or all of California, were strewn with mines? That is the reality for dozens of countries where millions of people go about their daily lives in fear of losing a leg or an arm, or their children's lives, from landmines.  I remember being in Uganda several years ago. From legislation of mine, we started a program to make artificial arms and legs for people who have lost limbs from landmines. My wife, who is a registered nurse, was with me and she saw a young boy, 10 or 12 years old, hopelessly crippled from polio. She could not believe that there was someone who was crippled from polio, when there are such low-cost vaccines.  It turned out that UNICEF had sent polio vaccine to Uganda, but that little boy had not got the vaccine. The medical personnel could not go to his part of Uganda, to his village, because of the landmines strewn around there. So in a country where to survive it is necessary to be able bodied, this little boy is hopelessly crippled.  Here is a photograph of a young boy in Mozambique, Mr. President. Look at him from the waist down. There is nothing there. Those are two wooden legs. Artificial legs in a very poor country, a growing boy who will outgrow them and probably did outgrow them months after this picture was taken.  Look at this Kurdish boy. Can anyone, as human beings, as parents, look at this and not be horrified? I think of my children, when they were this age. One badly damaged leg. An arm missing at the shoulder. The other leg torn off at the knee. And these children are considered the lucky ones because they were close enough to medical care to get help. They did not die, as many do, just from the loss of blood.  These are not combatants, but these are typical of what I have seen every place I have gone in the world where they have landmines. I am told that you cannot walk down the street of Phnom-Penh without seeing people an arm or leg gone. They say that in Cambodia they are clearing the landmines an arm and a leg at a time.  Not only do these weapons endanger civilians most of all--and that is why they are terrorist weapons--but they kill and maim American soldiers, whether in combat or peacekeeping missions. They threaten our Peace Corps volunteers and other Americans who are involved in humanitarian work.  Ken Rutherford of Colorado testified here last year. He told about being in Somalia driving in his jeep, while he was working for the International Rescue Committee. He heard the blast and the bang, and the next thing he knew he was sitting in shock, holding his foot in his hand trying to reattach it to his shattered leg. Of course, that could never be. Ken has courageously gone through painful surgery after surgery, to be able to walk again.  Hidden killers is an indictment of a weapon that even Civil War General Sherman, who is not remembered as a great humanitarian, called a violation of civilized warfare over a century ago. A violation of civilized warfare. That is when a tiny number of them were used. Now there are millions.  During the month of January, officials of governments, including the United States, met in Geneva to discuss proposals for strengthening the Conventional Weapons Convention, the one existing international agreement covering the use of landmines. Signed in 1980, the Senate finally ratified it last Friday.  I want to praise the distinguished majority leader, Senator Dole, the distinguished Democratic leader, Senator Daschle, and others, Senator Helms, Senator Pell, and Senator Lugar, for bringing the convention before the Senate for ratification.  The fact that the talks are going on in preparation for a U.N. conference next September to strengthen the 1980 convention is important by itself. The convention is universally regarded as woefully inadequate, and John Molander, the Swedish chairman of the talks, deserves credit for his efforts.  But these negotiations have shown how reluctant governments are to turn rhetoric into reality. I mentioned that Russia had said it had stopped exports of landmines. I praise President Yeltsin for that. I had talked to him about it personally, as I did Foreign Minister Kozyrev. Russia is obviously a country that has one of the largest stockpiles of landmines and they have the ability to manufacture them.  But now we see that they have no reluctance to sow them from airplanes over Chechnya. What army is being deterred by that? What army? It is the armies of old women and old men going out to find firewood to make a fire so they do not die from the cold. What army? It is an army of little children trying to go to school. Those are the armies that are terrified and maimed and killed by the indiscriminate use of landmines.  It is a blight, Mr. President, it is a blight. It is a moral blight. It is an evil blight. They should be treated the same way as we treat poison gas and chemical warfare. They do not distinguish between civilians and combatants. And yet we there are some who would have us give a Good Housekeeping seal of approval to a certain types of landmines.  Balderdash. What difference does it make? A landmine is a landmine. Cheap, deadly, long-life mines can blow the leg off the best trained, best equipped America soldier. If we treat some antipersonnel mines as acceptable, we run the risk of making the goal of eliminating them more elusive. Thousands of innocent people will continue to die. Every 15 minutes of every day of every year someone--usually an innocent civilian, often a child, or civilian--loses a leg or an arm.  Large areas of countries like Bosnia, Angola, and Cambodia have been contaminated with mines. The people cannot return to their fields to grow food, collect water, or firewood without risking their lives. Their children are being blown to pieces when they play outside or walk to school.  Refugees cannot go home. The Pakistani Ambassador to the United Nations tells me that over 1 million Afghan refugees are stranded in his country. Why? They cannot go home to Afghanistan; it is littered with landmines. And so they are in an area where they are devastating the forest, causing all kinds of problems and they [[Page S4695]]  are an enormous drain on Pakistan because they cannot go back to Afghanistan.  It is a global catastrophe. People everywhere are calling for an end to this madness. Three weeks ago the Belgium Parliament voted a 5-year total ban on antipersonnel mines. Mexico, Sweden, Ireland, Estonia, Colombia, and Cambodia have already announced a total ban.  Only a year or two ago that seemed inconceivable. The United States has led the way, and we should continue to lead. We are the only superpower, and we can afford to set an example. We do not need these weapons for our security. What army is going to march against the United States? We have the most secure borders in the world.  Mr. President, we are blessed as no democracy in history has been blessed, not only with the resources of our own land and the resource of our own people, but with the security we have as a nation. But let us think what happens when we set foot outside of our country, when we send humanitarian missions, or send the men and women from our military to help in peacekeeping. We find this terrorist weapon used against us. And we are only the tip of the iceberg, because it is a terrorist weapon used most often against those who are most defenseless.  We should treat antipersonnel landmines with the same stigma as poison gas and other indiscriminate, inhumane weapons. Only when the price of using them is to be branded a war criminal and am international pariah will this mayhem stop. There are always going to be Saddam Husseins, who would commit any outrage against their own people. But they will become more and more the exception.  Last week we did take the next step. We ratified the Conventional Weapons Convention, including the landmine protocol. The United States can now participate fully in the conference to amend the convention this September. I intend to go to that conference. I think it is an important opportunity to try to give the convention the teeth it currently lacks. Between now and then I will be speaking with the President of the United States, the Secretary of State, and others, about ways to strengthen it.  Mr. President, there are some weapons that are so inhumane that they do not belong on this Earth. They do not fit in our natural law right of self-preservation and defense. Even within that natural law, and even with our right of self-defense, we do not have the right to use any kind of weapon under any circumstances. Antipersonnel landmines are so inhumane that they fall into that category. They have ruined far too many innocent lives already.  Anyone who doubts that need only look at these photographs. See what happens. I started speaking 15 minutes ago. During that time this has happened to at least one person on this Earth since I started speaking, possibly another child like these. When the Senate recesses this noon--and we all in the security of our caucuses and the security of this beautiful building, the symbol of democracy, eat our lunches--a half-dozen more people will be killed and maimed somewhere in the world. And for what? Do these children threaten anybody? These children had a life hard enough already. Now they have one leg or one arm, or, as in this case, no legs. Can you imagine what their lives are like?  I am going to speak again as I have, many, many times before, Mr. President, about this subject. I will continue to speak about it. I applaud and compliment those of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats alike, who have joined me in this crusade.  We should tell the world that we will treat the use of antipersonnel landmines the same way that we treat poison gas and other indiscriminate, inhumane weapons, and ban them altogether.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  