President, the Senate began debate on unfunded mandates with the premise that the Federal Government should not indiscriminately force State and local governments to implement Federal statutes.  With this premise, S. 1 goes to the heart of the way Government works in the United States. It seeks to change the balance between the Federal and State governments. I happen to agree with the premise and welcome a discussion about the balance of Government.  I agree that the distant reach of Federal Government should not tell States how to take care of the special needs of their communities. I have been working for months to get the Federal Government to condone a dairy compact that several New England States have chosen for themselves.  I also agree that local problems are best solved by local solutions. Again in Vermont, we worked to find flexibility in Federal statutes to deal with a superfund site, inspection and maintenance standards for Clean Air Act provisions, and other Federal laws.  I believe it is not fair for Congress to make the rules and force state legislatures to levy the taxes to pay for them.  For these reasons, I supported the attempt to pass S. 993, the Community Regulatory Relief Act of 1994, by unanimous consent last October. I thought it was a fairly balanced bill that addressed these issues. S. 993 had a sunset provision and established a reasonable process for controlling unfunded mandates.   [[Page S1673]] Unfortunately, in addressing these issues and others, S. 1 leaves out a sunset provision and exposes Vermont to a host of new problems. While the Unfunded Mandate Reform Act returns some control to the State of Vermont, it also forces Vermont to abdicate some control to politicians in distant states that Vermonters do not elect.  It is difficult to speculate how this will affect prospective issues in the coming decades, but consider the implications if S. 1 had been law since the 1970s.  Vermont is downwind of one of the most industrially developed regions in our country. As I mentioned, I recognize that the cities of Chicago, Detroit, and Cleveland or the States of Illinois, Michigan, and Ohio should have the discretion to address air pollution for their residents. I do not believe that the mayors and governors of these governments have the discretion to send unlimited air pollution to Vermont.  If the elected officials of the Great Lake States had decided that controlling air pollution is not a priority, and the Clean Air Act had been scaled back or voided as it could be under S. 1, would that mean that Vermont is forced--automatically and without question--to bear the economic burdens of smog, acid rain and toxic pollutants?  These are not insignificant economic burdens. Acid rain in the Northeast has forced States to airdrop lime in lakes to restore the pH level. Air pollution was the target of years of research to determine the effects of acid deposition on forest health. Airborne pollutants have been demonstrated to stunt fish growth and alter riparian ecosystems. Many of these are direct costs to agencies, and ultimately to taxpayers, in Vermont.  Vermont would be hurt most by indirect costs. Without an enforceable Federal air pollution standard, would 8 million people still visit Vermont each year and contribute to our tourism economy? We cannot afford to subordinate our economic interests to the economic interests of another State.  Without an enforceable Federal air pollution standard, would the forests that cover three-quarters of my State support a healthy, sustainable forest products industry? The New York Times reported this summer that air pollution had tripled forest mortality in the east.  Would the sport fisheries draw anglers from the 70 million people who live within a day's drive of Vermont? Today, most of Vermont's fish can be eaten by humans without posing a health risk. Without a Federal mandate, we may not have this luxury.  How would acid rain affect the crops of Vermont farmers? This is a question that scientists can offer only speculation.  It seems to me that if there had been legislation prohibiting unfunded mandates when Congress addressed the Clean Air Act, Vermont would have had to assume responsibility for unfunded problems. It is a disturbing irony.  Consider another example. Vermont shares more than 200 miles of Lake Champlain shoreline with the State of New York. I recognize that the Governor and State legislature should have the flexibility to decide sewage effluence guidelines for their towns and municipalities in the State of New York. But New York does not have the right to pollute Vermont and the lake that forms our common border.  While I am concerned about Vermont, I should think other States would have concerns themselves. If Vermont filled in all the wetlands in the Connecticut River Basin, is Springfield, Hartford, and New Haven prepared to deal with floods? New York could pollute its backyard on Lake Champlain while Vermont pollutes its front yard in Long Island Sound--more than 70 percent of the fresh water in the sound comes from the Connecticut River. Does New Jersey worry about having New York's municipal hospital waste on their beaches? Do Chesapeake Bay States worry about how Pennsylvania affects their fisheries and recreation resource? Is anyone in Louisiana and Mississippi concerned about putting their States at the end of our Nation's potentially biggest sewer line? These two States could be affected by the whims of 20 upstream States.  We can let States choose their destiny only to the extent that it is their own. A State does not have the right to harm another State. To me this bill implies that States retain their right to pollute their neighbors.  States also have to assume responsibility for their own action. If a State chooses not to abide by toxic waste disposal, I will have a hard time voting to spend millions for an EPA cleanup. If the State refuses to implement a certain standard of environmental health, I will have a hard time watching extra Medicaid and Medicare dollars go to an unhealthy population in some other State.  I raise these few examples only to illustrate my point: This bill has implications that will hurt the State of Vermont, the people of Vermont, and businesses in Vermont. While I support the premise for this legislation, I do not support the proposed answer to the problem. A better bill exists that protects the rights of each of the 50 States.  I want to vote for a bill that restores a balance to the Federal and State governments, but ultimately I need to protect Vermont's interests from the competing interests of other States. This allows one State to harm another State. I cannot support that kind of measure.  