President, a few hours ago, our distinguished colleague from Georgia came to the floor and modified his amendment seeking to prohibit judicial review of matters that may arise under the so-called balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. In the brief opportunity I have to examine the language of his modification, I discern a number of serious problems with this amendment.  The first and most obvious point is that this amendment and the language it would add to our fundamental charter, the U.S. Constitution, is being considered without adequate study or debate. The language has not been the subject of hearings, testimony, examination, comment by constitutional experts, or comment by the Department of Justice. Nor is there any opportunity provided to obtain adequate study. This language was sprung on the Senate this morning without any opportunity for Senate debate before the scheduled votes on this amendment or the other pending amendments or the constitutional amendment, itself. This is not the way to go about considering constitutional language. The value of the month of debate in which we did engage is likely to be lost in this last-minute maneuvering. That, too, is a shame.  Second, the language of the amendment does not do that which its sponsor apparently intends. It does not remove the likelihood of judicial review of matters arising under this constitutional language. To the contrary, it is expressly limited to denying our Federal courts authority to decide cases. Thus, it leaves the courts of the 50 States free to determine what this constitutional amendment means and whether it is properly implemented.  It was a proponent of the constitutional amendment, the former Republican Attorney General, William P. Barr, who emphasized at the Judiciary Committee hearing back on January 5, 1995, a problem with the drafting of the constitutional amendment that ``holds some potential for mischief.'' That problem, according to Mr. Barr was the possibility that ``a State court could entertain a challenge to a Federal statute under the balanced budget amendment * * * [T]he State court in such a circumstance would have the authority to render a binding legal judgment.''  Mr. Barr went on to suggest that:       To avoid the possibility that a Federal statute or the      Federal budgetary process itself might be entangled in such a      State court challenge . . . Congress include a provision for      exclusive federal jurisdiction in any implementing      legislation enacted pursuant to section 6 of the amendment.      Such a provision should be carefully worded so as not to      create inadvertently any implied right of judicial review in      federal court and so as not to affect any of the otherwise      applicable limitations on justiciability.. . .  The Nunn amendment, as just modified this morning, would do the opposite of that which former Attorney General Barr recommended. Instead of restricting judicial review to the Federal courts, the Nunn amendment prohibits Federal court involvement by the prohibition against the extension of the ``judicial power of the United [[Page S3247]] States'' to cases and controversies arising under the constitutional amendment.  That serves to funnel court challenges to the myriad State courts. Ironically, Mr. Barr was worried that the State courts are not bound by the same justiciability doctrines, like standing and the political question doctrine, that act to restrain Federal courts from intervening in matters in which they are not competent and in which judicial determination is inappropriate. Through the Nunn amendment we will, in fact, be left with an even less perfect world in which the various State courts may choose to intervene in budgetary matters and in which the U.S. Supreme Court is literally powerless to stop them or even to resolve the conflict among their rulings and competing injunctions of spending and taxation.  Senator Nunn has been quite right to argue, as he has forcefully and repeatedly, that we should not leave these important matters to the vagaries of implementing legislation. Unfortunately, that is the circumstance in which we are left by the Nunn amendment as modified. I have little doubt that Congress will reinstate the authority of the U.S. Supreme Court in the wake of the implicit authorization of State courts left by the Nunn amendment. It is inconceivable that Congress would tolerate a situation where supreme courts of different States could interpret important provisions of the U.S. Constitution differently or in conflict.  My main point here is that those who believe that by adopting the Nunn amendment they have cut off judicial review are mistaken.  There are other problems with the language of the amendment that we are not able to explore before being required to vote on it or the constitutional amendment to which it is being attached. Whether once the Nunn language is adopted in the Constitution, it is even possible in mere implementing legislation to curtail the sole avenue to judicial review that we retain through the State courts by way of this amendment is a complex constitutional problem. Whether we can effectively strip the Supreme Court of authority to construe the Constitution of the United States is a much mooted legal question. Whether this amendment language can be interpreted to be consistent with the absolute language of article III and our 200-year history of respecting the Supreme Court and judicial power is another question that will require serious reflection that our circumstances in the Senate Chamber today do not allow.  Finally, I cannot support the Nunn amendment for additional reasons. One of the enduring guarantees of our Constitution is that its provision will be respected and will be enforced. To strip the Federal courts of the power to enforce a constitutional right is wrong in my view. Too many other countries around the world have embarked on such a path with too little result for us to follow. Rather our Constitution is one of positive rights that can and should be enforceable. If we start by seeking to limit Federal judicial power to protect rights under this amendment to the Constitution, what will it mean? What rights will we next ask the American people to cede? When will we be asked to sacrifice court protection of our first amendment guarantees or of the rights to equal protection or due process? This is not the way. We need only ask the people of Eastern Europe and elsewhere whose constitutions were filled with empty promises. I will not vote to degrade and deface our Constitution in this way.  