 For the past several years I have been working on legislation to improve piracy protection for health care information. This session Senator Bennett and I have joined with a number of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle to sponsor the Medical Record Confidentiality Act, S. 1360. Just this week Senator Kassebaum chaired a hearing on the bill before the Labor and Human Resources Committee. That hearing brought home the fears that many have of the computerization of our medical files. That development is already underway and is part of our motivation for seeking to enact strong and effective privacy protection.  Upon seeing the conference report, I find that the Republican-dominated conference has added to the bill provisions that require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to adopt standards and data elements to make information related to health care ``available to be exchanged electronically.'' This new section requiring the development and use of data networks is buried in section 8001 of title VIII of the budget reconciliation bill and proposes a new section 1858 to the Social Security Act.  I object to the inclusion of these provisions at this time in this manner in this bill on which debate is so drastically restricted and to which amendments are not in order. I do so because the provisions fail to provide strong and effective privacy protections.  Our colleagues from Missouri and Connecticut have introduced the Health Information Modernization and Security Act, S. 897, that seeks to legislate in this area of standardization of electronic data elements. When Senator Lieberman introduced that bill he acknowledge the need to establish standards not just for accomplishing electronic transactions, but also for the security and privacy of the medical information. Similarly Senator Bond, the other original sponsor, noted in his introductory remarks that ``most importantly, legislation is needed to protect the privacy and confidentiality of patient data.'' Their pending Senate bill references the need for privacy standards for health information to be established by regulation, and lists four principles to govern such standards.  The conference report includes no privacy protection. Privacy is never mentioned in the entire new proposed section. Business interests are protected. Trade secrets are expressly protected. The security, integrity, and confidentiality of the data is protected. But personal privacy is not. Indeed, although the section contains a definition for purposes of the section of ``individually identifiable MedicarePlus and medicare enrollment information,'' it is never employed in the section.  What is needed before we proceed to computerize personal health care information is the enactment of strong and effective privacy protections. That is what the Medical Records Confidentiality Act, S. 1360, is intended to provide--strong and effective protections with strong criminal, civil, and administrative sanctions against those who violate our medical privacy.  The privacy interests of the American people are being disserved. Those participating in Medicare are entitled to have their privacy protected, as are we all. I urge my colleagues from both parties and both Houses to join with me and reject this effort to proceed without the necessary protections for individual privacy. This is the wrong way to proceed.  