President, there are press reports that the administration is considering finally normalizing relations with Vietnam. I know that even after a quarter century this is an emotional and difficult issue, especially for the families of our POW/MIA's. But I believe strongly that it is time to take this step. The record is clear that closer relations will contribute to resolving the remaining discrepancy cases, and we have many other interests in Southeast Asia that will be furthered by closer relations with our former enemy.  The Vietnam war was a tragedy for both the United States and for Vietnam. More than 58,000 American soldiers and at least 2 million Vietnamese lost their lives. Countless others were injured. At least 60,000 Vietnamese are missing a leg or an arm, mostly from landmines. The war produced bitterness on both sides that poisoned relations between our countries for years.  But it is time to put that period behind us. Vietnam is slowly moving away from its Communist past. It has taken aggressive steps to promote private investment and permit a market economy to develop. It has invited representatives of human rights groups to discuss their concerns. The Vietnamese Government is even requiring its senior officials to study English as a way of accelerating its adoption of American-style practices.  There is no question that Vietnam still has a long way to go. We need to continue to challenge Vietnamese officials about reports of torture, arrests of dissidents, arbitrary detentions, political trials, and abuse of prisoners in forced labor camps. We need to press them to eliminate Vietnam's black-market trade in endangered species. And there are other issues.  But we need to recognize that the situation has changed. The United States shut the door to Vietnam after the war because its Government was engaging in practices abhorrent to Americans. There are still problems, but 25 years later almost half of Vietnam's citizens had not even been born by the war's end. The best way to encourage the Vietnamese Government to maintain progress toward openness and free markets is to expand dialog and contact, not refuse it.  Obtaining the fullest possible accounting of our POW's/MIA's is essential. I have provided funding in the foreign operations appropriations bill to help locate the remains of our POW/MIA's. But there is no longer any question that the Vietnamese Government is cooperating fully in this effort. They are working closely with our liaison office to continue the search for remains. Maintaining obstacles to full cooperation between our two Governments at this point will hinder, not reinforce progress, toward completion of this effort.  Mr. President, the cold war is over. We have no Soviet Union to hold in check any longer, and the largest remaining Communist power, China, which has a worse human rights record than Vietnam, has been granted MFN status.  It is time we recognized that times have changed in Vietnam, and in our own country, and we should move forward together. I urge the President to delay no longer in resuming full diplomatic relations with Vietnam.  