President, No. 10 on the list are the Coca-Cola Co. and the Pepsi-Cola Co.--in fact, all junk food companies are winners. They are winners under the Contract With America because the House bill eliminates nutritional requirements for school lunch.  I fought these fast food companies last year to make school lunches healthier. They did not want to allow us to make school lunches healthier for an obvious reason: their fast foods are not healthy foods. Congress reduced the saturated fat content in school meals and clarified that schools have a right to say no to junk food manufacturers.  Under the Contract With America, we throw out those healthy meals requirements. Soft drinks can be sold to schoolchildren during lunch instead of milk. Can anybody here who has been a parent, has raised children as I have, tell me that Coca-Cola is more nutritious for them than milk?  Candy companies, fast food giants, junk food purveyors--these are the big winners. Children and the producers of nutritious food in this country are the real losers.  Who is next in line among the top 10 winners? Why, the pesticide manufacturers. The chemical giants can make millions of dollars with the planned cuts in Federal regulations to protect the environment. I hope that families who drink water in rural areas of Vermont or Colorado or Georgia or any other State like the taste of alachlor, atrazine, and cyanazine.  Who else makes out? As a former prosecutor, I was very interested to see the contract provide benefits to criminals. The Republicans intend to stop the President's efforts to put 100,000 new police officers on the streets. They apparently do not want the President to get credit for anything. As one who spent almost a decade in law enforcement, I would like to see those cops on the streets. The Contract With America does not.  Then we have the four giant drug manufacturers that make infant formula for WIC. Man, did they make out like bandits. Let me tell you what is happening. We have Nestle, which is not even an American company. It is a Swiss company. Its annual sales in 1993 were $37 billion. The other companies also fared well: Bristol-Myers Squibb, $11 billion; American Home Products, $8 billion; Abbott Laboratories, $8 billion.   How did they make out like bandits under the contract? I will tell you how. We have the Women, Infants, and Children Program. Some years ago I called on the Federal Trade Commission to investigate price-fixing and bid-rigging regarding infant formula companies and the WIC Program. I drafted laws that required States to use competitive bidding when they buy formula under the WIC Program. I then worked to pass a law with bipartisan support in the U.S. Senate which imposes fines of up to $100 million for price-fixing by these giant drug companies.  Now, this one simple rule saves taxpayers who pay for the WIC Program $1.1 billion a year. It keeps 1.5 million pregnant women, infants, and children on WIC at no additional cost to taxpayers.  The people who tout the Contract With America--``We are profamily; we are prochildren''--they are probaloney because they voted to get rid of competitive bidding.  That gives a windfall of up to $1 billion to four giant drug companies. I would like to know whom they contributed to among those who voted for this change.  And what do they use to pay for this windfall in the profamily, prochild Contract With America? They take 1.5 million pregnant women and newborn children off WIC in order to give four drug companies that make $37 billion, $11 billion, $8 billion, and another $8 billion an additional windfall of $1 billion.  Can you imagine what would happen if we voted on this change in the daylight? The amendment would say ``give $1 billion in tax dollars to these four giant drug companies, but take 1.5 million women and children, most of whom do not vote, off of WIC.''  Maybe some of those who receive contributions from the drug companies still would want to vote that way, but they would be embarrassed to do it in the daytime.  The Democrats offered an amendment to restore the competitive bidding requirement. It lost. Taking millions of pregnant women and small children off the WIC Program is now part of the Contract With America.  The influence the large corporations have had on the contract was outlined in the Washington Post yesterday. The story tells of the influence of the Kellogg Co., Gerber's, Mead-Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, and Coca-Cola on the House legislative process. We in the Senate should not put corporate profits ahead of children.  Maybe we should look at another one on the top 10 list: locksmiths. Funding for day care is slashed under this so-called profamily, prochild Contract With America. It is a Contract on America because they slashed child day care funding. Tens of thousands of low-income mothers who want to work, who want to get off welfare, may have to let their children stay home by themselves. Many of them are going to be latchkey children who have to let themselves in after grade school. Some are going to be locked-in children, whose parents, when they go off to work, have to lock them in. They have to lock them in the house because the parents cannot afford to miss work.  Then look at the next big winners, the water and air polluters, and unsanitary meat and poultry packers. Thousands of consumers get ill each year from contaminated foods. In Washington State, several died from eating hamburgers that were tainted. We have the technology to prevent needless death. But the Contract With America would stall or stop the regulations that would bring that about.  We ought to think about whether we want our children or our grandchildren to eat contaminated hamburger before we stand up and celebrate how we passed the Contract With America. I ask Americans to read the small type, read the small print. And those who want to vote for this, let them stand up, the next time a child dies from a contaminated hamburger, let them stand up and say, ``Tough luck; but am I not proud I voted for that.''  Of course, you are not going to see that.  The children do not vote. They do not send money to PAC's. They do not contribute.  Then we have large corporations next on the list. Our working families are hurt by the contract. Large profitable corporations make out like bandits. They are going to get $35 billion over the next 10 years because the contract eliminates the alternative minimum tax. The average Vermont family is going to get very little tax relief under the contract, and they will lose more than they gain. They are going to lose all these things I talked about--school lunches and child care.  The wealthiest 12 percent of Americans, do they make out. Over half of the benefits of the tax breaks in the Contract With America go to the wealthiest 12 percent of Americans--those earning over $100,000 a year. Those earning over $200,000 a year will get over $11,000 in tax cuts. Families earning between $10,000 and $20,000 will get $90. Big deal.  Lawyers are next. I should be happy. I am a lawyer. But I am not happy that lawyers are going to make a fortune exploiting all the environmental, tax, and worker protection loopholes in the contract. The contract creates 101 new ways for lawyers to delay food safety and environmental regulations.  And now here's the big prize--the No. 1 winner under the Contract With America--is anybody making over $349,000 a year. They ought to be ready to send their checks to every wealthy PAC in this country because they make a killing. They get an average tax break of $20,362.  In addition, these great patriots who are out there waving the American flag saying, ``Look at our Contract With America,'' do you know what they did? Do you know what their sense of patriotism is? They tell a bunch of billionaires in this country that if you make a billion dollars here in America under our laws and under the advantages of [[Page S5170]] being an American, if you just go out and renounce your citizenship, we will give you 3.9 billion dollars' worth of tax writeoffs.  Can you imagine anything more obscene or antipatriotic? They stand up there and say, as they wave our flag, ``If you renounce your citizenship, Mr. Billionaire, we will give you under the table a few billion of American tax dollars.''  They are about as patriotic as they were serious about term limits. The second they thought the bill might pass and they saw that term limits would apply to them, immediately they backed away.  They were all out there calling for term limits. They said, ``We want term limits. I have been here 32 years, saying that we need term limits. I have been here 26 years, saying that we need term limits. I cannot understand why we don't get term limits. For decades I have been arguing we should have term limits.'' Somebody said, ``Here. We have enough votes to apply it to your next election, immediately, to you.'' ``Wait a minute. I do not mean term limits for me. I am pretty good. It is for the next guy.'' It is the same here with this patriotism.  We are giving these tax entitlements to the rich and to large corporations by cutting aid to children and to low-income students who want to stay in college, and by cutting the National Service Program, which provides scholarships. Children do not vote, and they have been targeted for the worst cuts.  Who are the top 10 losers under the Contract With America? They are children. These are the people who lose: Newborn children, children who drink tap water which will more likely be contaminated, children who breathe air which will more likely be polluted, children who need child care, children with mothers who work, children whose fathers are at work, children who go to school, children who like hamburgers, children who are not rich, children who eat, period. Children are the losers. The contract is a contract not with America but against children.  Children who eat--the contract takes away food from hundreds of thousands of infants, homeless children and schoolchildren.  Children who are not rich--they are the ones who are going to pay for the tax breaks for the rich.  Children who eat hamburgers are going to see the regulations on salmonella- or E. coli-free food taken away.  Children who go to school will see their funding for educational programs cut, funding for the Learn and Serve Program, funding for AmeriCorps scholarships all cut.  Children whose fathers work, if they lose their jobs, the safety net is gone.  Children with mothers who work, funding for child care is gone.  Children who need child care, their healthy food at child care is gone.  Clean air protection is gone.  Clean tap water, that is gone.  Newborn children--what I would say one more time is probably one of the most egregious things in the Contract With America is they take away the requirement that the infant formula manufacturers have to be involved in competitive bidding. Some $1.1 billion is given to four giant drug companies. I expect they are going to buy the tables at the next big fundraiser which those who voted for that have. But as we give them $1 billion, we also say to a million and a half pregnant women, infants, and children, ``Sorry. We cannot afford to do anything for you. But then, heck, you don't vote. You don't contribute, so it is OK.''  I yield the floor.  