President, today the Senate began debate on overhauling how the Federal Government imposes regulatory regulations. This legislation is the first of several bills the Senate may consider that have far-reaching implications for every policy that we consider on the floor.  In the last 20 years, this Congress has passed many laws to protect the public health and safety. The regulations to implement these laws were largely written by Presidents Ford, Reagan, and Bush.  The theory behind this legislation is that regulators have been running amok.  If that is so, they have been running very slowly. Today, every car ad brags about airbags, but it took 20 years to get the regulations in place to protect us from accidents.  In 1987, I started trying to get meat inspection reformed. It has taken 8 years to get those regulations issued--they are not final--even though they will save 4,000 lives a year.  The Senate Judiciary Committee will soon consider a bill that will delay them at least 2 years more.  This proposed legislation is not an antidote to regulators run amok. It is regulatory reform run amok. I believe in regulatory reform. The Laxalt-Leahy regulatory reform bill passed the Senate unanimously in 1982--13 years ago.  I believe that first, Congress should decide what responsibility we have to avoid harming our neighbors--what values it wants to protect. Then the agencies should use cost-benefit analysis--and whatever other tools are available to make the best decision.  This bill takes a fundamentally different approach to regulatory reform.  This bill is hypocritical.  Under this legislation USDA will continue to give a ``grade A'' label to unsafe meat.  This bill is so unworkable that the corporate lawyers insist on being exempted from it. Permits to put a product on the market are exempt from all reform. To protect the public, however, you have to do a judicially reviewable, peer reviewed, cost-benefit analysis and a peer reviewed, judicially reviewable, risk assessment.  This bill is unworkable. My regulatory reform bill used cost-benefit analysis as a tool to make sure regulation is done right. This bill takes a useful tool, and turns it into a rigid rule.  My bill made sure that rules were based on a cost-benefit analysis. This bill is a recipe for paralysis.  Instead of making sure there are good decisions, it makes sure that there will be no decisions.  This bill is antidemocratic. Even the Reagan Department of Justice rejected putting the courts in charge of cost-benefit analysis because it was antidemocratic.  An elite group of economists using formulas we do not understand, and values we do not share, will veto laws passed by Congress designed to protect the health and safety of the American people.  Perhaps this legislation can be fixed. If not, President Clinton should veto it.  