President, America knows that drilling the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to balance the budget is wrong. Common sense and a basic concern for the environment is all you need to come to this conclusion. Now all we have to do is convince the Senate of the right thing to do. I am disappointed at the difficulty of what should be a simple task.  The refuge is one of a kind--in fact, it is the last of its kind. The Alaska National Wildlife Refuge is the only place we have left that resembles the kind of land that gave birth to our Nation centuries ago.  I wonder how many people realize that outside this chamber, 500 years ago, the first Americans could hunt bison and elk in the open forests on the banks of the Potomac. I wonder how many people remember that outside this building passenger pigeons used to roost in American chestnut trees, sometimes in flocks of thousands.  Today the bison and elk are gone, the passenger pigeon is extinct, and the American chestnut has been wiped out in this region by an exotic disease. The first Americans would not recognize this place.  Now we turn to a remote corner of our country, the last expanse of true wildness left, and Congress is saying ``we need that too--to balance the budget.''  To me it takes only a simple sense of decency, respect and history to know that drilling ANWR is the wrong thing to do, but there are many other reasons that support the American public's opposition to this provision.  First of all, drilling for oil in Alaska is just a tiny drop in the deficit bucket. The leasing revenues will contribute only one-fifth of 1 percent of the budget gap, provided the residents of Alaska do not sue for a 90 percent share of the royalties. Even the $1.3 billion revenue estimate is flawed because it assumes we will make about $30 a barrel when the rest of the world is actually paying only $20 a barrel. Add to that the fact that the production estimates are outdated, and it is clear that we are selling the orchard for an apple.  Second, we should ask ourselves why the residents of the other 49 States should chip in to support Alaska's welfare state. Alaska is a State that collects no income tax, collects no sales tax, pays each man, woman and child almost $1,000 a year just for being there, has $18 billion in the bank, and enjoys the highest Federal spending per capita. And now the State has come to Congress to ask the American people to dedicate another $1.3 billion to support their welfare state.  Third, we have to look at the huge environmental cost of lacing the arctic plain with truck roads, gravel drill pads, and pipelines. Some argue that Prudhoe Bay proves that drilling can be done in an environmentally sound way. But what is so environmentally benign about 500 oil spills a year, air pollution that exceeds the total emissions of six States, pushing millions of gallons through a rapidly deteriorating pipeline, and littering 9,402 acres of arctic tundra with oil rigs and roads? Prudhoe Bay does not have a track record to emulate.  The Senate should also consider the impact of oil wells on wildlife and people that use the refuge. The coastal plain is the cradle of life for birds that migrate from four different continents, 160,000 caribou that migrate between nations, polar bears, musk ox, grizzly bears, and the Gwich'in Indians. The global significance of the resource is recognized in international agreements including the 1987 Canada-United States Agreement on the Conservation of the Porcupine Caribou Herd and the Agreement on the Conservation of Polar Bears. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is, after all, supposed to be refuge for wildlife, not a refuge for desperate Senators looking to fund a tax cut.  Fifth, we should recognize the parody of drilling for 90 days worth of oil to reduce our dependence on oil. It is like curing an alcoholic by serving him vodka instead of his usual whiskey. National security is not served by simply defering our dependence on foreign oil for a mere 90 days. If this same Congress had funded the President's budget for energy conservation and efficiency and refused to gut efficiency standards with environmental riders we would have saved more oil than could be drilled in ANWR. Energy conservation is not a quick fix, it sticks with us for good.  Sixth, I object to the backdoor process to that is being used to pass a law that could not survive the light of day. Drilling for oil in the Alaska Wildlife Refuge has been a controversial issue for almost 10 years. This is not a reason to sneak it into the budget resolution through a legislative trick.  Finally, the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge is an American treasure that does not belong to us. It is the heritage of our country. Just as Vermonters recognize a responsibility to pass on a clean Lake Champlain, our best trout streams, and the Green Mountain National Forest to future generations, Vermonters recognize a responsibility to pass on North America's Arctic plain to future generations.  Despite overwhelming public oppostion, this bill trades an American treasure for $1.3 billion, a mere trinket in a trillion dollar package. We can not let this Congress drill ANWR to balance the budget. I urge bi-partisan support of this amendment.  