President, I commend the Democratic leader for his substitute line-item veto amendment. It strikes the worst features of Senator McCain's version of a line-item veto and the majority leader's separate enrollment version. Instead, it adds the best features of Senator Domenici's and Senator Exon's original version of a line-item veto.  The Daschle amendment restores majority rule to the line-item veto process. Under this amendment, the President would have 20 days after signing an appropriations bill or a revenue bill to send Congress a draft bill cancelling any line item. Congress then would have 10 days to vote on the rescissions bill.  If Congress passes the bill by a simple majority and it is signed by the President, all savings must go to reducing the deficit.  This procedure honors the intent of our Founders by embracing the fundamental principle of majority rule.  By contrast, the McCain bill and the Dole substitute would undermine this fundamental principle by imposing a three-fifths supermajority vote in both houses to overturn a line-item veto.  Our Founders rejected such supermajority voting requirements on matters within Congress' purview.  James Madison condemned supermajority requirements in Federalist Paper No. 58. Madison warned that:       In all cases where justice or the general good might      require new laws to be passed, or active measures to be      pursued, the fundamental principle of free government would      be reversed. It would be no longer the majority that would      rule: the power would be transferred to the minority.  Unfortunately, the McCain bill and the Dole substitute would do exactly what Madison warned against--it would transfer power to a minority in either the House or Senate.  Moreover, supermajority requirements hurt small States, like Vermont, by upping the ante to take on the President.  No matter how worthy a project, it will be difficult for States with only a few Members to overcome a line-item veto.  Under Senator McCain's proposal and Senator Dole's substitute, it would require Members from small States to convince two-thirds of Members in each House to override the President's veto for the sake of a project in another Member's district.  With Vermont having only one Representative in the House, why would other Members risk the President's wrath to help us with a project vetoed by the President?  The Daschle amendment keeps the power of the purse with Congress--where it belongs.  As the ranking member of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee, I am frequently called upon to travel abroad. When I visit emerging democracies, one of the universal praises I hear about our system of checks and balances is the power to spend residing in the legislative branch, not the executive.  Many officials from new democracies believe that a legislature's power over the purse is the best weapon to fight the tyranny of a dictatorship.  The McCain line-item veto and the Dole substitute hand over the spending purse strings to the President.  The President would have no burden of persuasion while a Member would have the Herculean task of convincing two-thirds of his or her colleagues in both Houses to care about the vetoed project. It is truly a task for Hercules to override a veto. Just look at the record--of the 2,513 Presidential vetoes in our history, Congress has been able to override only 104 times.  The McCain and Dole supermajority veto procedures would fundamentally change the balance of powers between the two branches and result in a massive shift of power to the executive branch from the legislative branch.  The Daschle amendment, on the other hand, maintains the constitutional balance between the executive and legislative branches.  For a Presidential rescission to become effective, both Houses of Congress must approve it within 10 days. The burden is on the President to convince a simple majority in both the House and Senate to agree to his line-item veto. The President is guaranteed a vote, and Congress is forced to consider the rescission.  If the President cannot convince a majority of us that a targeted project is unnecessary and frivolous, then his veto should fail.  Like Senator Domenici's original version, this substitute line-item veto will sunset at the end of the 1998 fiscal year. I strongly support a sunset provision since any line-item veto legislation is like walking on Mars--it has never been done before.  Let us try it out for a few years and see what happens.  Senator Daschle has improved the original Domenici-Exon bill. The Daschle substitute protects Social Security--America's true contract with its senior citizens. The Daschle amendment exempts the administrative expenses of Social Security from a line-item veto.  But the most significant feature of the Daschle amendment is that it closes a multi-billion-dollar loophole in the McCain bill and Dole substitute.  The McCain bill ignores tax break loopholes. And the Dole substitute has such a convoluted definition of tax breaks that no one knows which tax loopholes the President may strike.  The Daschle substitute fixes these flaws by giving the President clear authority to target for repeal all wasteful tax benefits in revenue bills.  I find it ironic that the proponents of the McCain bill and now the Dole substitute--who claim that their line-item veto is the only version that will effectively cut pork-barrel programs--are afraid to give the President the ability to cut pork-barrel tax breaks too. Why should the President be given the power to veto spending for school lunches and not for tax deductions claimed by businessmen for three-martini lunches?  Whether pork-barrel spending is in a program or in a tax break, it is still wasteful. To paraphrase Gertrude Stein: A pork barrel is a pork barrel is a pork barrel.  Over the years, big business and other special interests have lobbied hard for tax subsidies for specific industries. And, unfortunately, they have been successful on occassion.  These wasteful special interest tax subsidies do not increase economic growth. To the contrary, wasteful special interest tax subsidies only add to our deficit, which puts a drag on our whole economy.  Like an old-fashioned pork sausage, it is amazing what is in our Internal Revenue Code. Let me give you an example of the corporate pork in our tax laws today.  Our tax laws allow U.S. firms to delay paying taxes on income earned by their foreign subsidiaries until the profit is transferred to the United States. Many U.S. multi-national corporations naturally drag their feet when transferring profits back to their corporate headquarters to take advantage of this special tax break.  But the millions of small business owners--who make up over 95 percent of businesses in my home State of Vermont--do not have the luxury of paying their taxes later by parking profits in a foreign subsidiary. The bipartisan Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that the U.S. Treasury will lose close to $6 billion from this tax loophole over the next 5 years.  The Progressive Policy Institute, a middle-of-the-road think tank, along with the liberal Center On Budget And Policy Priorities and the conservative Cato Institute, recently identified 31 tax subsidies that will cost U.S. taxpayers almost $102 billion over the next 5 years. A few of these subsidies have merit, but many more are just plain wasteful.  Robert Shapiro, the author of the report, concluded that ``tax subsidies, like their counterparts on the spending side, reduce economic efficiency.* * *'' Budget experts on the right, center and left all agree that pork-barrel tax loopholes are just as wasteful as pork-barrel programs.  Not only does the Daschle amendment vastly improve the McCain bill [[Page S4427]]  and Dole substitute, but it also would clear up a murky area in the line-item veto bill that recently passed the House. In the House passed version, H.R. 2, the President has authority to veto targeted tax benefits, which are defined as providing a Federal tax deduction, credit or concession to 100 or fewer beneficiaries.  Is this definition of targeted tax benefits a practical joke by our House colleagues? I can think of only a handful of tax breaks that fit into this very narrow definition.  In fact,the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office agreed that defining targeted tax breaks in such a limiting manner would produce laughable savings.  The CBO, in typical understatement, said that repealing a tax break that benfits fewer than 100 people is unlikely to generate large savings.  This extremely limited definition would protect almost all wasteful tax loopholes and invite tax evasion.  Any accountant or lawyer worth his or her high-priced fee will be able to find more than 100 clients who can benefit from a tax loophole. If more than 100 taxpayers can figure out a way to shelter their income in a tax loophole, the President would not be able to touch it.  The bigger the loophole in terms of the number of people who can take advantage of it, the safer it is from being cut.  The Daschle amendment gives the President real authority to go after wasteful tax breaks. Under the Daschle substitute, every wasteful tax break would get the same Presidential scrutiny as every wasteful program.  I believe the Daschle amendment embraces the best parts of various versions of a line-item veto. It honors majority rule.  It keeps the power of the purse with Congress while still giving the President new authority to target wasteful spending. It protects Social Security. And it gives the President authority to target all future tax loopholes for repeal.  The Daschle line-item veto substitute is a reasonable and comprehensive measure. I urge my colleagues to adopt it.  