President, I commend the senior Senator from Oregon, my good friend, for his statement. I, too, have a number of serious concerns and questions about the majority leader's substitute line-item veto amendment, the Separate Enrollment and Item Veto Act of 1995.  I have the same question as has just been stated here on the floor about the constitutional aspects of it, whether it passes constitutional muster. The presentment clause of the Constitution is very clear. The distinguished Senator from Oregon read it into the Record, but it is clause 2 of article I section 7. It says:       Every Bill which shall have passed the House of      Representatives and the Senate shall, before it become a Law,      be presented to the President of the United States; if he      approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it with      his Objections to that House in which it shall have      originated, who shall enter the Objections at large on their      Journal and proceed to reconsider it.  Walter Dellinger, the very well respected constitutional scholar, and Assistant Attorney General, says:       This language mandates a fairly straightforward procedure.      After both Houses of Congress have passed a ``Bill'' they      must present it to the President, who can either ``approve''      . . . it . . . or ``not . . . .'' In either event, the bill      is treated as a single unit; nothing in the text permits the      President to approve and sign one portion while disapproving      and returning another portion.  I might ask, Madam President, if we have something that raises on its face such a constitutional issue, where is the congressional testimony that explains why this legislative separate enrollment version of a line-item veto is constitutional? I am a member of the Judiciary Committee, as is the distinguished Presiding Officer. There has not been a word of testimony in our committee on that. I think if we adopted something like this, Congress will spend too much time in the court trying to defend separate enrollments, instead of concentrating on reducing the deficit.  Even if it was not unconstitutional, which I am convinced it is, it is, I suspect, unworkable. The enrollment clerk would have to enroll each item in an appropriations or revenue measure as a separate bill. Then the President can either veto or sign it. But this would require the enrollment clerk to enroll hundreds, if not thousands, of separate bills. I thought the new majority wanted to reduce Government paperwork.  (