President, I have worked for many years with Senator Pryor on trying to keep prescription drugs affordable for Americans. High prices for prescription drugs force some elderly and low-income Vermonters to choose between buying food or fuel for heat and paying for their medication.  In this continuing effort, I am very pleased to join Senator Pryor as a cosponsor of S. 1277, the Prescription Drug Equity Act of 1995. This bill corrects a loophole in the GATT Treaty that gives a handful of drug companies as much as a $6 billion windfall at the expense of seniors, the poor and all consumers. This bill would allow generic drug companies to sell some of the world's most frequently prescribed drugs at half the cost that they are available at today.  Here is an opportunity for the Congress to lower out-of-pocket health care costs. It is an opportunity that comes at a time when Congress is discussing multibillion dollar cuts in Medicare and Medicaid that will increase health care costs for seniors and low-income Americans.  Today, seniors who rely on Medicare for their health insurance do not receive assistance for the cost of prescription drugs. Even if a senior also has private health insurance, there is no guarantee that it will cover prescription drug bills. Seniors on fixed incomes depend on money saving generic drugs.  Seniors need the savings on prescription drugs now more than ever. So do the over 40 million Americans with no health insurance whatsoever.  Prescription drugs and the research devoted to developing new drugs are vital to meet the health care needs of many Americans. While the manufacturers that take risks and invest in the development of new drugs have a right to a return on their research investment, we must not allow prohibitive costs to jeopardize consumer access to these drugs. There must be a balance.  If the GATT loophole is closed, Medicaid will save $150 million over 5 years and consumers will save up to $2 billion. In my home State of Vermont alone, the savings in Medicaid are estimated to be almost $1 million. And, Vermont consumers are expected to save as much as $6.8 million in prescription drug costs.  Opponents of the Pryor legislation argue that it will prevent drug companies from conducting research and development on new drugs. Under the Pryor legislation, however, these companies still would have had more than the full 17 year protection they expected to have when they introduced their products, to gain a return on their research investment. In addition, drug companies will continue to receive royalties from the generic companies who market competing prescription drug products.  Drug firms pocket almost $6 million each day that the GATT loophole is in effect. These companies will go to no end to protect their windfall. They have launched a multimillion dollar effort to lobby Congress. They even went as far as misrepresenting a statement by former Surgeon General, C. Everett Koop, by portraying him as a strong supporter of their billion dollar windfall.  We in Congress have a responsibility to protect consumers against these drug company giants. I urge my colleagues to support the Prescription Drug Equity Act of 1995 and pass this legislation as soon as possible.  