President, I rise along with my good friend from Vermont, Senator Jeffords, and in fact the entire New England delegation. We rise to introduce a resolution to approve the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact.  The compact is an agreement among the six New England States that has been approved by each of our States' legislatures. It needs approval, under the Constitution, of the Congress to take effect. Its intent is simple. It would rationalize the pricing of fluid milk in the New England States so our farmers can receive a fair price and so the consumers themselves can play a role in stabilizing these milk prices.  In fact, the roots of this compact are in the country's strong tradition of federalism. On January 27, 1995, this body overwhelmingly approved the unfunded mandates bill, which is currently in the House-Senate conference committee.  Now, throughout that debate, I heard Senator after Senator talk about giving more power back to our States. They said the Federal Government should not dictate to the States what they are supposed to do without providing the money. They said the States should have constraints lifted so they could take care of their own concerns.  The New England States are concerned about the dairy farmers in our area. They want to take more control of pricing fluid milk as a minimum price that is now set by a very complicated system of Federal milk marketing orders.  So, here is a chance for the Senate to show its support of the federalist principles it espoused in the unfunded mandates bill. This measure was approved last year by the Senate Judiciary Committee with the strong support of Senator Kennedy, and Senator Cohen, but it ended in a filibuster at the end of last year.  All we are saying from New England, is that we have gotten the Governors together, Republicans and Democrats; the Senators together, Republicans and Democrats; legislatures made up of Republicans and Democrats all came together to agree on a procedure that affects only the New England States in the pricing and sale of fluid milk. We have done all this. We now come, as the Constitution requires, to the Congress to ask for the imprimatur of the Congress, the blessing of the Congress. We can go forward and handle our own affairs without the Federal Government telling us what to do.  The New England States want to improve the way milk is priced and the compact is the way to do it. Farmers are struggling as they receive prices at or below their cost of production. While farmers struggle with low prices, the consumers have not seen any benefit. While farm prices have declined 5 to 10 percent for the last decade, retail milk prices have increased nearly 30 percent. A recent USDA study shows that stable prices will help consumers.  The compact would create a commission made up of both farmers and consumers that would have the authority to adjust and stabilize fluid milk prices. The commission could raise prices so farmers receive a fair return for their work, but there are also strong consumer safeguards. Consumers are represented from each State and it would take four of the six New England States to approve any price increase. Any State could drop out of the compact after 1 year.  The compact is designed to work in conjunction with the New England Federal milk marketing order. The compact would work just as the Federal order does with all farmers supplying the market benefitting from any price increase. Milk would move into and out of the region just as it does now.  This compact is a model of cooperation--it is a partnership between the States and the Federal Government, between dairy cooperatives and milk processors and most importantly, between farmers and consumers.  In addition to the New England Governors Association, the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, the National Grange, the National Farmers Organization, and dairy cooperatives from many regions in the country support this compact.  The New England States are asking for nothing from this body nor the Federal treasury--just the opportunity to act in concert for their common good. In the spirit of federalism I urge my colleagues to give this opportunity to the New England States and approve this compact. 