President, I thank my good friend from North Dakota. I was at another hearing, and I heard this debate was proceeding on the floor. I am concerned that we may end up in a situation with this conference where, among other things, the Senate does not even have Members of the Judiciary Committee on the conference.  The distinguished senior Senator from South Carolina, Senator Thurmond, who chairs the Antitrust Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, and I have written to the majority and minority leaders on this legislation asking that we be named, or people from our subcommittee on antitrust be named to the conference. I believe the House has named a number of Judiciary Committee members to their conference. Yet, we do not have anybody from the Judiciary Committee here.  There are significant antitrust issues. There are significant consumer issues. There are significant competitive issues, all of which have been looked at, explored and discussed by the Judiciary Committee. Yet, Senate Judiciary members will have no input in the conference, and we all know the bill is going to be written in conference.  When we remove competitive incentives, we all know what happens. Take a look at the cable industry. If you are fortunate enough to get cable television in Fairfax County, VA, you are faced with using antiquated equipment in the form of a set-top box that is kept on only because the consumers have to pay a monthly fee to use it even though the stuff would be in the trash bin otherwise. You pay a significant amount of money. But they can do that. They can give you an inferior product. They can give you out-of-date equipment. They can charge you for the use of outdated equipment because the cable company has a monopoly.  We are going to see some of the same things happen here without competition and without the consumer being considered in any way, shape or manner.  This bothers me a great, great deal, and it should bother all Senators, as it does Senator Thurmond and myself. This is not a conservative issue. Obviously, the two of us join on this question. But, rather, it is a basic, good-sense consumer issue. If you end up getting gouged in your cost, the people gouged will be both Republicans and Democrats and Independents. The people gouged will be in the North, the South, the East, and the West. One thing they will all share in common may not be a political ideology, but it will be the pain they will feel in their pocketbooks.  Yesterday, the House appointed 34 conferees to this conference. Of those 34, 14 of them came from the House Judiciary Committee. We do not see--as yet anyway--any Senate Judiciary conferees at all. They have 14. We do not even see any coming from the Senate Judiciary Committee.  As I said, earlier, Senator Thurmond and I sent a letter to the chairman and the ranking members of the Commerce Committee making clear our view that you should have Senate Judiciary Committee members. We would help with the conference to assure that those issues relating to antitrust and competition are resolved in a principled manner, good both for American business and American consumers.  If anyone would look at the hearings that Senator Thurmond and I and other members of our subcommittee have held on telecommunications legislation, they would see stressed the need for telecommunications reform both for business and for consumers.  Certainly, it does not take any special knowledge to know how critical telecommunications is to the economic health of our country, or to the education of our children, or to the delivery of health care services to our citizens, or to the overall quality of life in this country. In fact, the explosion of all these new technologies in telecommunications has fueled many of our newest innovations.  In the way I run my office--I know the distinguished Presiding Officer does the same--we do virtually everything in telecommunications by our computers. Just as frequently as we see memos or letters on paper, we also see electronic messages sent by computers. I stay connected by computer and telephone at home in the Washington area, in my home in Vermont, and at my office here at the Capitol. It is a given. When I get to Vermont this weekend, I will in effect be able to bring my office and my files, my filing cabinets, my staff, and everything else with me with a laptop computer. More and more of us do that. More and more of us are more efficient doing that.  But when we have legislation like this, we want to make sure that it expands those abilities and not contract them. Our challenge is to keep pace with the changes in the marketplace. But, if in keeping pace with them you pass legislation that stifles the growth of the industry, that quashes the opportunity presented by rapidly expanding telecommunications technology, then we have done a disservice to the country. We have done a disservice to consumers. We have done a disservice to business. We have done a disservice to the competitive edge of our Nation as we go into the next century.  So we have to make sure that our laws governing our telecommunications industries provide for future growth but to the benefit of consumers. We have to make sure that the promise of this legislation to open up competition in telecommunications is fulfilled because that is the bottom-line purpose of this legislation: to open up competition in telecommunications. If we do it wrong, we will not see new competition. We will see competition stifled. We will not see new innovation. We will see innovation stifled. We will not see consumers benefited. We will see consumers harmed. We will not see a cutting-edge industry having a chance to expand, but rather see the cutting-edge industry facing a dead end.  We have to understand that the Senate telecommunications bill is significantly different from the one passed by the House. This conference is going to be one of the most complicated, complex and difficult ones we have had in years. The conference is going to have to pick and choose between provisions in the two bills, provisions that are in many cases unreconcilable. They are not provisions like in an appropriations bill where maybe we can just split the difference. It is a case that you are either going to have to craft an entirely new provision or drop one or the other.  I think that given that situation it would be helpful to have input of Members with expert knowledge in antitrust issues. In fact, on the modification of final judgment, the MFJ, the House, to their credit, realizes that and has put Judiciary Committee members on the conference. The Senate has yet to do it.  In fact, the administration now threatens to veto this legislation for a number of reasons, including the need for a stronger test for Bell company entry into the long-distance business and also a more meaningful role for the Justice Department.  I also share the administration's concern about the legislation not only taking the lid off but also promoting increased cable rates. I mean, we have already lived through a period of skyrocketing cable rates. Congress took action to address the problem of cable rate increases when we passed the 1992 Cable Act over a Presidential veto. Let us not go backward in time, but go forward with responsible telecommunications reform.  Again, I use Fairfax County as an example. Here you see rates go up for antiquated equipment. Rates go up, we are told, for all these channels we get, most of which I doubt if anybody including the cable system ever watch. But if at 3 o'clock in the morning, you are moved with a great desire to buy 10 pounds of zircons, you have at least five channels that you are paying for to know where you can buy those 10 pounds of zircons. Or, if you need to have your soul saved there are at least 10 different people at any given time who will tell you that your soul will be saved but only if you send the money to them. I guess they give you a plaque saying you have been saved. None of the 10 says why the other 9 should not get the money and why you get less soul salvation from them.  Well, that is fine, but I just wonder whether there might be a little more filtering, a little more selectivity, if there was competition here. Without competition, their rates go up. We see the same thing in local telephone service. Their rates go up because competition is not yet available.  Now, we know that there is a need for new legislation. Certainly the legislation from the 1950's, 1960's, 1970's, and early 1980's cannot keep up with the technology of today. But let us make sure we do not turn the clock back both for business and consumers. Rather, give us a chance to use the marketing and technological genius of our great country as we go into the next century.  I worry also about issues like criminal penalties for engaging in constitutionally protected speech that occurs over computer networks. Right now a provision in the Senate telecommunications bill would penalize you, if you are, for example, a botanist and click onto an online article on wild orchids, but suddenly find something that is not the kind of wild orchid you grow in your planter but reference to an obscene movie. The fact that you even clicked on, downloaded and found out what it was, you could be prosecuted. The distinguished Presiding Officer uses the Internet as I do, uses his computer as I do. Not that this would ever happen, but suppose he sends me a message disagreeing--I say it would probably never happen--but disagreeing with a political position I took. And suppose I sent back a message to him and in the heat of the moment was less than senatorial in my courtesy toward him and used terms that neither he nor I would use. I use this, of course, as a hypothetical, Mr. President. I could be prosecuted under this bill for doing it.  The interesting thing is he might be prosecuted for receiving it even before he knew what was in there, and certainly should he get incensed by what he received he could be in a real heap of hurt if he sent back, and you're one, too.  These are the kinds of silly things that we have crafted in this telecommunications bill that we ought to take a second look at. It might make us all feel good at the moment, but the long-range implications are weird and we ought to look at all of these issues.  The distinguished chairman of the Commerce Committee, the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the distinguished ranking members of both of those committees and so many other Members in this body, Republicans and Democrats alike, have worked so hard to get a bill out of here. Let us not in almost a sense of final relief of throwing it out the door, throw out something that is going to come back and bite us. It will not just bite the 100 of us, but hundreds of millions of consumers and dozens and dozens of businesses that deserve better.  So let us appoint Judiciary Committee members. It does not guarantee that everything that I might want or Senator Thurmond might want would be on that bill by any means. But it might mean that those with expertise in the areas of antitrust, first amendment rights, and so on, would have a choice, and we might have better legislation as a result.  Mr. President, I understand that neither the distinguished Senator from North Dakota nor anybody else wishes to speak over here.  I might ask the distinguished Senator from South Dakota if it is his same feeling as the distinguished Senator from North Dakota, that upon completion of this we just yield back all the time?  I understand it is, Mr. President, and I yield back all time.  