652, and will permit States, at a time certain, to create a more competitive market for their in-state toll calls.  Without this amendment, S. 652 would have prohibited all States from ordering a Bell operating company to provide dialing parity for in-State toll calls before the company is authorized to provide long-distance service in that area. The bill preempted States' prerogative to open up the in-State toll market to meaningful competition. This preemption would persist under the bill, as reported by the committee, until the Bell operating company in the State satisfied the unbundling and interconnection requirements in the bill and was permitted into the long-distance market.  In addition, as introduced, the bill rolled back the actions of 10 States that have already ordered local telephone companies to provide dialing parity for in-State toll calls.  The 10 States that would have had to undo their dialing parity requirements are: Illinois, Wyoming, Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Connecticut, Georgia, Kentucky, Minnesota, and New York.  These States recognize that dialing parity is a key to healthy competition for in-State toll calls.  They should not be second-guessed and preempted on the Federal level. The bill would have stopped and reversed this progress toward a competitive market. The bill would also forbid all other States, many of which are considering changes, from implementing dialing parity until the regional Bell operating companies [RBOCs] are allowed into the intraLATA long distance market as a result, the States were left with no time certain for when they could require dialing parity for intraLATA calls.  Without dialing parity for toll calls, Bell company customers can place an in-State toll call simply by dialing 1 plus the seven-digit telephone number, for a total of eight digits to complete the call.  By contrast, customers who want to use their long distance company to complete that same call must dial 1 plus a special 5-digit access code plus the 7-digit telephone number, for a total of 13 digits to complete the call. Dialing these extra digits severely handicaps competition and gives an artificial advantage to Bell companies. This handicap is anticompetitive and anticonsumer.  Dialing parity for in-State toll calls enhances competition for toll services. Requiring dialing parity overcomes the primary obstacle to meaningful competition in these short-haul long distance markets.  Without dialing parity, intraLATA toll calls are simply carried by the local exchange carrier.  For Vermont, a one ``LATA'' State, this means that NYNEX carries the bulk of in-State toll calls, because other toll call carriers may only be accessed by dialing cumbersome access codes. Consumers are the losers.  When dialing parity is implemented, customers will be able to choose the carrier that carries their in-State toll calls with the same convenient ``1+'' dialing that they have had available for long-distance calling for many years. Customers will be able to pre-select their carrier for these calls, just as there is presubscription for long-distance carriers.  The availability of dialing parity for in-State toll service should substantially increase competition in this multibillion dollar telecommunications market. Increased competition, in turn, would bring lower prices for consumers and less need for regulation of such services by State public service commissions.  A recent Wall Street Journal article stated, ``in California, MCI's direct-dial toll rates are as much as 30 percent cheaper than Pacific Bell's in some cases. Similar savings can be had in other major markets across the country.'' In general, in-State toll calls are significantly lower-priced where effective competition is introduced. Implementation of toll dialing parity would help accomplish that result.  By preserving the Bell companies' dominant position in these markets until they secure long distance entry, the bill as reported would have diminished, rather than increased, the Bell companies' incentives to open their markets to competition as rapidly as possible.  S. 652 provided a disincentive for the Bell companies to open their local exchange markets so that they could compete in all segments of the long distance market. Instead, the bill might have encouraged the Bell companies' to fight competition in their local markets, because as long as they do not enter the interLATA market, their lucrative intraLATA toll markets are protected.  The bill, as reported, also puts unwarranted pressure on the regulatory agencies to approve Bell companies entry into the long-distance market, interLATA entry, regardless of the status of local competition under the bill, until the Bell companies got into the interexchange long-distance market, real competition would not come to the multibillion-dollar in-State toll market.  I have heard some concern that in-State dialing parity might increase local rates and thereby harm universal service. The 10 States that have ordered dialing parity have carefully analyzed and considered the effect of dialing parity on local rates.  They have ordered dialing parity after determining that universal service will not be harmed, and that equal access is necessary for effective competition. Competition reduces total costs for consumers and results in new services and technological advancements. These advances in technology have reduced the cost of providing basic service and provided new revenue sources for the Bell companies.  Some States may decide that circumstances in their regions are such that dialing parity for in-State toll calls is not in the public interest. In 1987, Vermont decided against requiring presubscription and dialing parity, but this issue is currently being reconsidered. The Breaux-Leahy amendment would permit the 10 States that have already ordered it, based upon the particular circumstances present in the State, to continue implementation of dialing parity.  The intraLATA toll dialing parity preemption provision in S. 652, as reported, is opposed by consumer groups, long-distance carriers, alternative local transport providers, and State organizations such as the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners [NARUC], and the Attorneys General of 22 States and Guam.  In March 31, 1995 letter to Senator Pressler, NARUC wrote that:       The blanket preemption of states that have already mandated      dialing parity will undercut state efforts, already in place,      to encourage competition and bring lower prices and more      choice to consumers.  The Breaux-Leahy amendment would permit single-LATA States, including Vermont, Maine, Wyoming, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, New Mexico, Utah and South Dakota, and the 10 States, which have ordered intraLATA toll dialing parity, to implement dialing parity, whether or not the RBOC in the State has been authorized to provide interexchange service.  In addition, the Breaux-Leahy amendment provides a time certain for all other States to be able to implement such dialing parity of the earlier of 3 years after enactment or when the RBOC is granted authority to provide interexchange service. The preemption ``sunset'' of 3 years permits those 13 States, Arizona, California, Delaware, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Texas, Vermont, Washington, and West Virginia--with proceedings underway, time to complete their proceedings, issue any order for intraLATA toll dialing parity and make plans for implementation, though those States may [[Page S8350]] not implement until the earlier of 36 months or until the RBDOC is authorized to provide inter-exchange services.  Finally, in those States where intraLATA toll dialing parity has been implemented--not merely ordered--during the 3 years after enactment or before the RBOC in the State has been authorized to provide interexchange service, whichever is earlier, the Breaux-Leahy amendment would bar telecommunications carriers in that State from jointly marketing interLATA and intraLATA services. This ban would be lifted or ``sunset'', 3 years after enactment or when the RBOC in the State was authorized to offer interexchange services, whichever is earlier. Furthermore, this ban only applies to carriers serving greater than 5 percent of the Nation's presubscribed access lines.  The biggest telecommunications legislative reform package in more than 60 years should not include provisions that reverse progress toward competition. Supporting this amendment is proconsumer, procompetitive, and pro-States' rights.  