President, yesterday the Senate Subcommittee on Antitrust, Business Rights and Competition of the Committee on the Judiciary voted out S.627, the Hatch-Thurmond-Leahy bill clarifying the application of our antitrust laws to major league baseball.  What we did was to remove the antitrust exemption given to major league baseball. I hope that the full Judiciary Committee, the Senate and the other body will take this up and pass it relatively soon.  Baseball has for decades had a special exemption from the antitrust laws, which laws apply to everything else, every other business in this country and every other professional sport. What this means is that baseball and those who own it and run it are basically above the law.  Now they have shown what this means. They have shown great disdain for the fans, for those who do not make the $1 million salaries, like the people who park the cars, that sell peanuts and beer and hot dogs and soda at the various stadiums, for the communities that have taxed their people through bond issues to build stadiums, for those who make the pennants and the T-shirts and the baseball caps, and even, in the State of Vermont, those who make the souvenir bats given out on bat day. Such people have been out of jobs over the past year because of the baseball strike.  And throughout all of this, people, some acting in extremely high-handed fashion, are able to say, ``Well, the fans be damned. Because we have this exemption from antitrust, we can act together. We can do whatever we want.''  The antitrust exemption was provided for baseball on the assumption that those who control baseball would act in the best interest of the game and the best interest of the fans, would do it responsibly and that we would have a strong commissioner. The practical matter is they have done none of this in the last few years.  I recall testimony in a hearing that Senator Thurmond and I had in which the question was asked: Let us assume baseball did not have an exemption from the antitrust laws and let us assume we saw the situation, the sorry situation, we have seen for nearly a year in baseball. If the owners came in and said, ``Oh, by the way, Congress, give us something you have not given any other business. Give us an exemption from the antitrust laws.'' Would they not be laughed off Capitol Hill? Of course, they would.  Republicans and Democrats alike, both in the Senate and the House, would say, ``We are not going to give you that. We are not going to give you this special exemption from the antitrust laws that we don't give to football or basketball or General Motors or Dow Chemical or Monsanto or Apple Computers or anybody else. We are not going to give it to you. And especially we are not going to give it to you because of the way you have been acting.''  We would not pass a statutory exemption, and I daresay, Mr. President, there would not be one Member of the U.S. Senate that would vote to give them an antitrust exemption today, yet they have it.  So, I hope, by the same token, everyone in the Senate will join with Senator Thurmond, Senator Hatch, and myself--an interesting coalition, if ever there was one--and would withdraw the antitrust exemption. It is not deserved by baseball. It should not be continued for baseball. They should be treated as anybody else.  Their behavior in the past year has shown why they should not have that special exemption, if they ever really deserved it. But whether they have deserved it or not, they have now lost it. We should take it away.  So, Mr. President, I hope that this legislation will work its way through the committee process fairly quickly, come to the floor of the Senate, and be voted upon.  I have watched some of the activities of the baseball teams, I mean things that are so petty, so petty. For example, the way they treat Little League teams.  When I was a youngster and when my children were, the idea was, if you had a Little League team, you built up some following for various teams. You proudly wore the logos of a team--the Red Sox, the Yankees, whoever else it might be.  Now they say: ``Well, we will require each one of those children to pay us $6 for the privilege of having their logo on their uniform.'' This is just penny-ante baloney.  What it does, it says, ``We expect you to be fans supporting us, but, kid, you're going to pay for it.''  I recall as a child being at Fenway Park and seeing some of the greats of baseball come by. If you held out a baseball, they would autograph it for you. And they were paid a tiny fraction of what is paid to these multimillionaires today who tell you, ``Yes, you can come in and for x number of dollars we may give you the autograph.'' This is spoiling the whole idea of baseball.  So, as I said, Mr. President, we ought to lift their antitrust exemption. They do not deserve it. They never really earned it in the first place, and they have done nothing to keep it today. Let us get rid of it. Let us treat them as the business they have become and let us stand up for the fans for a change.  I have seen a situation in the hearings where even the acting commissioner of baseball in his testimony tried to mislead the Senate; gave conflicting testimony, gave testimony that turned out not to be true; and did not move to correct his testimony. This is the kind of disdain that they show for the Congress.  Well, then let us not give them the exemption to the laws. You can have disdain for the laws, you can have disdain for the game, you can have disdain for your own responsibilities, you can have disdain for your own fans, but we are not going to give you a special [[Page S5283]] exemption under the law to carry out that disdain.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  