 Mr. President, I rise in strong support of the Boxer-Leahy amendment to House Joint Resolution 1, the constitutional balanced budget amendment.  In fact, I think those of us who are concerned about such issues as natural disasters and our country's response to them have to commend the distinguished Senator from California for her leadership. She has been the spearhead in this area. I also thank Senator Bumpers and others who have come with their support.  Senator Boxer has stated more passionately and eloquently than I ever could the reason why this amendment would give Congress the authority to waive the balanced budget amendment if we need Federal relief for major disasters and emergencies, but only if they have been declared so by the President of the United States. And even then, if it had been declared so by the President, Congress would still--while it would have the flexibility that it needs--require a majority vote of those present and voting in each House of Congress for Federal relief.  I would like to think that we would never have such an emergency. The fact of the matter is that we all know from even recent history that the Federal Government has been called on to give critical aid to supplement State and local efforts to protect the public health and safety in response to major disasters and emergencies. Much of this aid has been paid for by supplemental appropriations not only because of the unexpected nature of the disasters but also because of the size of the disasters.  Flooding in the Midwest a year ago was of a size and severity that nobody had predicted. Certainly the terrible scenes of the earthquake in Los Angeles are such that even as we watched them, most of us--certainly here in the East--could hardly believe what we were seeing, and I expect the same could be said of the inhabitants of Los Angeles. To just show you what happened, the chart I have here displays supplemental appropriations from fiscal years 1989 through 1994. In those years, Congress had to appropriate supplemental major disaster and emergency relief in every year but one. Look what we have.  In 1989, the administration requested $200 million. We ended up with a supplemental of $1,108,000,000. In 1990, $1,150,000,000 went for disaster relief. These were, incidentally, votes cast overwhelmingly by Republicans and Democrats alike, realizing that the Nation faced, in parts of the country, such disasters that we could address them only as a Nation, and that no one State or region could address it. The Nation had to come together to do it.  In 1991, we were fortunate. There were no supplemental appropriations. But in 1992, the supplemental was $4,136,000,000. Again, Mr. President, I ask, is there any part of the country, any one State that could, in facing a disaster, come up with $4 billion by itself? Not even the 10 most populated States could do that. Certainly in areas like my own--a State of under 600,000 people--we could not begin to respond like that. In 1993, it was $2 billion. And last year, $4,709,000,000 in supplemental. That is a pretty significant supplemental, especially when it came up to total outlays of $5,001,000,000.  To give you some idea of where this went, in 1992, over $4 billion in supplemental appropriations went to a number of areas: the Los Angeles riots; Chicago floods; Hurricane Andrew. In 1993, it was $2 billion. That went to help victims of the Midwest floods. In 1994, as we have already said, it was $4 billion to help victims of the Northridge earthquake in Los Angeles.  In each one of these years, certainly it was my feeling that --and also from the calls and letters that came to my office and the reaction from around the country--people realized that as a Nation we had to come together. We had to spread the pain and the efforts to take care of these disasters.  I know firsthand the devastation of a major disaster and the benefits of swift Federal relief. Let me speak of one not the size of California or the Midwest, but I use as example my home town of Montpelier, VT, the capital of our State. It is a beautiful capital, I might say, Mr. President. But it is a city of only 8,500 people. If it is not the smallest in population of any capital, it is certainly among the smallest.  I was born and raised in a home right on State Street, almost diagonally across the street from our State capitol, a lovely marble building--a little like a miniature version of this Capitol. It is nestled in the hills of Vermont, with a beautiful river running along it. But that river becomes the rub, because in 1992 we were hit by enormous amounts of rain, ice jams, and a flood--the worst flood in my lifetime in Vermont. In fact, it was the single greatest catastrophe to hit Montpelier since the floods of 1927.  I mention that because one of our country's largest newspapers reported after those floods that Vermont would never be heard from again, that this natural calamity was such that it could wipe out the State of Vermont. We had been hit with a number of problems during the Civil War. We had one of the highest mortality rates of any State, on a per capita basis. Many of our soldiers that joined the Union during World War I--again, a case where Vermonters had answered the call so strongly--never came back. And now this devastating flood. At that time, the President of the United States went to Vermont and declared help and we had it.  In this case, in the downtown part of Montpelier, VT, virtually everything is on the same level. The town is surrounded by hills. The State House and everything are on the same level. All the stores along the streets downtown, on which I had walked back and forth to school, where I delivered newspapers, were badly damaged and some were destroyed. The printing shop that my father and mother had in downtown Montpelier, where we had been raised, was in that damaged area.  Again, there are 8,500 people, and unless you live there, that may not seem like an enormous amount or anything in the grand scheme of things. It obviously was to those of us from Montpelier, those of us who lived there. I use the example of Montpelier not out of some parochial interest but because it showed what can go right in this country when there is a disaster.  I talked with the President about the floods. He was not a President of my own party. It was President Bush, who I want to say responded immediately and showed great concern and talked with me about it. He sent Federal officials up to Montpelier. The President declared Montpelier and five surrounding counties a major disaster. He took a personal interest in it. I want to commend President Bush for that.  The Federal Government swiftly provided disaster relief at a critical time in the local cleanup effort. Major figures within the Bush administration that were involved in disaster relief went to Montpelier, and when the cleanup effort was finally completed, the Federal Government had provided $4 million. That may not be much compared to disasters in other parts of this country, but it was $4 million that the people of Vermont and the State of Vermont could not have provided. And to the people of Vermont in Montpelier and other areas, that relief came at the darkest moment. Today, Montpelier is back as the beautiful capital it once was and will always be, and it enjoys a thriving downtown.  Now the current version of the balanced budget amendment would make it much harder for future Congresses to help victims of major disasters and emergencies like the Montpelier floods. Instead of a simple majority, the balanced budget amendment would require a supermajority of both Houses of Congress to help major disaster and emergency victims through supplemental appropriations that might throw the budget out of balance.  In fact, a small minority of both bodies could hold critical disaster and emergency relief hostage, making it impossible for the majority to speak on such things.  And I might say, Mr. President, if your State is hit by a major disaster or emergency, do you want, as a Member of this body, to have critical Federal assistance hang on the whims of 41 Senators? I will fight for the 51, but I  [[Page S2603]] would hate to have to have a supermajority.  I think relief for major disasters and emergencies has to be flexible, especially as it is often the aid that comes immediately that is most valuable and most needed, as compared to the aid that might come a year or 2 or 3 years later. Disaster and emergency relief by constitutional mandate is a prescription for gridlock, not for swift action, not for the help people need.  The Founding Fathers of this country rejected requirements of supermajorities, and I think we ought to ask why. I mean, this was the time that allowed this country to become the most powerful, most respected democracy in history. We have to look at their sound reasons for rejecting supermajority requirements before we impose on our citizens a three-fifths supermajority vote to provide Federal relief for major disasters and emergencies.  Go back to the Federalist papers, I believe it was No, 22, where Alexander Hamilton painted an alarming picture of the consequences of the ``poison'' of supermajority requirements. Mr. Hamilton said that supermajority requirements served ``to destroy the energy of the government, and to substitute the pleasure, caprice, or artifices of an insignificant, turbulent, or corrupt junto to the regular deliberations and decisions of a respectable majority.''  I could not say it better myself, Mr. President; would not even pretend that I could come close.  But Alexander Hamilton said it very well in speaking of the supermajority requirements as a recipe for increased gridlock and not more efficient action.  Let me read again from Hamilton. He said: ``Hence, tedious delays; continual negotiation and intrigue; contemptible compromises of the public good.''  In fact, I would go somewhat further, I say to my friend from California, even further than what Mr. Hamilton said. I would say that the supermajority requirements reflect not only a basic distrust just of Congress, but of the electorate itself. I reject that notion. I reject the notion that somehow the majority of the people in this country cannot be expected to do what is right.  I fear that if you require a supermajority requirement, in effect, saying we do not trust democracy, we do not trust a democracy and the rules of democracy that made us the greatest, most respected power on Earth, then you are going to lead Congress to play politics with critical relief from disasters and emergencies; you will have them playing politics with those very things that bind us together as a nation.  It is a question of a person in Vermont helping to respond to a disaster in Colorado or Idaho or California, or vice versa. These are the things that remind us why we have come together as a Union and why, as a democracy, even with the individual identities of our 50 great and different States, those 50 great and different States come together to help each other when needed.  Even today, where we have a simple majority requirement for supplemental appropriations for disaster and emergency relief, we have seen the potential for partisan politics. And even with a simple majority, if you have a chance at partisan politics, imagine what it would be with a supermajority.  In fact, last Friday's Wall Street Journal reported that:       A multibillion-dollar disaster-aid package for California      is caught in the budget wars between President Clinton and      House Republicans.  The Journal article reported that the House Republican leadership was delaying action on a request from the President for $6.7 billion in supplemental appropriations for emergency relief for victims of the California floods and Los Angeles earthquake.  Now, Senator Boxer, our distinguished colleague from California, well documented this gamesmanship. Earlier today, she read from the House Republican leadership's letter. That, plus the Wall Street Journal article, shows exactly what can happen with the politics of a simple majority. Can you imagine what it would be like if you are talking about a supermajority? If you would have to clear that supermajority hurdle to pass disaster emergency relief, what we have seen in that letter and what we have seen in the Wall Street Journal article would look like child's play.  I am no fan of the balanced budget amendment. As I have said before, I worry why we should even have to start amending the Constitution for everything. I worry that some of the strongest supporters of the balanced budget amendment are the same people that voted for the enormous deficits of the Reagan era, and now say we need a constitutional amendment so in the year 2002 somebody will pay off the bills we ran up in the eighties, and of those who speak of a deficit today without realizing those deficits are basically just paying interest on the debt they voted for in the last decade. But I digress.  Even as bad an idea as the balanced budget amendment is, this amendment would improve what is a flawed balanced budget amendment. I think we should tear down as a requirement the supermajority barrier. Otherwise, you are telling future Congresses they are not going to be able to provide the critical disaster and emergency relief that would be needed by those in other parts of our country.  So, Mr. President, I commend the Senator from California. I thank her for yielding me this time. I strongly support the Boxer-Leahy amendment. I am pleased and proud to have had my name joined on her amendment.  