President, I am pleased to join Senators Jeffords, Simpson, Bumpers, and others in offering this amendment to strengthen the National Endowments for the Arts and Humanities.  The debate over funding for the National Endowment for the Arts [NEA] and the National Endowment for the Humanities [NEH] is not about making tough budget choices. This is a debate over whether reason will prevail over hysteria.  The Federal deficit is out of control and Congress must continue to make tough choices to get our fiscal books in order. But we are not going to balance the budget by eliminating Federal funding to the arts and humanities.  Opponents of Federal support for the cultural agencies have singled out a tiny fraction of the total grants provided across country as objectionable. I, too, have found several of the projects which received funding personally disturbing.  But since when does Congress eliminate an entire agency for a few bad grants? The Department of Defense would have been abolished long ago if it had been held to a similar criteria that a few bad contracts were justification for closing down the Pentagon.  Federal cultural agencies have unfortunately become political symbols for groups that objected to that tiny fraction of grants. I strongly believe, however, that they are a worthy investment--even in these times of fiscal restraint.  Promoting the arts and humanities is much more than awarding grants. These agencies promote programs that foster the healthy artistic and cultural weave that binds our diverse society together.  I need to look no further than my home State of Vermont to see why we must maintain adequate Federal funding for NEA and NEH. It is easy to review lists of the grant awards that have been made in Vermont or any other State. Such a shallow approach belittles the work done by these agencies. These grants keep our culture vibrant and remind all of those who they touch how fortunate we are to live in these United States.  Let me highlight some of the programs in Vermont and show how the benefits far exceed the minor investment we make to promote the arts and humanities.  The Folklife Center is one recipient in Vermont of a challenge grant from the NEA. The center enriches Vermonters of all ages by displaying the beauty and importance of the artisans and their crafts of basketry, quiltmaking, stonework, slate and granite carving.  Arts programs benefit the entire community.  The Catamount Film and Arts Co. in a very rural part of Vermont, known as the Northeast Kingdom, has earned a national reputation for excellence in programming and community service. The $5,000 that they receive from the NEA enables them to present over 25 live performing arts events each year.  Over 5,000 Vermonters visited the Rutland Region Ethnic Festival last year thanks to support from the NEA. Everyone enjoyed entertainment and a variety of foods from around the world.  Through a grant from the NEH, the Mother Goose Program promotes literacy throughout Vermont by encouraging parents to read with their children. A special part of this program is dedicated to teen parents.  Mr. President, every program in this appropriations bill is being cut. That is reality. This amendment brings parity to the arts and humanities.  With the additional funds provided in this amendment, both NEA and NEH are funded at $110 million. This amendment is not perfect. Even at this level, NEA would be reduced by 32 percent and the NEH by 36 percent from this year.  I would certainly like to see funding for the NEA and NEH at a much higher level. More than the numbers involved, however, this amendment is a show of the Senate's commitment to continuing strong Federal arts and humanities programs now, and in the future.  The NEA and NEH are extremely important to my home State of Vermont. And I am pleased to be working with my colleague from Vermont, Senator Jeffords, to strengthen these institutions. Senator Jeffords has been tireless in his support for the arts and humanities.  The amendment we are offering is about more than the State of Vermont, it is about our country as a whole.  These agencies and the grants they award preserve and perpetuate our national cultural heritage. They deserve our support and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  