President, last night, I along with a number of our colleagues in both bodies, Republican and Democrat, those who have responsibility for foreign policy decisions, gathered with the President for nearly a couple of hours to talk about the situation in Bosnia, and whether and under what circumstance American troops might be sent there.  And in the future, when the discussions in Dayton, OH, are over, I will speak more about what I think can be and should be America's role in Bosnia, as the leader of NATO. But during the discussion last night, I could not help but think, whoever goes into the former Yugoslavia, assuming there is a peace agreement and the fighting has stopped, and the tanks are rolled back and the troops withdrawn, there is 1 killer that will remain--actually, not 1 killer, there are over 2 million killers that will remain in the former Yugoslavia. Those are, of course, the landmines that have been put there.  These landmines do not sign peace agreements. The landmines do not withdraw. The landmines do not say, ``We have agreed to stop killing.'' In fact, the landmines do not agree that they will kill and maim only combatants. They will destroy the life of whoever steps on them, civilian or combatant.  I have spoken many times about landmines on the floor of the Senate, and also in the halls of the United Nations where I had the privilege of serving as a delegate from the United States.  The immense human misery that is caused by landmines is finally becoming known. Just last week, on the CBS program ``60 Minutes,'' they showed how Cambodia has become a land of amputees from the millions of landmines that have littered the country. Tim Rieser from my office has been there and seen that, as have many others who have worked with me on the landmine problem.  Each one of those landmines waits silently. It is hidden until some unsuspecting child steps on it, loses a leg or their face or eyes or their life from loss of blood. And people who have come back from Cambodia, like so many of the countries that are strewn with landmines, and have told me that after awhile they become almost inured to walking down the street and seeing men, women, and children with a leg missing or an arm missing or their face horribly scarred and blinded, all from landmines.  We think how terrible it is in these countries, where unlike in our own country where we can walk safely almost anywhere, the people there cannot even go out to the fields to raise crops or to feed their animals, get water, or go to school. Whenever they venture outside they know that any minute could be their last.  But ours is a false sense of security, Mr. President, because landmines also maim and kill Americans, whether those are Americans in combat missions, the brave men and women of our Armed Forces who are sent into combat or on peacekeeping missions, or Americans who are on other missions overseas.  I have spoken many times about my friend Ken Rutherford of Boulder, CO. Two years ago, he lost a leg from a landmine in Somalia where he was working for the International Rescue Committee, a noncombatant on a humanitarian mission. He has undergone at least seven operations to save his other foot that was badly damaged.  Those who were in the Senate hearing room when he testified about the explosion when the landmine blew apart the vehicle he was riding in, remember the image of him sitting there in shock holding his foot in his hand trying to put it back onto his leg--an impossibility, of course--those who were there remember, as did people operating the cameras from networks who stood there with tears running down their faces, witnesses and others who had heard similar horrible stories before, were stunned into silence listening to this man.  Last June, two Americans, one from Long Island, the other from Minnesota, both in the military but on their honeymoon--on their honeymoon--were killed from a landmine in the Sinai Desert on their way to a resort on the Red Sea, even though peace had long since come to the area.  Less than 2 weeks ago, another American fell victim to a landmine in Zaire. Marianne Holtz of Seattle, WA, was working for the American Refugee Committee on the Rwanda border doing the highest of missionary and humanitarian work. She was following, really, the precepts of the Bible, of caring for these, the least fortunate of our brothers. She lost both legs, part of her face and today she is on a respirator in a hospital thousands of miles from home fighting for her life from internal injuries, because the vehicle she was riding in was blown apart by a landmine.  That is not an isolated incident. Four people have died and over 20 were injured in two separate incidents in the past 2 months in Rwanda where landmines blew up a Red Cross ambulance and a truck filled with refugees.  Mr. President, if there were a Red Cross ambulance filled with refugees and humanitarian workers, and a soldier were to fire a weapon at them and blow up that truck, we would say, ``What an outrageous thing. Don't they know this is the Red Cross? Don't they know these are noncombatants?'' It would be a war crime. But the landmine does not know that, and the landmine exploded and it is just as horrible.  This is happening, Mr. President, every 22 minutes of every day. Somebody in one of the 60 countries infested with mines loses an arm, leg, or is killed.  I have talked about four Americans who are among the tens of thousands of innocent people who have been killed or horribly mutilated by landmines in recent months. They are in addition to the 18 Americans who died from landmines in the Persian Gulf. In fact, a quarter of all the American soldiers who died in the Persian Gulf war died from landmines.  With 100 million landmines in over 60 countries, more Americans will be among their victims. Millions more landmines are being laid each year, and sooner or later, we have to realize whatever the military utility these insidious weapons have, it is time we paid attention to the terrible human suffering it is causing indiscriminately day after day after day. It is time, as civilized nations on this Earth, to join together to end the use of these indiscriminate, inhumane weapons.  I yield the floor.  