President, there should be various confirmations by the Senate within the next few hours. I am hoping that one of those who will be confirmed will be William Sessions of Vermont to be a Federal District Judge. I am fairly confident that this will happen, so let me say a couple of things about Bill Sessions.  Mr. President, Bill Sessions is one of the most respected attorneys I have known in the years that I have practiced law in Vermont. I became a member of the bar of Vermont well over 30 years ago. Since that time I have seen hundreds of lawyers, men and women, who are some of the best I have seen in any part of the country. We are blessed in a small State like ours with having lawyers of extraordinary capability. But throughout that time there has always been a small cadre of the very, very best. Bill Sessions has always been on that list. He is considered one of the finest trial attorneys this year or any year in Vermont.  He is treated with great respect by both the plaintiff and defense bars, and by both the prosecution and the defendant bars. I have heard from prosecutors who had to face him in court and lost, who tell me that they have the utmost respect for him because of his honesty, his integrity, and his ability. And I have heard from people, over and over again, who have either been co-counsel with him or opposing counsel, who have equal praise, as do the Judges of Vermont.  We have had an extraordinary circumstance where all of the Federal Judge positions in Vermont became vacant through an elevation and retirements. We have had to replace one Judge on the second circuit court of appeals and two federal district judges.  I have had the privilege of recommending to President Clinton a person to be appointed to the second circuit court of appeals, Judge Fred Parker, who now serves there with distinction. I then had the privilege to recommend to the President Gar Murtha of Dummerston who now serves with distinction as the chief Federal Judge in Vermont.  I have now had the privilege of recommending to President Clinton the name of William Sessions to be a federal district judge. The President has nominated him, the Judiciary Committee has met on him and approved him, and now the Senate is poised to act on his nomination.  Mr. President, I told President Clinton that he could rest assured that Bill Sessions would serve with great distinction, and that the President could look at him as an appointment of which he could be proud.  I know that Vermonters will join me in welcoming Bill Sessions' confirmation as a federal district judge. I know Vermonters look forward to him serving on the bench.  I must say to Bill Sessions and his family that it is a singular honor to be able to recommend him. It is an honor to join in his confirmation. This nomination is an honor he has earned, and it is an honor that he and his family should all share. It is an honor that Vermont will be able to share.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  