President, I thank my colleagues for restoring funding for the Violence Against Women Act programs. When we passed the Violence Against Women Act as part of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, we responded to the crisis of domestic violence that exists throughout this country, in rural and urban communities, among poor, middle class, and the rich, affecting women and children of all races and religions. Those programs are among the most important parts of the comprehensive legislation we considered and passed last year after 6 long years of debate.  To have gutted these programs through the appropriations process would have been wrong. To have done so when the funding for them was assured through the Violent Crime Reduction Trust Fund would have breached our commitment to the American people. A 99 to 0 vote in favor of restoring this funding sends a powerful message to those who would have cut funding for these important programs.  Law enforcement and community-based programs cannot be kept on a string like a yo-yo if they are to plan and implement programs to begin to deal with domestic violence and its prevention. They need to be able to initiate programs and hire staff and have a sense of stability if these measures are to achieve their fullest potential.  I know, for instance, that, in Vermont, Lori Hayes at the Vermont Center for Crime Victims Services; Judy Rex and the Vermont Network Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Abuse; Karen Bradley from the Vermont Center for Prevention and Treatment of Sexual Abuse; and others, provide tremendous service under difficult conditions. Such dedicated individuals and organizations, working in a most difficult area, on problems that were once thought to be intractable, ought not be promised support and then frustrated just as they are about to expand needed programs and services throughout the State. Vermont was the first State to apply for and the first State to begin receiving its Violence Against Women Act grant. The Governor and his advisers had made plans and promises and announced grantees through the State. That implementation of Violence Against Women Act programs ought to proceed without further delay, distraction or diminution.  What Congress needs to do is to follow through on our commitments, not to breach them and violate our pledge to law enforcement, State and local government, and the American people. Invading trust funds dedicated to Violence Against Women Act programs is simply not justifiable. Neither the elimination of the corporate alternative minimum tax nor capital gains taxes is sufficient reason for this cut.  Funding for important programs implementing the Violence Against Women Act and our rural crime initiatives should not be cut without debate and justification. There has been neither.  Earlier this year I offered a resolution rejecting the ill-advised House action cutting $5 billion from the Violent Crime Reduction Trust Fund. The Senate agreed and proclaimed its intent to preserve the trust fund so that we could fulfill the promise of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act and our commitment to do all that we can to reduce violent crime in our local communities. The action we take today takes an important step in that same direction and preserves to our Violence Against Women Act programs funds that are needed for their proper implementation.  