President, my wife and I were in California visiting my youngest son and his wife this past weekend. After what had been a very pleasant day out hiking and walking about, we came back to their home, and there were a series of messages for me from the White House and my chief of staff. I called back and heard the terrible news about Yitzhak Rabin. I was also asked if it would be possible to make the connection back to Washington in time to accompany the President and the others to Israel.  Mr. President, like so many millions of people, I turned to the radio and the television in disbelief. I hoped, even though the first news was so discouraging, that somehow he had survived the assassin's bullet. It seemed inconceivable that an old soldier who had survived so much, who had risked his life so many times, could be struck down this way, following a rally for peace.  Those unable to attend the ceremony in Jerusalem watched it and wept. For all the reasons said so eloquently by so many people--and I think of our own President, President Clinton, Jordan's King Hussein, the man who had a close personal relationship, one based on trust and respect, with Prime Minister Rabin, and Egypt's President Mubarak, and perhaps most of all Prime Minister Rabin's granddaughter Noa. We listened to them and know we will not forget Yitzhak Rabin.  Prime Minister Rabin was a man of great courage, of great vision, of great warmth, and, above all, great love for his country. In fact, for me it is almost impossible to think of Israel without thinking of him. My heart's hopes go out, not only to his family, but to Shimon Peres, who now takes on the awesome duties of Prime Minister at such a difficult time. To him I offer my support with the deep respect he knows I feel for him.  In remembering Prime Minister Rabin, it was his undying love for Israel, his absolute commitment to Israel's survival, that enabled him to change course, to choose the path of peace in his final years. It was a choice and a challenge for all of us, but especially the people of the Middle East. It was a choice that was embraced by a majority of Israelis and Palestinians. It was spurned only by those too blinded by hate to see the historic opportunity that Yitzhak Rabin had seized.  Like so many others in the Senate, I was fortunate to know Yitzhak Rabin, for nearly a generation. I am going to miss him very, very much. I will miss that great and wonderful voice, and his strength and his wisdom which you could feel just standing next to him.  I had the privilege to accompany President Clinton to Aqabah last October, a year ago, for the signing of the Israeli-Jordanian peace agreement. I remember standing there in 110 degree heat, the wind blowing across the desert, as I listened to those two soldiers, Yitzhak Rabin and King Hussein, men who had fought against each other but who now stood with voices filled with emotion speaking of the need for peace.  I knew from my private conversations both with Prime Minister Rabin and with King Hussein that these were men who could rely totally and utterly on each other's words, on each other's commitment, on each other's integrity and on each other's ability for leadership. And when the ceremony ended and the grandchildren of those who had fallen in the war, Jordanians and Israelis, came and presented flowers to the leaders, you knew that it was the leadership of Yitzhak Rabin and those who joined with him made that moment possible.  Israel and the world have suffered a terrible and irreplaceable loss. We all remember the immeasurable loss after the assassination of President John Kennedy. I was not old enough to vote for President Kennedy. I was a student here in Washington when he died. And like everybody else who was old enough to know that day, I remember precisely where I was, exactly what I was doing, and the emotions I had at the time. And like so many other Americans, I wondered how we might go on.  I know that there are those same feelings in the minds of people in Israel today. But I do not fear for Israel because we can find hope in the outpouring of love and respect for Yitzhak Rabin's memory by Jews, by Arabs, by people of all faiths around the world, because more than anything, it was Yitzhak Rabin's commitment to peace that inspired that outpouring of love and respect. So many generations have yearned for it, but it was Yitzhak Rabin who defied the prejudice, hatred, and violence of the past to make it possible for us to believe that peace is possible in the Middle East. That was the message of the handshake on the White House lawn. It is our challenge and our duty to complete Prime Minister Rabin's vision.  The Congress can be a potent force for peace. Too often we have seen some Members of Congress make fervent speeches and sponsor amendments that may have won points with constituencies here or at home but actually serve to sow divisiveness and undermine progress toward peace in the Middle East.  Just as Prime Minister Rabin pleaded so passionately at the White House for an end to blood and tears, let us put an end to partisan political maneuvering on a subject so important and fragile as peace in the Middle East. Let us stop conceiving of ways to legislate obstacles to the very policies of those who are risking their lives for peace. Let us remind ourselves that even though we might get some short-term political gain by trifling legislatively with the peace process in the Middle East, we do it here in the safety of this Chamber, we do it in the safety of our home States, but it is the lives and the aspirations and the hopes and the dreams of the people in the Middle East who are affected. Let us put an end to these political games and wholeheartedly support peace in the Middle East.  Let us do that for the memory of Yitzhak Rabin. Let us be united in continuing his legacy. Let each of us join the millions of Israelis who put their faith in him to prove the enemies of peace wrong. Let us listen to the words of Leah Rabin, his wife of so many decades, that wonderful woman who calls on us to unite in support of peace.  Mr. President, it was only a couple of weeks ago, here in this building, that I and Leah Gluskoter of my office last spoke with Prime Minister Rabin. I remember him coming over and putting his arm around me and we chatted as the friends I was proud we had become.  We talked a little bit about a longer conversation we had a couple of weeks before. In that conversation, he had thanked me for something I had been able to do for him that he felt helped the peace process. He said I had taken some political risks. I said, ``Mr. Prime Minister, you are the one who takes the real political risk. You risk your political life every day.'' I paused and I said, ``No, you risk your life, your actual life every day.''  In that deep and wonderful voice, he responded he did not worry about that. He really did not fear for his life. He only feared for the continuation of the peace process. This is a man whose own political life, his own future, his own actual life was secondary to what he was trying to accomplish.  I told him in that conversation that I felt when the history of this century is written, there will be a handful of people who will stand out as true peacemakers of this century, and he will be among them. He will be one of the most noted, certainly, of my lifetime.  Now he is gone, and it is our job to go forward. Let me say again that we can give the greatest respect to Yitzhak Rabin's memory by supporting those who believe, as he did, that Israel and its Arab neighbors have seen enough of hatred, of occupation, of bloodshed, and that there is another way. The other way is the peace process he began and which will now be carried on by acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Our country remains a partner with Israelis and Arabs in this effort. Let us go forward in the memory of a great man who gave his life for it.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  