President, this budget bill is a raw deal for Vermont. It makes deep and unnecessary cuts in Medicaid, Medicare, student loans, and dairy programs that will devastate our economy for years to come. And it will raises taxes on 63 percent of working Vermont families. This is the wrong way to try to balance the budget.  This bill cuts Medicaid by $182 billion over the next 7 years and turns this vital program into a block grant to the States. Over the next 7 years, these cuts will reduce Federal Medicaid payments to Vermont by $205 million. This plan defaults on our guarantee that seniors would receive health care assistance when they need it the most.  Vermont's acceptance of this enormous responsibility would leave the State hundreds of millions of dollars short of funds to provide necessary health care over the next 7 years.  The plan also eliminates requirements for nursing homes to provide proper health standards, a loophole that will be seized by some to lower the quality of care and life in these institutions.  It is not an easy decision to place a parent or a spouse in a nursing home, but often it is the only alternative to ensure that they get proper care. And it will be even more difficult if the Republican plan prevails.  The bill cuts Medicare by $270 billion over the next 7 years. It will cut payment rates to providers and hospitals, make seniors pay higher premiums and increase deductibles. Vermont will lose $356 million in Medicare payments over the next 7 years, losing $88 million in 2002 alone.  In Vermont, 73 percent of our elderly population have incomes of less than $15,000. And 1 dollar of every 5 dollars of that fixed income is spent on health care. Yet Republicans are cutting Medicare and Medicaid to finance tax cuts that will mostly benefit Americans making over $100,000 a year--less than 3 percent of Vermonters make that kind of money.  Republicans have the gall to tell us that these massive cuts are supposed to ``preserve, protect and strengthen Medicare.'' I think William Wells of Rutland, Vermont, who recently wrote to me, had the right response to this claim.  With true Vermont common sense, Mr. Wells wrote: I have heard politicians say ``they want to save Medicare.'' Their way of saving Medicare is like a hunter `saving' a moose by shooting it and having it mounted by a taxidermist. It is still there but no longer functional.  Let us be honest with the American people. Congress can balance the Medicare budget and keep the system solvent--but the cuts must be gradual and spread over a longer period of time.  For 30 years, Medicare and Medicaid have contributed greatly to the decline in poverty and improved the health of seniors in America. We are now asked to turn our backs on the elderly and distribute the ``savings'' among our wealthiest citizens.  Mr. President, I will oppose any plan that attempts to dismantle the health care delivery system that has served our Nation's seniors so well.  This bill also makes short-sighted cuts in education. It cuts student loan programs by $10 billion over the next 7 years. Students will be hit with 70 percent of these cuts--increasing the costs to the 20,000 Vermonters receiving higher education and their families by at least $5,800 over the life of a student loan. Because of rising tuition costs, Congress should be working to make education more affordable--not less.  These additional financial burdens will discourage many students to continue their education after high school. The Contract With America has sealed the fate of the next generation of Americans. They may never have the chance of post-high-school training or a college education--the key to a better paying job.  This bill also makes deep cuts in our dairy program. The Senate plan scraps the price support system for butter and nonfat milk and sharply limits the price supports for cheese. Under the bill, the average Vermont dairy farm will lose more than $7,000 a year in revenue. These dairy cuts will deal another blow to Vermont's dwindling family farms.  At a time when many working Vermonters are struggling to make ends meet, the Senate Republican budget would hike Federal taxes on low- and moderate-income families by cutting $43 billion from the earned income tax credit--a program that rewards work and compensates for low-wages.  This Federal tax increase will also raise State taxes in seven states, including Vermont, that have a State earned income tax credit tied to the federal credit. As a result, 27,000 Vermont working families earning less than $30,000 a year--about 63 percent of Vermont taxpayers--will be forced to pay higher taxes. This is a double whammy on working families.  Mr. President, this budget bill is a raw deal for Vermont. It will leave my home State in an economy crisis for years to come. And I will urge the President to veto it.  