President, I rise in strong support for the community development financial institutions (CDFI) fund.  The CDFI fund is a key priority for President Clinton. He and Vice President Gore campaigned in 1992 to create a new partnership with the private sector to revitalize economically distressed communities. The President and Vice President spoke passionately about their vision for supporting local community development banks.  After the election of 1992, both Republicans and Democrats in the last Congress turned the President's vision into ground-breaking legislation that created the CDFI fund. The legislation passed the Senate unanimously and was approved by a 410 to 12 vote in the House.  Unfortunately, the CDFI fund is now a hostage of partisan politics. Under this appropriations bill, the CDFI fund is terminated. Before even giving this program a chance to succeed, this bill kills it. That is a real shame.  The fund is a small but very innovative program. For a modest $50 million budget, the fund has the potential to make a significant impact in distressed communities.  The fund's investments would create new jobs, promote small business, restore neighborhoods, and generate tax revenues in communities desperate for community development.  How would the CDFI fund succeed in areas where more traditional financing has failed?  The fund would create a permanent, self-sustaining network of financial institutions that are dedicated to serving distressed communities. These financial institutions include a fast-growing industry of specialized financial service providers--community development financial institutions. The fund would also provide incentives for banks and thrifts to increase their community development activities and invest in CDFIs.  The CDFI fund's initiatives would be an innovative departure from traditional community development programs because they leverage significant private sector resources. It is estimated that every $1 of fund resources would leverage $10 in non-Federal resources. And these locally-controlled CDFIs would be able to respond more quickly and effectively to market-building opportunities than traditional community development organizations.  The CDFI fund has caught the interest of many community development organizations across the Nation. Unfortunately, these fine community development organizations and many others throughout the country may never get the opportunity to receive assistance from the CDFI fund. I strongly believe that would be a short-sighted mistake--putting partisan politics ahead of our distressed communities.  I urge my colleagues to restore funding for the CDFI fund if the Senate revisits this bill during the appropriations process.  