President, I rise in strong support of the Senator from Nebraska's amendment to restore funding for the Telecommunications Information and Infrastructure Administration Program [TIIAP]. This amendment is fully offset.  In today's world of innovative telecommunications, this program helps us meet the demands of keeping up with this constant change. TIIAP develops partnerships with local governments, schools, hospitals, libraries, and the business community to increase access to advanced information and communications infrastructure. These partnerships will be the key to our educational and economic success in the remainder of this decade and into the next millennium.  Unfortunately, this bill terminates TIIAP. Some are trying to abolish this program to claim they have ended an unnecessary, big-government program. Nothing could be further from the truth.  TIIAP is more than necessary in today's world. It is essential. The world has shrunk because of advances in telecommunications. Today, Americans do not just compete with each other, they compete with Japanese, Germans, New Zealanders, and the other citizens of our global economy. To meet the demands of this new global economy, we must develop and maintain world-class telecommunications networks and infrastructure.  Moreover, TIIAP is not big government. Because of its Federal seed money, private companies and public players have come together to form community-based projects. Each project must have at least 50 percent matching funds from the private sector. This requirement had led to innovative networks with groups that have never worked together before. There is no Government redtape restricting these partnerships. Instead, Government seed money is making these partnerships happen.  Let me describe just a few of these innovative partnerships from around the country that have gotten off the ground because of TIIAP's help:  The State of Alaska, the University of Alaska, the K-12 educational system, public broadcasting, and the library community are working together to integrate networks that will result in 81 percent of Alaskans having non-toll access to an education-government-library network;  In South Dakota, 47 rural schools are working together to combine forces to provide distance learning programs;  Youth service organizations in New Haven, CT, and East Palo, CA, are working together to link teenagers in the two cities to keep them off their streets and in their schools;  Schoolchildren right here in the District of Columbia are studying together on virtual visits to museums in New York by using two-way video and teleconferencing technology;  In my home State, the citizens of Fairfax, VT are working together to develop an electronic bulletin board so this small, rural community can share information on the Internet; and  Physicians from big city medical centers in North Carolina are working together with rural hospitals to provide video teleconsultations and diagnostic images for emergency care.  TIIAP is about finding new ways to learn, to practice better medicine, and to share information. It spurs the growth of networks and infrastructure in many different fields of telecommunications with only a small Federal investment. It is essential and innovative.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support Senator Kerrey's amendment to restore this vital program.  