It is hard to forget the pain of having lost loved ones. It is hard to abandon the image of an enemy as fundamentally evil and begin to recognize that same enemy as a fellow human being. It is hard all of a sudden to forget the vocabulary of hatred and recrimination and start using words like ``goodwill'' and ``trust'' and ``cooperation.''  It is even harder to lead others to do these things. The risks are enormous. The enemy leader may doublecross you, or his followers may try to do that. You may be branded as weak and gullible. In fact, extremists on each side may try to undermine the process. And then, if you are the peacemaker, extremists on your side may prevent you from keeping your promises or, worse yet, attack you. The chances are great that you will end up being blamed for any bloodshed rather than being praised for the bloodshed you prevented.  Madam President, I wish to take a moment today to recognize one who, despite all the risks, embarked on the road to peace and who, despite all the efforts to derail him, remains on it. I am speaking of the Prime Minister of Israel, Yitzhak Rabin.  Sunday, Israel was shaken by yet another bomb attack: 19 Israelis were killed and dozens injured. And once more, understandably, families are grieving. Once more, they are wondering what peace with the Palestinians means. And once more, the voices of those who oppose peace are raised high, many calling for Prime Minister Rabin's resignation.  I hope he does not resign. Israel needs him. The Palestinians need him. We Americans need him. In fact, we all need leaders who are willing to take risks for peace wherever that might be in the world.  We grieve, obviously, for the most recent victims of terrorism. A victim of terrorism is a victim of terrorism no matter who initiated it. How tragic that even now, a year after President Clinton brought Prime Minister Rabin and Chairman Arafat to the White House to shake hands, there are still people who cannot put the pain of past losses behind them, people who still fail to see that continuation of confrontation only brings more pain, people who are still not ready to work together for a better future for their children.  Madam President, as we here in America grieve, I hope we do not lose our bearings. I hope we keep sharply focused on what is the goal, which is peace in the Middle East.  Madam President, I say this because over the past several months, we have seen some interesting activity here on Capitol Hill. I know in my case, and in others, we have had a group of Israelis coming to our offices informing us what American national interests are. Not Israeli interests they would like us to support--in fact, no reference to Israel or the interests of the Israeli Government. They say they are doing us the service of helping us figure out what American interests are.  Frankly, Madam President, I think that is what I was elected for; that is what I am paid for. And I will try to make that determination without someone from another country coming in and telling me what our interests are. I am referring here to those Israelis who are waging a campaign to have Congress in advance forbid American participation in any eventual peace monitoring force in the Golan Heights between Israel and Syria. Why are they doing this? Is there a peace agreement between Israel and Syria? No. Has the Israeli Government asked us to commit ourselves to participate? No. In fact, on the contrary, Madam President, Prime Minister Rabin and Israeli Ambassador to the United States Itaman Rabinovich have made clear that their Government is very anxious to have United States participation in a Golan Heights peace-monitoring force, assuming that at some point possibly one is created, just as the United States has participated and continues to participate effectively in the Sinai force monitoring the peace between Israel and Egypt, something that we have done for years, since the time of the Camp David Accords.  So, why, Madam President, would anyone want the U.S. Government to forbid American participation in a venture even before we know what the venture is? There will be time enough to make that determination once and if there is a peace agreement and we are asked to help. In fact, I ask why would Israelis be working in Washington to persuade the United States Government to act against the wishes of their own Government?  I assume they are here to oppose their own Government, and they would like Americans to help bring down their Government. I am opposed to that. And I am opposed to those who come here who really want to stop the peace process.  Madam President, I do not envy Prime Minister Rabin having to negotiate with Syrian President Assad. He is not a person to whom I take very kindly, President Assad, the same President Assad who has been responsible for terrorist attacks against the Israeli people for decades. This is the [[Page S1417]] same President Assad who aided the attack on the barracks in Beirut almost 15 years ago, when dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens of brave U.S. marines died needlessly. I am a father of a former marine myself. When I remember that, I have great difficulty in contemplating reaching engagement with such a person. I am sure, because of his own personal experiences, Prime Minister Rabin has even more difficulty.  But Prime Minister Rabin has gone forward. He knows that continued confrontation with Syria will just bring more attacks, more deaths, more suffering. He knows that. In order to create a world in which Israeli children can grow up without guns all around them, without the prospect of new attacks, he swallows his anger.  Madam President, as angry as I feel towards President Assad, I know that my anger is mild compared to that of Prime Minister Rabin. But in order to have peace, you do not negotiate with your friends, you negotiate with your enemies. It has always been that way. We Americans have always yearned for peace in the Middle East. Prime Minister Rabin is working for peace, and I for one applaud him.  Madam President, I see others in the Chamber seeking recognition, so I yield the floor.  