President, we have before us, as the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee has said, the foreign operations conference report. It is not the conference report I would have liked to have written as a bill. I suspect it is probably not precisely the conference report that the Senator from Kentucky would have liked to have written. It is, however, the best that we could do in not only a very difficult budget climate but one in which there are probably more tugs and pulls, philosophical, ideological, and policy, on the Committee on Foreign Operations than I have seen in many a year.  The bill, incidentally, is $130 million below the level that was passed overwhelmingly, by a 5-to-1 margin, in the Senate on September 21. I wish in this case we could have maintained the Senate level because it is a very small price to pay for American leadership abroad. We find we can easily spend billions and billions of dollars going in either as peacekeeping forces or military forces when there are troubles abroad, but we cannot spend a tiny, tiny fraction of that to help avoid those troubles beginning in the first place.  I do wish to commend Senator McConnell for his efforts to get this bill through the conference and to the President's desk. We had a very lengthy meeting. I think we went to about midnight or so on our committee of conference ironing out all but the one issue, the issue that is before this body in true disagreement, and in fact in this case that is on international family planning. I will have an amendment to reinstate the Senate position. I will do that for myself and for Senator Kassebaum and for others, and to go back to the Senate position. I will do that after we pass the conference report, which I fully expect will be passed.  That amendment, which I will then offer, will simply reaffirm what the Senate is already on record doing. In fact, the President has made it very clear that he will veto this bill unless we fix this one provision, the item that is in disagreement.  So in this case we did the best we could. I feel that we are not meeting many of our international commitments, and I would just close with this thought. We all take great joy at seeing the cold war ending. Every one of us, if we travel abroad, like saying we are Americans, without saying it here at home. The fact is we are the most powerful nation history has ever known. We are the largest economy history has ever known. But with that comes certain responsibilities. Frankly, we have backed off on these responsibilities worldwide. Other countries have picked up on them.  Japan spends not only as part of their budget but more in actual dollars in areas of foreign aid than we do. That is not all done out of altruism. They have found that as they have helped the economies of a number of developing countries, these developing countries then buy goods from Japan; their exports go up while our exports are going down. They create more jobs in Japan while we lose jobs in America. Why? Because they are willing to invest in the future economies of some of these countries. We do not want to invest the pennies in the future economies of some of these countries even though it creates dollars and dollars and dollars here in the United States. We do not want to spend the pennies to create some of the jobs and the economic benefits in some of these developing countries even though we will create far more jobs in the United States, even though all of us know that as exports go up it is one of the single greatest boons to our economy here in the United States.  Instead, we let this export business go to other countries. We let these jobs go to other countries. We do not show that kind of leadership.  We are not doing enough to stop wars and internal struggles worldwide even though we know that we will get sucked into them eventually and spend a heck of a lot more after the fact. It is kind of like preventive medicine. We do not want to spend the money on preventive medicine but, by gosh, we come in with troops to take care of the costs in the emergency room afterward. Well, there are going to be a lot of emergency rooms worldwide, and the most powerful nation on Earth is going to be called upon. Maybe we ought to start doing a little preventive medicine. It is going to cost us a lot less in the long run. It is going to be far more important to our national security, and it is going to improve our own economy.  With that, Mr. President, I would ask for the regular order.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.  