I have suggested over and over again on this floor as one who reveres the Constitution, I worry very much when we add anything to the Constitution at all, but I especially worry when we add supermajorities.  This is not a case, when we have matters involving great disasters, where somehow we slip in here in the dead of night and pass them. One of the things I cherish about the House and Senate is that they are open to the public and the press at every hour when we are in session. People can see, especially with television, exactly what we vote on and how we vote on it. That is, of course, as it should be.  But my concern on supermajorities again is what Alexander Hamilton said when he spoke: ``Hence, tedious delays; continual negotiations and intrigue; contemptible compromises of the public good.''  Madam President, I have managed more bills on the floor of the Senate, I believe, than anybody who is presently on the floor. I have managed a number of major bills, including disaster bills. I know by the time we come to the floor, there have been all kinds of negotiations or other steps before the bill even gets here on the floor. Sometimes it has been joked that more legislation gets passed in the Cloakrooms or the elevators than on the floor.  But the fact of the matter is on a major bill you have Senators of both parties and members of the administration going back and forth negotiating what might be done. Those negotiations would be seen in an entirely different light if anybody involved in them knows whatever you have to do requires a supermajority.  I have won close elections and I have won landslide elections. I have been fortunate that every single time I have run for office in my native State I have gotten more votes than I did the time before. I appreciate that kind of trust that the people of Vermont have shown.  I also remember the statement of my father, God rest his soul, that it is better to win by one vote than lose by a landslide. But what he was doing was referencing that under our system of democracy one vote makes you a majority.  In a country that has seen the benefits of adhering to democratic principles of majority votes, we should be always very, very hesitant when we do anything to change the requirement of just a majority vote and especially hesitant to write it into that sacred covenant, our Constitution.  So I hope we will think back to what Alexander Hamilton said. As we stand here almost in indecent haste, wanting to amend our Constitution, think of a little bit of history. Think of a little bit of history.  We have only amended the Constitution 17 times since the Bill of Rights. Already in this session alone there have been about 75 proposals to amend it. Somehow this country, this great, wonderful, powerful democracy, the model democracy for the world, has been able to survive for 200 years with only 17 amendments after the Bill of Rights. Somehow since the elections of November the country has gone to such hell in a hand basket because we now need 75 new proposals to amend the Constitution.  Madam President, I do not believe that is happening. My State was not one of the Thirteen Original--it was the 14th State. But I know people in my own State feel we should go slowly in making changes.  I yield to the Senator from California.  