President, I intend to vote against the State Department authorization bill and I want to briefly explain why. But before I do, I want to commend the Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, for the herculean efforts he made to resolve an impasse that has prevented confirmation of over a dozen American ambassadors as well as Senate ratification of the Start II treaty.  Senator Kerry believes, as I do, that the foreign policy apparatus of this country needs reform. There is duplication, lack of coordination, and money has been wasted. I know the compromise we are voting on today reflects his best effort to address these problems, without doing grievous damage to the agencies that administer foreign policy.  But while I commend Senator Kerry for the thankless job of bringing to closure the tedious and often acrimonious negotiations over this legislation, I will vote against this bill because I do not believe that blackmail should be rewarded in the U.S. Senate. I will also vote no because although this managers' amendment is a significant improvement over the bill as reported by the Foreign Relations Committee, I believe it will weaken U.S. diplomacy, not strengthen it.  Senator Sarbanes has spoken eloquently on this and I want to associate myself with his remarks. What we have seen is the immobilization of the Foreign Relations Committee for the better part of this year. The fact that there has not been a foreign aid authorization bill since the mid-1980's has not made any difference. But the committee does have certain important responsibilities, including ambassadorial nominations and reporting treaties for ratification.  I could list any number of Foreign Service officers who serve this country every day with incredible professionalism and bravery. Yet because the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee could not force the Senate to support his effort to eviscerate portions of the foreign policy apparatus of the U.S. Government, he refused to permit the committee to carry out functions that are crucial to this country. It has caused countless problems for both American foreign policy, and American citizens who have needed assistance overseas.  There are other problems with this bill which do not merit our support. It contains authorization levels that will cause grave problems for U.S. leadership and U.S. representation overseas. It requires deep cuts in the operating expenses of the foreign policy agencies, including U.S. AID, in our contributions to the United Nations, and in our foreign exchange programs.  In conference, it is a virtual certainty that the bill will get worse, not better. Senator Sarbanes has already pointed out that the same people who favor slashing resources for diplomacy voted to add $7 billion to the defense budget, over and above the quarter of a trillion dollars requested. This entire bill authorizes less than that increase to the defense bill.  Senator Kerry's efforts resulted in significant improvements in the bill that was originally reported by the committee. I also want to say that I do not question the motives of the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. I agree with his goal to cut the cost of these agencies, and to reduce unnecessary bureaucracy. They need streamlining. But I cannot agree with these methods.  I vote to reject them, not reward them.  