President, I rise in strong support for the amendment offered by the distinguished Senator from New Jersey. This amendment makes sense. It restores $21 billion in cuts over the next 7 years in the earned income tax credit in the Senate Republican budget resolution. Like their cuts in Medicare and education, the Republican's cuts in this tax credit are short-sighted and wrong.  At a time when many working Americans are struggling to make ends meet, the Senate Republican budget plan would hike taxes on low-income workers by as much as $350 a year. It would repeal the final phase of the earned income tax credit expansion enacted as part of the 1993 budget act, and it would repeal the earned income tax credit for workers without a child  I do not understand the desire to cut the earned income tax credit. Ronald Reagan, a President that I did not always agree with, had it right when it came to the earned income tax credit. President Reagan called the earned income tax credit: ``the best antipoverty, the best pro-family, the best job-creation measure to come out of Congress.''  President Reagan was right. This tax credit does reward low-income Americans for working. It makes a huge difference for families struggling to pay the rent and buy food for their kids.  The tax credit is available to low-income workers only. If you do not work, you do not get the credit. The credit starts phasing out at $11,000 for families with children and at $5,000 for workers without children. It ends for families with two children at $25,296, families with one child at $23,755, and workers with no children at $9,000.  In my home State of Vermont, the earned income tax credit has been a big success making work pay for low-income workers.  In 1993, 25,279 working Vermonters benefited from the earned income tax credit. Under the Senate Republican budget resolution, however, the earned income tax credit in Vermont would be cut by $29 million over the next 7 years. The Treasury Department estimates this cut would increase taxes on 20,156 working Vermonters by an average of $1,433 per taxpayer over the next 7 years.  Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim that these cuts are necessary because of some fraudulent claims involving the earned income tax credit. But that argument is more than a little disingenuous.  An IRS study has found some error rates in the credit, but the Clinton administration has responded aggressively to address this problem. Specifically, the administration has developed 12 measures to ensure simplicity and verifiability of the earned income tax credit. And the IRS is now matching social security numbers with tax returns to further verify credit takers.  The Senate Republican budget resolution, however, contains only one of the administration's antifraud proposals. Instead of adopting the administration's antifraud proposals or other antifraud measures, this budget resolution simply cuts the tax credit. In fact, this budget resolution cuts the earned income tax credit by $21 billion over the next 7 years because it's a quick way to collect budget-cutting dollars at the expense of a constituency that rarely votes--the working poor.  Cutting the earned income tax credit and raising taxes on the working poor is exactly the wrong thing to do now. Unfortunately, we are suffering through an era of stagnant wage growth. Just last month, the Department of Labor reported that median weekly earnings of nonsupervisory workers rose just 1.9 percent over the past year. While at the same time, consumer prices rose 2.8 percent.  And last year just continued the losing trend of the 1980's. During the 1980's, the gap between the rich and poor grew faster in the United States than anywhere else in the Western world. According to an April 1995 study by Prof. Edward Wolff of New York University, three-quarters of the income gains during the 1980's and 100 percent of the increased wealth went to the top 20 percent of families. The remaining 80 percent of U.S. families lost in real wage power.  Workers are treading water or worse against the rising tide of inflation. Now is not the time to cut a tax credit that rewards the poor for working, Instead, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to restore the earned income tax credit.  