President, I would like to discuss briefly with the chairman some of the funding included in this bill. Together we have made an effort to eliminate earmarks within the bill. There is no way to accommodate the many projects that Senators requested. One way to treat every State fairly is to provide no earmarks, and instead set programmatic budget priorities.  I have worked to improve the budget process by focusing on programs within the administration's budget rather than add-ons and earmarks. We cannot simultaneously address the deficit program and continue to add new programs. I have worked with the agencies to craft budgets that make sense to the State of Vermont and address national issues that are worthy of Federal support.  In that respect, I wish to clarify my understanding of the budget's treatment of several programs and projects that are important to the agencies and important to the State of Vermont. At the time the budget was presented, the Interior Department provided information to me which indicated that the Lake Champlain Basin initiative was continued in the budgets of the Geological Survey and the National Park Service at approximately the fiscal year 1995 levels--$222,000 and $250,000 respectively--and that there was approximately $600,000 in the Fish and Wildlife Service Budget for these purposes. In addition, the Connecticut River Valley ecosystem project was slated to receive approximately $1,005,000 in the FWS budget for the Conte Refuge, and that the Park Service intended to allocate $250,000 for this effort. The Fish and Wildlife Service would also participate in efforts to protect the resources of these ecosystems through investments in endangered species management and private lands wetlands restoration.  Mr. President, while no specific earmarks restating what was included in the budget were provided in the committee report, I hope the chairman would extend his agreement that the agencies should follow through on their commitment to continue these initiatives, roughly at the levels assumed in the budget. The budget levels were essentially a continuation of the prior year level of effort, and my objective is to see that the initiatives continue. Obviously, if there were reductions in any of the budget line items where these programs are funded, these initiatives would have to bear their fair share of any such reductions. However, for the most part, under the leadership of the chairman, the operating accounts of the land management agencies have been pretty well protected, and the agencies should be able to follow through on the indications provided by the Department.  