 As I speak, American troops are being deployed in Bosnia. They represent us in seeking to help secure the peace and put an end to the atrocities that have for too long plagued the people of that region. They serve to defend our national interest and to protect our liberties in a troubled part of the world.  Every Senator who came to this floor during our marathon session yesterday debating the deployment of our troops pledged support for them. That support should not end when they return out of harms' way. They deserve our continuing support and appreciation, just as the veterans of World War II, the Korean war, the Vietnam war, and those who have been deployed on our behalf in conflicts and missions around the world deserve our respect and support. The troops being deployed in Bosnia will be tomorrow's veterans.  I am also struck by the fact that we are only now proceeding with our work on the funding for veterans' programs. Although we are now in December, well past all statutory deadlines for appropriations bills, two months' past the beginning of the fiscal year, and fast approaching the expiration of our second continuing resolution, we are still without an appropriations bill for veterans' programs.  I must note that when we considered that bill initially in the Senate, Senator Rockefeller offered an amendment, which I cosponsored, to restore more than $500 million that had been cut from the Veteran Administration's medical care account. The Senate rejected our effort. We tried, unsuccessfully, to protect exempt service-connected veterans benefits from further cuts to balance the budget. We wanted to preserve and protect the benefits we provide our veterans, who were there when this Nation asked for their service.  We could not get support from enough of our Senate colleagues. If my colleagues are truly interested in our veterans, let them join us in our efforts to increase funding for veterans medical research. Let us provide the quality physicians needed in the veterans health care system. Let us fund the work that is so desperately needed in digestive diseases, prosthetics, lung cancer, diabetes and geriatrics. Last year, the President answered our call when, in response to a letter from me cosigned by 41 of my Senate colleagues, he increased his request for funds for veterans medical research to $257 million.  Join us by restoring the two new Veteran Administration hospitals that are so needed in California and Florida, but that are eliminated in this conference report. Join us by melting the ``freeze'' on veterans programs that the Republican budget would enact and that would result in the closing of 35 veterans hospitals nationwide.  We all want to be patriotic and show respect for our veterans. Let us remember the words of Abraham Lincoln that are chiseled on a plaque at the Veterans Administration building just a few blocks from the Capitol: ``To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan.'' Let us use our votes when they really count on behalf of our veterans by restoring their benefits and protecting their medical services.  The final irony is that this is the week that we debated and voted upon a proposed constitutional amendment that would have restricted the Bill of Rights for the first time in our history. That effort failed and I detailed the reasons for my vote in a prior statement. For all those who voted in favor of the constitutional amendment on flag desecration and said that they did so in order to respond to the wishes of our veterans, I hope that they will show the respect and support that our veterans deserve by raising their voices and using their votes on behalf of our veterans by restoring their benefits and protecting their medical services.  