President, I favor the Dorgan amendment, and I wish to commend Senator Dorgan and Senator Thurmond for what they have done. I believe, and I have stated before, here and in the Judiciary Committee, that we have to allow the Department of Justice, our most expert competition agency, to play a more significant role, not just consulting, in deciding whether a Bell company entry into long distance or manufacturing threatens competition in those markets.  Go back to the 1982 consent decree that broke up Ma Bell and separated the Bell companies from AT&T. That took 10 years to litigate and conclude. The decree, the modified final judgment, took all these years of antitrust litigation, required a restructuring of the market, and led to significant consumer confusion.  Rather than relegate the Justice Department to a consulting role, if we design a proper role for that expert agency up front, we can avoid this kind of costly and time-consuming litigation from happening again. Let us handle it right from the start and not come in after the fact when the cure can sometimes create a new set of problems.  What this bill does, unless amended, is say, ``We hope the checklist of unbundling and interconnection requirements works to unlock the local loop to competition.'' We all hope that. But what if it does not work? What if the checklist is not long enough to ensure that the local monopoly power of the Bell companies is broken and competition can develop?  If the checklist does not work, under the bill the Justice Department has to clean up the mess. They have to clean it up after the fact, instead of having any say before the fact--after the Bell company has already gotten into long distance and used its monopoly power to stifle potential competitors who need the Bell companies' pipeline to our homes and businesses.  The cleanup after the fact could take years of litigation, just as the prior case that ended with the MFJ took years. The cleanup may require a restructuring of companies, just as the prior case against Ma Bell resulted in spinning off AT&T from the Bell companies. Then, of course, the cleanup could well confuse consumers. I well recall the press and the outrage in the public when they questioned the wisdom of what Judge Greene did in 1982 and whether the breakup would hurt the public and our telephone service.  We have the opportunity to avoid the mess.  As former appellate judge, Robert Bork, recently pointed out, without a Justice Department role in applying a ``standard with teeth,'' allowing the Bell companies into long-distance service and equipment manufacturing, taking the course envisioned by this bill ``would result in even more litigation and regulatory disputes than there were prior to the decree.''  We are sometimes accused of passing a lawyers relief act in some of these pieces of legislation which we consider. This bill, if passed without the amendment, would certainly be a bonanza for lawyers and economists as regulatory disputes proliferated before State and Federal agencies and lawsuits were filed charging discrimination, theft of intellectual property and predation in violation of section 2 of the Sherman Act. I think Judge Bork is right on this.  We should minimize this litigation quagmire by having the Justice Department, with its 25 years of expertise, look at the competitive impact of Bell company entry into the long-distance and manufacturing markets.  The MFJ left the Bell companies with local exchange monopolies, which persist today. To protect consumers, those Bell company monopolies are regulated. Line-of-business restrictions were imposed on the Bell companies. This was to make sure they did not use their controlling monopoly over the local phone service and the pipeline to the home to harm consumers or to gain unfair advantage over the competitors in the long-distance, manufacturing, and information services markets. Any of those regulations could be removed upon a showing by the Bell company that there is no substantial possibility that it could use its monopoly power to impede competition in the particular market it is seeking to enter. This is the so-called VIII(c) test.  The test has been tried, and it actually works. The Bell companies, of course, have their own reasons to believe VIII(c) is overregulatory. But they have been able to satisfy the test in the past and get into information and other services, and do so without harming consumers.  The MFJ's VIII(c) test is not even as strong as another test to which one Bell company agreed in March of this year. Ameritech reached a landmark agreement with the Justice Department, and they agreed to an actual competition test. We ought to look at that. Ameritech thought this was an appropriate test for a temporary trial waiver of the long-distance restriction. We are not talking about anything temporary here in this bill, but legislation with a far greater degree of permanence.  In discussions in which I have been involved, our colleagues are working out the differences so the Thurmond-Dorgan amendment can protect competition. I think that is important because the amendment provides a certainty that the Bell companies claim they want.  Having the Justice Department apply the Clayton Act test that is going to be outlined in the amendment, I believe, would complement the competitive checklist in the bill. The Justice Department would make sure that, in addition to the checklist being met and the Bell companies having taken the basic steps necessary to permit local competition to develop, in fact, those steps are working.  The bottom line is that with the existing monopoly hold that the Bells still have on local exchanges, the Department of Justice should review the competitive impact of Bell company entry into long distance. Otherwise, the choices that consumers have in [[Page S8142]] services provided over their phoneline may go down, but the prices they pay for those services may go up. We should make sure that this legislation does not produce that kind of result.  Let us have a competitive environment in telecommunications and take steps to deregulate.  Mr. President, we have had remarkable changes in telecommunications just in the years that I have been here in the Senate. I have seen changes from competition which has brought down prices of long distance.  We have witnessed competition that we did not use to see, which now allows anyone who wants to go and buy equipment off the shelf--equipment for everything from teleconferencing to video conferencing, that we were told by the telephone companies, when they had a complete monopoly, was not available--to do so. It was available in every other country. It just was not available in the United States. Once we started to get some real competition, all of a sudden it started showing up here.  We do conference calls from home. We have automatic dialing in our equipment. We have speaker phones. We own our equipment. We do not have to go to one telephone company to buy it or rent it month by month anymore. It was competition that did that.  Rather than encouraging monopolies, we should ensure the competition that will help all of us.  I use the Internet all the time. I will be speaking about an aspect of that a little later on. But I use the Internet all the time. I do town meetings on the Internet. I have a home page. My State uses it. I have one petition that involves legislation of mine which got 10,000 or 20,000 names and electronic letters from all over the country in a matter of days.  These are the things that we did not have just a few years ago. They are extremely important to all of us. I know the distinguished Presiding Officer uses the Internet. We have various services now that provide access to it. We should be encouraging that kind of thing.  Can you imagine, Mr. President, had the Internet, for example, been controlled by just one source, one company, one gatekeeper? Does anybody believe it would have advanced as far as it has, even with its problems? Some parts of it have worked very well, and some parts do not work very well. It would not have happened, had we not had openness and competition.  By the same token, do you think any one of us who have in-the-home telephones and can program numbers into it and have automatic dialing or speaker phones or call forwarding built into our phones would have them without competition? That is what this is all about.  I commend the Senator from North Dakota and the senior Senator from South Carolina and all others who have worked on this important amendment. I am glad I have had a chance to work with them. I think we are going to have a decent solution and a good compromise in the amendment.  With that, Mr. President, I do not know who else may be seeking the floor, so I am going to yield the floor in just a moment.  I see the Senator from Nebraska on his feet. I will yield the floor.  