I will assure the Senator from Arizona and the Democratic leader that when they are getting close to that I will yield immediately for them to make the request again.  Basically the point is a very serious point. I do not want to make motions on this or other reconciliation bills. I do so only reluctantly. But this is such a major change in the antitrust law to be tucked in here absent hearings, absent debate, and absent votes. I think is wrong.  For those Members of the Senate who are here, when we talked about the Byrd rule in the first place, it was specifically for this. We are talking about a reconciliation bill that goes past the normal debate rules of the Senate. I see the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia on the floor. I think he would be the first to agree regarding this reconciliation.   The budget reconciliation conference report would cast aside the per se rule, and override the Maricopa decision for provider groups and provider-sponsored organizations or PSOs. Members of provider groups, such as doctors, would not be required to share financial risk in order to avoid per se treatment when they collectively set fees at which they provide services. Instead, these loose-knit groups would merely have to meet a checklist of criteria to qualify for the special treatment.  None of the group requirements is a substitute for the antitrust law's requirement of meaningful, shared risk. Under the language of the conference report the members need only be part of a group that ``is funded in part by capital contributions made by the members.'' This is no substitute for the shared risk required of a joint venture under antitrust law.  Nor would members of PSOs be required to share financial risk under currently governing law in order to avoid per se treatment under traditional analysis. Instead, they are provided their own special antitrust rule in subsection (e) by which ``affiliated'' providers need share, ``directly or indirectly,'' barely a majority financial interest in the PSO. So long as the providers, who would otherwise be competitors, meet the indirect affiliation provisions of the bill, they will be allowed to exchange information ``relating to costs, sales, profitability, marketing, prices, or fees for any health care product or service.''  These provisions each require the antitrust enforcement agencies to conduct a resource-intensive analysis of the ``properly defined market'' in order to challenge conduct that normally would be swiftly condemned as price fixing. Given limited enforcement resources, this change in law inevitably would mean that some anticompetitive activities will go unprosecuted. Could it be that this explains the doctors' lobby's insistence on inclusion of this provision in the conference report?  The provisions regarding the provider groups admittedly have to revenue or savings effect for deficit reduction purposes. The provisions regarding the PSOs did not have a score until, miraculously, just before this debate was about to being.  Neither set of special rules is integral to Medicare reform. Although defended as a means to encourage provider-sponsored health plans as an alternative to insurers, no such special antitrust treatment is needed to promote Medicare reform.  Provider networks already exist without any special antitrust rule. According to industry statistics, 20 percent of all PPOs and 15 percent of all HMOs are provider-owned. A survey by Modern Healthcare showed that in 1994, without a special antitrust rule, over 9 million people were enrolled in provider-owned PPOs. In addition, many other provider-sponsored managed care plans are being developed or planned without the enactment of a special antitrust rule. The Physician Payment Review Commission concluded in its 1995 Report to Congress that the available information did not indicate a significant problem of antitrust laws impeding the development of provider-sponsored managed care plans. The PPRC Report noted press accounts indicating that many physician-sponsored networks are in the process or formation and that ``three-fourths of state medical societies are either contemplating or are actually in the process of establishing physician-sponsored networks.''  Finally, in the past 2 years the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice have issued literally dozens of staff advisory opinions approving the proposed development of provider-sponsored networks.  The Senate bill contains no such provisions. In debate on our bill, Senator Frist expressly noted the absence of a Senate provision like proposed section 1853(f). Senator Hatch spoke to the ``creative tension'' in the health care delivery system involving providers and insurers, and noted Senate consideration of the `` antitrust requirements in current law.'' He concluded that the Senate bill, which had no such special antitrust rule, met the goals of providing real health care choices while making sure that there is accountability. Thus, no special antitrust rule was considered necessary when the Senate debated its Medicare reform package in its budget reconciliation bill a short time ago.  These provisions threaten significant injury to competition outside the Medicare program. By allowing competing providers to share information about ``costs, sales, profitability, marketing, prices, or fees'' and to agree on prices in the context of MedicarePlus, the exemption is likely to have the effect of dampening competition among those same providers for non-MedicarePlus business. For this reason among others, special antitrust rules of this type are opposed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Business Coalition on Health, the National Manufacturers Association, the ERISA Industry Committee, the Business Roundtable, the APPWP--The Benefits Association, and the National Association of Attorneys General.  No language--and certainly not the fig leaf provided in proposed section 1853(f)(1)(B)(ii), which purports to limit the information exchanged among providers affiliated with a PSO to having not been used for any other purpose than to establish the PSO--can effectively prevent against this spillover effect.  Once putative competitors are authorized by statute to share information about ``costs, sales, profitability, marketing, prices'' and fees and to agree on prices for MedicarePlus, they cannot and will not be able to ignore that knowledge they already possess when it comes to setting their prices for others.  Providers who agree on prices to be demanded from PSOs or as PSOs may implicitly agree to adhere to similar prices with respect to other activities or moderate their competitive behavior based on the knowledge gained thereby. Once competing providers have met to negotiate their fees, the information they have exchanged and the understandings they have reached would likely spill over into their other dealings and into non-MedicarePlus areas in which health care services ought to be governed by competitive forces.  Thus, Gail R. Wilensky, Ph.D., the Chair of the Physician Payment Review Commission, recently testified on September 22, 1995, before the House Ways and Means Committee on Medicare Reform that ``even if a change (in the antitrust laws) applies only to the Medicare market, it may be difficult to keep potentially anticompetitive practices from spilling into other markets served by the networks.''  We do not need to enact such provisions and certainly should not do so as part of budget reconciliation. I object and trust my colleagues will not approve such changes in our antitrust laws without proper analysis, justification, study or debate.  