President, I compliment my friends on the other side of the aisle for their strong support of a balanced budget. I just wish they had that same strong support during the eighties. Instead, they strongly supported President Reagan as he tripled our national debt. If they did not give strong support then, we would not have the difficulty getting a balanced budget today.  Mr. President, I fear the Republican congressional leadership and the President are heading for a train wreck on the budget, a wreck that is going to force the entire Government to abruptly stop this fall.  I think a bipartisan summit of the budget is needed, something building on the spirit of cooperation we saw in New Hampshire with President Clinton and Speaker Newt Gingrich on taxes, welfare reform, entitlement reform, spending reductions and the time it is going to take to get a balanced budget. It will be a tough and difficult summit, but it would be worthwhile.  I think both Republicans and Democrats agree we have to consolidate unnecessary Government programs, reform welfare, control Medicare and Medicaid spending. We may disagree on the details, but we know it has to be done.  In 1990, a President and the Congress of a different party failed to reach an agreement, and we had to shut down the Federal Government for almost a week. Social Security recipients, students, farmers, millions of others were hurt by it. Nothing was accomplished. The same thing is going to happen this fall if we do not get together.  I think it is time to put our political differences aside and come together on a budget summit before the crisis. I think once we get the budget on solid footing, then let everybody run for President.  Just a few weeks ago, we saw a brief glimpse of bipartisan cooperation. In New Hampshire, President Clinton and House Speaker Gingrich actually sat down together to discuss their differences on a wide range of important issues--without 15-second sound bites aimed at scoring cheap political points.  And 2 weeks ago, President Clinton laid out a 10-year blueprint to balance the budget and called for bipartisan cooperation to reach some compromise with Republican congressional leaders.  Unfortunately, the Republican congressional leadership rejected the President's offer to a bipartisan solution to balancing the Federal budget. This budget conference agreement completely ignored all of the President's recommendations.  This deal makes a bad budget even worse. It is not a compromise, but a much more extreme budget than the Senate-approved resolution.  Nearly 60 percent of the total projected savings of this so-called compromise plan come from cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. These Medicare and Medicaid cuts will pay for a tax cut package of $245 billion--$75 billion more than the Senate-approved budget--over the next 7 years.  This tax cut package includes a $500- per-child tax credit for families making up to $200,000 a year. But this credit is not available for poor families that do not make enough money to pay taxes.  This agreement cuts Medicare by $14 billion more than the Senate-approved budget over the next 7 years.  This means Vermont will lose over $350 million in Medicare funding over this time.  Split equally between beneficiaries and providers, the average Vermont senior will pay about $2,000 more out-of-pocket over the next 7 years.  This budget deal also makes deeper cuts in Medicaid, which provides medical care for our most needy citizens. The so-called compromise would cut Vermont Medicaid funding by over $300 million over the next 7 years.  These cuts come at a time when Vermont is working on a plan to cover more uninsured Vermonters through expanded Medicaid coverage. As a Vermonter, I am afraid these cuts could jeopardize Vermont's plan. Vermont is moving in the right direction while this budget deal takes the country in reverse.  I fear that the Republican congressional leadership and the President are heading for a train wreck on the budget--a wreck that will force the entire government to an abrupt halt this fall.  An immediate bipartisan summit on the budget is needed, building on the spirit of cooperation established by President Clinton and Speaker Gingrich in New Hampshire.  For a summit to succeed, everything must be on the table: Taxes, health care reform, entitlement reform, further spending reductions, and the time it will take to get to a balanced budget.  Such a summit will be a grueling, sometimes acrimonious encounter. But anyone who has studied the various blueprints can see the outlines of an agreement--providing there is the political will.  Both Republicans and Democrats agree that we must consolidate unnecessary Government programs, reform welfare, and control Medicare and Medicaid spending. We may now disagree on some of the details for accomplishing these goals, but that is why we need a bipartisan summit--to hammer out the details of a compromise.  Until now, both sides share the blame for the fix we find ourselves in. This year's budget debate has been just partisan bickering.  Congressional Republicans did not seek cooperation from the Democrats, and Democrats in turn, almost unanimously opposed the budget resolution. Party-line votes, unfortunately, are nothing new in Washington budget debates.  When Democrats controlled the majority, the same thing happened. Democrats did not reach out to Republicans, and not a single Republican in the House or Senate voted for the 1993 budget bill.  In 1990, a President and Congress of different parties failed to reach a bipartisan agreement on the budget.  The result was a shutdown of the Federal Government for almost a week: This hurt Social Security recipients, students who relied on Federal loans, farmers who relied on Federal support programs, and millions of others.  Luckily, the Government shutdown did not last long enough to imperil our air traffic control system or meat inspections.  I foresee the same thing happening this fall--but with the potential for a far longer and more acrimonious stalemate.  Before adopting a more conciliatory tone in New Hampshire, Newt Gingrich was issuing partisan ultimatums.  He recently told Business Week, his strategy of forcing President Clinton's hand: ``The appropriations bills--if you don't sign them, there is no government. Which of the two of us do you think would be more worried by that?''  Just yesterday, House Budget Committee Chairman Kasich said that a Government shutdown this fall ``would give the best explainers on Capital Hill'' a chance to make the case for the Republican budget plan.  Shutting down the Government is an attempt to score political points will only bring more scorn of our political system.  It is time to put our political differences aside and come together in a bipartisan budget summit--before the crisis.  I still hope that Democrats and Republicans can work out a more reasonable plan than the budget before us. A budget that would cut out agricultural subsidies for wealthy absentee farmers, cut out wasteful projects like the space station and B-2 bomber, but out tax loopholes, and look at entitlement reform.  Once we get the budget on a solid footing, there will be plenty of time for a Presidential campaign next year.  