President, providing funds for our national defense is one of the most important functions we in Congress are entrusted with. I take with particular seriousness my duties on the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, since we provide taxpayer dollars for weapons, people, and training.  I have the deepest respect for our subcommittee chairman, Senator Stevens, and for our ranking member, Senator Inouye. For many years, whether the Congress is controlled by Republicans or Democrats, the heads of this subcommittee have provided reasoned, nonpartisan leadership on defense issues.  This bill will spend $6.9 billion more than the President's request at a time when virtually every other discretionary spending account is being cut. I would support this expenditure if there were an imminent threat to the Nation, of if there were some glaring deficiency in our defenses. Neither of those conditions have been met, in my judgment. While we are cutting Medicare, school loans, and veterans benefits, this bill spends $493 million for more B-2 bombers that the President didn't request and that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Air Force Chief of Staff say they do not want. Twenty more B-2's will cost us $31 billion, and there are no funds in our 5-year defense plan for these planes. This program is questionable from a defense perspective, and especially irresponsible in the larger context of our pursuit of a balanced budget.  I was also disappointed that the House conferees were successful in including restrictions on a woman's right to choose an abortion at Department of Defense medical facilities. This provision has no place on an appropriations bill and I am saddened that the Senate has accepted this provision in conference.  There are other aspects of this bill that I disagree with, but the increased funding, additional B-2 bomber procurement, and antiabortion language caused me to respectfully disagree with my chairman and ranking member, and to vote against this conference report.  