President, I am glad to be a cosponsor of Senator Snowe's amendment which is the exact language of S. 412 regarding bottled water quality standards. Like many other enterprises from heart surgery to hang-gliding, the bottled water industry needs nationwide regulations that ensure the quality of its product.  The Food and Drug Administration [FDA] has been very slow in issuing regulations that guarantee a particular standard of quality. In fact, the FDA has lagged behind the Environmental Protection Agency [EPA], sometimes by a matter of several years. The net result is that some water companies can legally distribute water that is less healthy than ordinary tap water. This is bad for consumers, bad for honest businesses, and underscores one of the reasons why our Nation is supportive of regulated standards.  I am particularly interested in this amendment because of a Vermont business that has a clear interest in enforceable standards of quality. The Vermont Pure Springs Company of Randolph Center, VT, is one of the great success stories of Vermont's growing specialty food industry. Vermont Pure Springs produces, in my opinion, the best bottled water in the world--Vermont Pure Natural Spring Water. In fact, I invite each of my colleagues to stop by my office to taste this water--I keep about a dozen bottles of Vermont Pure water in my refrigerator.  Each bottle of Vermont Pure Natural Spring Water contains water that is naturally filtered through Vermont mountain rock strata for at least 12 to 20 years. Some of Vermont Pure Springs' competition comes from companies whose water is not only not as pure as Vermont Pure, but may in fact have pollutants that are illegal in tap water. Since its beginning in 1990, Vermont Pure Springs has been seeking the regulatory guidance in this amendment to ensure its water is known throughout the world and guaranteed by our Government as Vermont Pure.  The provisions of this bill ensure that whenever the Environmental Protection Agency issues new standards for drinking water, the FDA will have 180 days to issue regulations that address the same contaminants to the minimum standard required by the EPA. If the FDA does not issue formal regulations, the EPA drinking water standards apply to bottled water. In the case of EPA standards that have already been established and the FDA has not yet acted, the FDA has 1 year to act before the EPA standards automatically apply. This bill allows the FDA to hold bottled water to a stricter standard, but ensures that bottled water will be held to a minimal standards.  I appreciate the opportunity to consider this amendment today. I look forward to moving this particular legislation through Congress so that it may be signed by the President.  