President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Dan Glickman to be Secretary of Agriculture. Dan and I have worked together on four farm bills.  No matter how active or informed the members of the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry are, we cannot put together a good farm bill without an active administration. I know personally from speaking to the President that Dan Glickman has his confidence. Mr. Glickman has the President's mandate to develop a farm bill that makes sense for both rural Americans and the taxpayers of this country as a whole.  I know that Dan Glickman will be an ideal person to represent this administration as we try to develop farm policies that make sense for farmers, for consumers, for the environment, and for this country.  Dan Glickman was born in Wichita on November 24, 1944. He was first elected to Congress in 1976--just 2 years after I began my service in the Senate.  As a veteran of the House Agriculture Committee, he has mastered the arcane details of U.S. farm programs.  Again and again in his career he has fought to focus farm subsidies on low-and middle-income farmers and tried to increase Federal oversight of the commodity futures markets.  These are battles in which I am proud I was allied with him.  One of the things that I like best about Dan Glickman is his self-deprecating sense of humor. This was highlighted in a recent story in the New York Times. Mr. Glickman was joking about the Capitol's notorious reputation for abandoning those out of power. Mr. Glickman said, ``The only one working in the family now is our son and he won't take our calls.''  On the night of his election loss Congressman Glickman commented: ``I liken it to a bear market; sometimes the good stocks got hit every bit as much as the bad stocks. In this case, I think I was a good stock.''  Fortunately, for all of us, the stock market has shifted direction again. How high Dan Glickman's stock has risen again will be clear tonight when he is overwhelmingly approved by the Senate.  