And I thank Senator Moynihan and Senator Helms. I had wondered about a time limit. I did not know whether one had been entered into. I wanted to make sure.  Mr. President, I would like to speak to a number of amendments to be offered: the one by the distinguished Senator from North Carolina, Senator Helms, No. 2523; but also ones to be offered by Senator Ashcroft, No. 2562; Senator Shelby 2527; Senator McCain, No. 2542.  I realize we will be voting on all of these, but I will oppose them, and I know of others who may. I want to lay out my reasoning. I would start with the amendment of the distinguished Senator from North Carolina, No. 2523.  I oppose it because I believe that instead of encouraging people to work, it actually punishes hard-working Americans and it also punishes pregnant women. I know that the distinguished Senator from Indiana, Senator Lugar, chairman of the Agriculture Committee, which, of course, is the committee of jurisdiction over the food stamp program, strongly opposes the amendment of Senator Helms. In this case both the chairman and I, as ranking Member, join in opposing it.  In doing that, I want to lay out some basic facts. I want to remind everybody here that over 80 percent of food stamp benefits go to families with children. Over 90 percent go to families with children, the elderly or disabled.  Keep in mind where this is going. The average food stamp benefit is around 76 cents per meal, per person. And if you read this amendment, and follow it to its logical conclusion, it says if you work hard for 15 years, pay your taxes for 15 years, abide by the law for 15 years, but your factory closes, and you are taking more than a month to find another job--maybe the main employer in the whole area closes--you cannot get food stamp assistance after that time.  And even though you put all this money into your taxes, though you paid for the program for 15 years, you are out. The amendment looks back 30 days. If a person has not worked in the last 30 days they are denied food stamps.  Well, we all remember the earthquake in California, and hurricanes in Florida--these disasters caused major disruptions to employment. Or think of an area where you have one primary employer, say a large factory, that closes--you are going to take a lot more than 30 days to find a job. But if you have not worked in those last 30 days, even though you are out actively trying to find a job, you are denied food stamps.  Incidentally, the amendment makes no exception for women who are pregnant with their first child. If their employer goes out of business, these pregnant women must find another job or work for free for the county or the State before they get any food assistance. I do not think it is fair for pregnant women, and it certainly is not going to help their unborn child.  Now, my understanding is that Senators Lugar and Cochran agree with me that this amendment is not one to be supported, and it is not fair to hard-working Americans who play by the rules, the factory workers who are laid off and need some temporary food assistance. One of the reasons we have the food stamp program and why it is part of the safety net is because we cannot say, ``Too bad, go get a job. Then we will give you food stamps.'' It is a time when they are out looking for a job and cannot get a job that they need the food stamps. Usually if you are able to get a decent job, you are not eligible for food stamps anyway and you do not need them.  I think hard-working Americans deserve a better break than that. They should, of course, try to find work. Everybody should. But they should not be punished because their factory moved or they went out of business or they had to lay off employees.  There are an awful lot of people who have paid the cost of the food stamp program, and of every other program the Federal Government has been involved in from the Department of Defense to agriculture. Those people are going to be affected by this.   Now, the amendment by Senator Ashcroft, I oppose because of its affect on the elderly and disabled. Under the Ashcroft amendment, once anyone has received 24 months of assistance in their lifetime, they can no longer receive food stamps unless they are working. Elderly and disabled Americans may work very hard for decades and then become cut off from benefits by that amendment.  The amendment also denies States the right to make a decision, a decision that is offered in the bill by the distinguished majority leader, to choose whether to take a block grant or to participate in the food stamp program. Under Senator Ashcroft's amendment States no longer have that option. It is a mandatory block grant. Senator Dole's bill contains that option. And I agree with the handling of this by Senator Dole--States should not be forced to take block grants.  The amendment also imposes on States, whether they want it or not, an unfair formula for providing funds.  The formula penalizes those States that are growth States, especially those in the Sun Belt. It penalizes those States that face recessions. And I think every one of us knows that recessions often hit individual States harder than the country as a whole, and that each one of us have seen times when our State may be hit by a recession when other States are not.  During the last recession, my home State of Vermont was one of the first States affected by the recession.  Vermont suffered significant job losses throughout the recession. Just when Vermont would most need its food assistance, the amendment would say, ``Too bad. Have a hungry day.''  I think States should at least have the ability to decide whether to take that block grant, and this Congress should not impose it.  So I urge my colleagues to vote against the Ashcroft amendment, since it takes away the State's right to decide, it hurts the elderly and disabled, and it hurts some States at the expense of others.  Now let me speak to the third amendment offered by the distinguished Senator from Alabama, Senator Shelby. I strongly oppose this amendment. I believe it would lead to a huge increase in childhood hunger among low-income Americans. More and more children live in poverty in this country. But Senator Shelby's amendment takes food assistance away from low-income families and provides it to higher-income families who may not need the assistance.  The bill of the distinguished majority leader, the Senator from Kansas, already makes huge cuts in food stamp funding, but under the Shelby amendment to the Dole bill, a lot of the funds that are left would be diverted to higher income families. That means low-income children go hungry.  Again, remember what I said earlier, 80 percent of food stamp benefits go to families with children; 90 percent go to families with children, the elderly or the disabled. But in this case, the money is actually diverted to higher-income families.  Under the current law, just to explain this, food stamp benefits are carefully targeted to the most needy Americans. Almost all the benefits go to those who live in poverty. But under the Shelby amendment, much of the food stamp money can be diverted to benefit higher-income families.  It also allows States to divert substantial portions of the block grant away from food assistance.  That, in my mind, is enough reason to defeat the amendment, but there is something even worse. The funds are diverted in a manner that reduces work programs. The one thing I think we all agree on is to try to get people back to work. I know I want--and this has been my position for years--to get participants off food stamps and into the work force. But this amendment allows diversion of funds away from work-related activities that help create jobs and help get people back to work. It is counterproductive.  The best way to get families back on their feet is to help them find a job. We should not reduce job-search efforts or job training.  Lastly, Mr. President, I oppose the amendment of the distinguished Senator from Arizona, Senator McCain. The amendment would have some unusual, and I have to believe, unintended effects. Let us go back first to the bill of the majority leader. Under Senator Dole's bill, food stamp assistance could be used to provide subsidies to private employers to hire food stamp recipients. It is called wage supplementation. It has to be done carefully, but if it is done carefully, it can be a very good idea. Under Senator Dole's bill, corporations can use this Federal money to subsidize wages for up to 6 months. Then the employer has to decide, do you hire the person or let them go?  Senator McCain's amendment allows for a permanent subsidy for jobs for private employers. It takes money away from others who need help getting off food stamps and into the work force. We have already cut back the amount of money substantially in food stamps. So I oppose that amendment also.  Mr. President, none of these issues are easy when it comes to food stamps. There are improvements that can be made to the program. We have made some substantial ones over the years. One improvement that I strongly support--in fact, I have written an amendment to do this--is to get us as quickly as possible on to an EBT Program, an electronic benefits transfer program. It would save tens of millions of dollars in just the cost of printing and handling food stamps. We tend to forget that there are millions and millions and millions of dollars that are spent just in printing these coupons, in collecting them and storing them, and even millions in carefully destroying them.  Electronic benefits transfer would use a credit-card type of system, with the computer ability to say, if you have 46 dollars' worth of benefits, you know exactly where the $46 was spent, whether it was spent at a legitimate grocery store or fraudulently spent elsewhere.  Electronic benefits transfer would help us catch those who defraud the program. There are people in all parts of this country who are using this program, which was designed to help hungry children, the poor, the elderly, and the disabled, to rip off the taxpayers. We have had instances of stores, tiny little stores, that are doing hundreds of thousands of dollars of business a month on food stamps. It is obvious they are not selling that. They are a front to cash in these food stamps.  Under my plan, with electronic benefits transfer, we could find those stores more easily. We could identify them much more quickly. We could give the U.S. attorney far more evidence for prosecution. And, frankly, Mr. President, those who are defrauding the program in this way should go to jail. They should be taken off the program, the store should be taken off the program, the person using the food stamps should be barred from the program, and the person should be prosecuted and sent to jail.  I hear a lot of talk about what might prove to be a deterrent and what might not. I found during my years as a prosecutor nothing proved a better deterrent than the knowledge if you committed a crime you are going to do the time. I found the best deterrent was not to say, ``Oh, we have all these laws on the books, you potentially could get nailed for this.'' If people know they are not going to get caught, that does not make any difference.  I will give one example. I used to give to police officers at the police academy, when I was a prosecutor, a lecture. I said: You have two warehouses side by side, both filled with television sets. One is well lit and has an alarm system. It is going to notify the police immediately if there is a breakin. The other is down the street around the corner off the view of the main thoroughfare, has no lights around it, has an old lock and has no alarm system. Now, the penalty for breaking into those warehouses and stealing the television sets is exactly the same, whether you break into the one with the alarm system and well lit, or the one around the corner where nobody is going to see you and you get away with it. The law is exactly the same. The penalty is exactly the same. The answer, of course, is simple. You are going to break into the one where you think you will not get caught. The penalty was not the deterrent. The deterrent was that you might get caught, you might get prosecuted, you might go to jail. The same thing should be done with food stamp fraud.  If you are running a small store, some of which are about the size of our offices, and doing more food stamp business a month than a supermarket, and if you know you are going to go to jail, not just that you will be taken off the program and not allowed to sell, but you are going to go to jail if you do it, you are going to think twice about defrauding the program, especially if the Federal authorities have a new tool that gives the prosecution an ironclad ability to nail you. We must provide that tool.  We have to do that because there is one thing we have to remember: Those who commit fraud in the food stamp program are taking money from every American taxpayer, people who work very hard. Sometimes a husband and wife are holding down three jobs or four jobs between them just to pay the bills. They should not have to pay for those who are defrauding the system. For those of us who feel we should do something to help hungry children, it is also taking money away from them.  There are studies that show if we go to this, we could save $400 million over 10 years. Frankly, I would like to see us save even more, and I suspect we will.  It will not be just the paperwork where we will save money or the printing and collecting and distribution of paper coupons. We will save money by reducing fraud. I think the benefits will be enormous.  My amendment allows States the option to convert statewide to EBT. I sent a ``Dear Colleague'' letter Friday, before we went out, to all of the offices. I know each one of us eagerly awaits ``Dear Colleague'' letters so that we can read them before we do everything else. If there are any other Senators who just came back and have not had a chance, as I eagerly read all of yours, hopefully, they will read mine. This is a way to save money. I see the Senator from Mississippi.  I yield the floor.  