This amendment concludes an effort that he and I began last summer when I was still chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee and he was the ranking member. My colleagues will recall the excitement that enveloped this body at that time: Israeli Prime Minister Rabin and Jordanian King Hussein paid a joint visit to Capitol Hill and confirmed that they were making peace. I will never forget the shivers that ran down my spine as I listened to them speak and realized that the day that we had so long wished for had finally arrived. It was with enormous pride that I worked late at night with Senator McConnell and Congressman Obey in a last-minute drive to incorporate in our fiscal year 1995 appropriations bill a downpayment on debt relief for Jordan as a token of United States support for this wonderful, historic development.  That was just the beginning, however. In the space of just 2 months, far more quickly than anyone had predicted, the governments of Jordan and Israel completed negotiation of the formal peace agreement between their two countries. Come the end of October, I found myself with President Clinton witnessing the signing of that agreement on the Jordan-Israel border north of the Gulf of Aqaba. Once again, I found myself moved beyond words.  With the memories of that trip to the Middle East still fresh in my mind, I was pleased last month to see included in the administration's fiscal year 1996 budget request a proposal for a supplemental fiscal year 1995 appropriation to fund the remainder of the Jordan debt restructuring program that Congress authorized last summer. I was further pleased 10 days ago to receive a call from Secretary of State Christopher requesting my support for including $275 million for this effort in the defense supplemental appropriations bill now before the Senate. With the peace agreement signed and implementation proceeding vigorously, it is imperative that the United States move quickly to fulfill its promise and appropriate the funds required to complete the debt relief effort. I told Secretary Christopher that I would support this proposal enthusiastically.  Later that day, however, I received the details of the proposal and realized that there was one serious drawback to it: it would require that the bulk of the money--$225 million--for this effort come out of the funds that will be available in fiscal year 1996 for our other foreign assistance activities. In other words, in order to pay for our aid to Jordan, we would have to cut back significantly our aid to other countries and organizations. Mr. President, I worked all last week trying to find a [[Page S4058]] way to appropriate in full the $275 million for Jordan debt relief that is essential at this critical stage in the Middle East peace process, and at the same time avoid threatening serious harm to the rest of our foreign assistance programs. Unfortunately, the State Department advised me that any modification of the proposal would be interpreted in the Middle East as a retreat by the United States from its commitment to Jordan and its support for the peace process.  