Chairman, let me begin by commending the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership of the Committee on Science during this 104th Congress. Because we must balance the budget and restore financial discipline to the Federal Government, all discretionary accounts are experiencing new fiscal pressures. Consequently, we must prioritize programs and discontinue those functions that the private sector can take over from Washington. Under the gentleman from Pennsylvania's leadership, all of us on the Science Committee have worked to accomplish this task and focus our civil science expenditures on those activities which only the Government can perform and which have the largest long-term benefits to the country. H.R. 2405 meets these goals by focusing on basic research and fulfills the responsibility Congress has to ensure that tax dollars are spent wisely.  Mr. Chairman, American science is undergoing a profound change. Government set up the modern scientific establishment right after World War II and the organization of the scientific enterprise reflects its cold war origins. Since that time, we've always worked to increase the science budget. As a consequence, many activities that would defy our traditional definitions of proper scientific activity have been funded by the Federal Government, including corporate welfare and questionable behavioral disciplines. Recently in the weekly research journal, Science, two social scientists experienced in Federal funding of science wrote that ``the social contract currently governing U.S. science is an obstacle to needed changes in science policy. This policy cannot realistically justify large science budgets. The situation demands more than a defense of the status quo--if faced constructively, it is an opportunity to develop a sounder social contract, to develop an ecology in which science can thrive.''  H.R. 2405 is the first step in developing this new contract. We elevate science's profile in the Federal Government by considering Federal civil science activities as whole, as this bill does, rather than as a collection of separate and unconnected programs. Similarly, H.R. 2405 will help us better integrate science into the very fabric of society by encouraging greater public-private partnerships to achieve our scientific goals. For example, title II of the bill, which authorizes funding for NASA, includes funding and authority for unique government-industry cooperation to develop new space launch vehicles that place industry in the leading role. Similarly, title II begins privatizing certain functions of NASA that the private sector is providing, such as airborne microgravity experiments. By taking these steps, we can better leverage Federal and private dollars in pursuit of the national interest, saving taxpayer resources in the short and long term.  By passing H.R. 2405, Congress will send the message that we are serious about balancing the budget and that we are going to do so intelligently by focusing on those programs with the greatest need for Federal dollars and the greatest benefit to the Nation. H.R. 2405 is an important step in the process of ensuring the long-term health of the scientific enterprise by cutting out fat and waste while improving our commitment to basic research. Please join us in passing this bill.  