Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Arizona [Mr. Stump] and the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Hutchinson] for expediting this bill, as well as to also pay tribute to the distinguished service that the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Montgomery] has given to the people of the United States, as well as to the veterans of this country.  Mr. Speaker, when the Veterans' Administration's Department of Medicine and Surgery was created in 1946, there was a drastic need for health care professionals to provide care for our Nation's wounded World War II veterans. At that time, it was necessary to place restrictions on the outside employment for certain Veterans' Administration health care personnel in order to provide adequate care for our country's wounded heroes. However, outside employment no longer interferes with current Veterans' Administration health care staffing needs, and the moonlighting restrictions are no longer necessary to maintain adequate patient care. In addition, these restrictions have caused unnecessary burdens on the Veterans' Administration's ability to hire and retain quality health care professionals.  I first became aware of the need for this legislation at one of my many townhall meetings when Mrs. Mary Flaherty, a registered nurse at the Zablocki Veterans' Administration Health Center in Milwaukee, pointed out the adverse economic impact this restriction had on her and the 311 other full-time registered nurses at the Zablocki Center. H.R. 1384 amends title 38 of the United States Code to exempt professional nurses, physicians assistants, and expanded duty dental auxiliaries employed by the Veterans' Administration from restrictions on outside employment. H.R. 1384 removes current restrictions that limit the earning ability of thousands of Veterans' Administration employees by allowing them to seek supplemental employment without giving up their full-time employment with the Veterans' Administration.  Mr. Speaker, it is refreshing when Congress acts swiftly to negate outdated and burdensome laws and regulations that affect hard-working taxpayers' ability to provide for their families.  Mr. Speaker, I hope this bill is speedily enacted into law.  