Chairman, the balanced budget amendment is a question of discipline. It is a question of financial discipline on a Congress which has had none.  Amending the U.S. Constitution is strong medicine, and in past history has occurred only to correct deficiencies in the Constitution, which was adopted in 1787, to abolish slavery, to give women the right to vote, and in other important matters such as the Bill of Rights.  I would submit the strong medicine is in order to force Congress to put America's fiscal house in order. Congress has tried and failed in the past to put discipline on itself in a statutory manner.  In 1990 we had the Bush budget agreement with discretionary spending caps and firewalls. That lasted 3 years before it was replaced by the 1993 Clinton agreement.  In 1985 we had the Gramm-Rudman law, which was amended twice before it was repealed, because the shoe started to pinch too hard.  In 1981 we had the Gramm-Latta, and in 1978 we the Harry Byrd law that required Congress to balance the Federal budget by 1981.  To my knowledge that law still is on the books, and since 1981 the national debt has increased by almost $3\1/2\ trillion. So we do need a constitutional amendment to force the people who serve in this Chamber and the one down the hall to start reducing the Federal budget deficit to zero so that we do not mortgage our children and grandchildren's future.  It is no secret that many of the most vocal opponents of the balanced budget amendment have big-spending records on issues of taxing and spending, and they are the ones that do not want to put this constitutional discipline on the House of Representatives so that they can go on spending as usual.  The time has come to put a stop to that, and that is why House Joint Resolution 1 should pass.  Now, tomorrow the biggest item of controversy will be the three-fifths vote that would be required both to raise taxes and to increase the national debt. I favor a three-fifths supermajority in both cases and hope that the House of Representatives will approve it.  Why should we not make it harder to increase taxes on the American people and to raise the national debt? We ought to do that so that a balanced budget amendment simply is not complied with by increasing taxes.  But also a three-fifths supermajority will require bipartisanship for future tax increases and national-debt increases. No longer will a partisan majority be able to ram a tax increase down the throats of the American people such as happened in August 1993. It will require a consensus in order to achieve a tax increase or in order to increase the national debt.  The President last night called for consensus. We have not had consensus in these areas in the past. We ought to have consensus in the future, and the three-fifths vote will require that consensus to be had.  I would hope that this amendment would pass and be sent to the States with the three-fifths vote.  