Speaker, I would like to commend the Rules Committee for its decision allowing a 1-hour open rule to debate H.R. 1601, the multiyear authorization of the international space station. In giving preference to amendments preprinted in the Congressional Record, the committee has made our efforts family-friendly, which we can all appreciate. Finally, the Rules Committee's decisions give us the change for a fair and open discussion of the space station, its benefits, and the need for a multiyear authorization.  The international space station is about America's future. With an orbiting space station, the United States will have long term access to the unique environment of space, which will enable us to conduct cutting-edge research in the life and microgravity sciences that we cannot do on earth. The space shuttle has been an excellent platform from which to conduct research into medicines, materials, and physical processes, but our research capabilities are now bumping against the shuttle's most significant limitation as a research platform: time. The shuttle cannot stay in orbit for more than a few days and flight opportunities occur only a few times every year. So, we cannot conduct the kinds of long-term experiments necessary to push the state of our knowledge to the next level. By operating as a continually manned-platform, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, the space station will solve that problem. With a functioning space station, we can look forward to breakthroughs in crystal formation, medical research, biological behavior, materials science, and a host of other disciplines that will improve our standard of living.  That's why members of The Seniors Coalition wrote me to express their support for the space station and the benefits it will bring to the study of aging. That's why the Multiple Sclerosis Association of America supports the space station and the potential research benefits it will bring to children afflicted by MS. That's why the American Medical Women's Association is in favor of the space station and all the opportunities it creates to improve women's health.  The space station program we are considering now is not the same one that NASA began in 1984. This space station is managed under a streamlined singled-prime contractor scheme that reduces bureaucracy and saves money. This space station is capped at $2.1 billion per year, less than 15 percent of NASA's annual budget. The station will cost $13.2 billion to complete in 2002, by which time it will have already begun producing the research results that will benefit every American. The space station program we are dealing with today is on budget and on schedule for orbital assembly to begin in 1997. American companies and our foreign partners have already built over 48,000 pounds of hardware. This space station program is a success.  H.R. 1601, the multiyear space station authorization, will provide the funding stability that ensure the space station remains on budget and on schedule. In past years, constant redesigns and rescopings denied the station that stability and caused delays and cost increases. This Congress must not allow that to happen again. We fulfill our role by providing NASA the resources it needs to do the job right, and then by demanding the accountability and responsible management that the space station program is currently demonstrating. We begin doing our part by passing H.R. 1601.  