Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Roemer-Zimmer amendment to cancel the space station. This has become an annual exercise for these gentlemen. While I admire them for their tenacity, I do not admire them for their judgment. The space station is NASA's No. 1 priority to bring us into the next millennium. It is now on time and on budget.  Mr. Chairman, I will not deny that NASA has had serious problems with the space station in the past. Not that long ago, I was prepared to vote against the station as well, not because I thought it was a bad idea but because NASA did not have a plan to deal with possible Russian withdrawal from the program. I am pleased to say that the agency has made substantial progress in addressing my concerns.  The station program NASA has under way today bears little resemblance to the program that the gentleman who would kill it describe. NASA has moved to a single prime contractor and has placed the station on a responsible management plan. It will live within an annual $2.1 billion cap and not exceed total costs of $13.1 billion for operation and assembly through completion, a far cry from the figures bandied about by the folks on the other side.  Mr. Chairman, this is less than 15 percent of the NASA budget and less than one-seventh of 1 percent of the total Federal budget. This is not the two-headed budget monster that opponents make it out to be.  I have made a career of cutting the Federal budget. The reason I came to Washington was to get the Government's hands off of the taxpayer's wallet. In the last Congress, no Member had a better voting record for spending reductions and according to the National Taxpayers Union only eight Members have voted for more spending cuts so far in this Congress.  The space station is a question about the future. It will be the focus of human space flight for the next two decades that enable us to conduct cutting-edge research in microgravity science. Numerous organizations support it because of the potential for the development of breakthroughs in medicine.  Everyone here knows that NASA's budget is $700 million smaller in fiscal year 1996 and it is going to decline in the coming years. We should also acknowledge that we can accommodate these cuts, keep the space station and bring the benefits to the taxpayer of the cutting-edge research possible only in space. The Committee on the Budget recognized the merits of this program when it included the station in developing the plan to balance the Federal budget in 7 years. In short, a vote for the space station is a vote for tomorrow. It is both technologically and scientifically advanced and fiscally responsible. I urge defeat of the Roemer-Zimmer amendment.  