Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 1601, the International Space Station Authorization Act of 1995. Many have risen to explain the benefits of the space station today in this Chamber and on numerous occasions in the past. I will not repeat those reasons here. Instead, I will explain why H.R. 1601 is an important part of enabling us to realize those benefits.  The gentleman from Pennsylvania and I cosponsored this bill because it places NASA and the space station on the path of fiscal responsibility. For years, NASA and the White House have been hard-pressed to settle on a space station design and budget that Congress could support. NASA has finally rectified that problem through a series of positive steps, that make the international step station an excellent foundation on which to build the future of our civilian space program.  First, NASA finalized the design into its current form, which includes participation from Europe, Japan, and Canada. The Russians are full partners in the international space station, giving us access to their advanced space hardware, their space industrial base, and their years of experience of living and working in space. With the Russians and Europeans as partners, NASA has designed a space station that will cost the American taxpayers less than its predecessors and have nearly double the capacity.  Second, NASA streamlined management of the space station program by placing the program under a single prime contractor. This reduced bureaucratic and contractor overhead and improved management, enabling NASA to build the station under a budget cap of $2.1 billion a year, about 15 percent of its annual debt.  Third, NASA has begun exploring means of commercializing and privatizing space station operations to lower operational costs. NASA has gone so far as to begin discussions with companies that design business parks to see which concepts they can apply to the station's future in space. H.R. 1601 encourages this process by making station commercialization a provision of law.  As a result of these actions, the station is on time and on budget. We have built over 48,000 pounds of hardware for delivery to orbit and will launch the first station element in 1997.  Taken in its entirety, H.R. 1601 authorizes $13.1 billion to complete and operate the space station through final assembly in fiscal year 2002. H.R. 1601 also includes an annual cap of $2.1 billion for the space station. The multiyear authorization gives NASA the financial and programmatic stability it needs to complete the station on time and on budget, while the annual cap forces NASA to maintain its fiscal discipline. H.R. 1601 and the space station are NASA's highest priority and fall well within our own plans to balance the Federal budget within the next 7 years.  The space station is about our future. It is about progress, and improving the technological seed corn of future economic growth. We need it. H.R. 1601 is about fiscal responsibility; about stepping up to our obligation as legislators to enable bureaucracies to do those things we ask them to do with greater efficiency and effectiveness. The American people have made it clear that they support our future in space. And we made it clear that we heard them when this Congress rejected 2 attempts to cancel the space station by huge margins of 173 and 153 votes. Now it is the time to provide the stability needed to achieve the efficiencies and savings that Americans demand from their Government by passing H.R. 1601.  