Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Obey amendment and in opposition to the misguided priorities represented in it.  Mr. Chairman, the money that we spend on NASA can never be justified in the abstract. But where it can be justified is in the spinoffs that our investment in the future, which is represented in the NASA budget, brings.  Throughout the civilian space program since 1957, we have seen revolutions in telecommunications, revolutions in materials development, revolutions in medical techniques, revolutions in the development of new types of medications that do a better job in treating what ails human beings with fewer side effects.  Mr. Chairman, those types of spinoffs will end if NASA collapses. And make no bones about it, the space station is the linchpin of NASA's efforts. We take away the space station, we take away a lot of the scientific research that will end up providing a huge improvement in the standard of living for every human being on this earth, and not just in the United States, but elsewhere as well.  So let us not eat our seed corn. Let us not turn our back on research. Let us continue to support the space station by voting down the Obey amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment calls into question the American commitment to space. We should not be questioning that. If it is adopted, it will mean that the Congress will have, in effect, thrown away the $17 billion already spent on the development of the space station, and the 50,000 pounds of material that have been already produced that will go up into orbit.  It will welch on our international partners: the Russians, the European space agency, the Germans, the French, the Canadians, the Japanese, and will tell those international partners that America is an unreliable partner in any big-ticket expensive scientific investment and tell them that the $6 billion that they have spent will be thrown away, just as the $17 billion that we have spent.  Mr. Chairman, I do not think that that is the example that we should be setting in the Congress of the United States. The $400 million that is transferred into HUD does not buy very much housing, but it is done at the expense of wrecking a major program that this Congress has committed itself to for over 10 years.  The space station should be kept in the budget. This amendment should be defeated. We should not wreck America's future in the development of the things that are spun off from what NASA has done.  