Chairman, the current system of product liability law in the United States is detrimental to our Nation's economic prosperity. The cost of insurance and litigation causes manufacturers to increase prices, provides a disincentive for business to create new products, and impedes interstate commerce. Tort liability costs are substantially higher in the United States than any other country and currently represent 2.3 percent of U.S. gross domestic product.  For the past 20 years, the Democrat-controlled Congress has refused to seriously consider obvious problems inherent in our product liability laws. I am pleased that the new Republican majority has made product liability reform a priority and I enthusiastically support H.R. 956, The Common Sense Product Liability and Legal Reform Act.  H.R. 956 will enact several important reforms. It ensures that product sellers will receive reasonable protection against liability for manufacturer error. A plaintiff whose use of drugs or alcohol is partly responsible for an accident will be prohibited from collecting damages from defendants with lesser degrees of responsibility. Limits are established regarding a defendant's liability for non-economic damages to a proportionate share of responsibility. A 15-year limitation for brining most liability actions will also be enacted. The bill also makes important reforms to the system of awarding punitive damages. It addresses burden of proof, proportionality of awards, and bifurcation of proceedings.  In addition, I support the Cox amendment to H.R. 956 which expands the legislation to include reform of the medical malpractice system. Congress has spent a great deal of time debating elaborate proposals that would control skyrocketing medical costs. This amendment provides a simple first step to reducing the cost of medical care. In my State, Wisconsin, the average physician pays $40,000 a year in medical malpractice insurance premiums, and specialists pay more. If you assume that the average doctor works 2,000 billable hours per year and charges $20 per hour, then the first $10, or the average cost of the first half-hour of the office visit, is the patient's share of the medical malpractice insurance premium. Medical malpractice premiums have been the fastest growing component of physician's costs. This amendment will reduce frivolous malpractice suits and the corresponding increases in insurance premiums. In my opinion, reforming medical malpractice is an essential start to reforming America's health care system.  In the coming months, Congress will debate significant cuts in Government spending for research and development, small business programs, and export promotion. Enactment of this legislation will reduce tort liability costs for American companies and enhance American competitiveness in the world marketplace.  