Chairman, I rise in opposition to this joint resolution, and I urge the membership to defeat each of the substitutes that will come before us later on today. Term limits, in my opinion, are a bad idea. They are anti-democratic, and I think that they will upset the balance of power and checks and balances that the Framers of our Constitution so delicately devised and which have served the United States of America so well for over 200 years.  The Constitution of the United States should not tell the voters who they cannot vote for. That is a Government law that limits the choice of the voters and tells the voters that if someone has served for 6 or 8 or 12 years, they are no longer qualified to serve in the Congress of the United States, no matter how distinguished their service has been, no matter how much they represented the viewpoints of the majority of their constituents, and no matter how honest and forthright they are. I think that is wrong.  Second, term limits will end up strengthening the hand of the executive and judicial branches at the expense of Congress. Many of the more ardent supporters of term limits say that they support limiting terms because they wish to weaken the legislative branch of Government, the Congress of the United States. But if one stops and thinks about that argument, it weakens the only branch that is completely elected by the people of this country. Every Senator and Representative is an elected official. But in the Executive and Judicial Branches, only the President is elected, and those are the two branches of Government that will become stronger proportionately as Congress is weakened by term limits.  In fact, term limits will actually make Representatives and Senators more distant from their constituents, because they will no longer have the incentive to go back home and face their people and find out what their people are thinking in order to win reelection.  The third problem with term limits is that it will effectively place control of the House of Representatives in the hands of the four largest State delegations. That means that those who represent the other 46 States, no matter how talented they are, are not going to be able to achieve the respect, to get on good committees, and to achieve the knowledge that goes with being on the strong and powerful committees, and will be relegated to serving on the committees that are of much lower priority.  I just look at my own State, where Les Aspin and David Obey, Henry Reuss and Clement Zablocki on the Democratic side, and Melvin Laird and John Byrnes and William Steiger on the Republican side have served with distinction. Buy they were never able to hit their prime until they had been here for 10 or 12 years, because they had not gotten the respect and the chits from their other colleagues in order to get into positions of influence.  Finally, term limits and changing the Constitution will not change human nature. Human beings are those who are elected by the people to represent them in the Congress of the United States. The reward for doing a good job in this business is reelection, and that is an incentive that drives us to represent our people and to go back  [[Page H3894]] home and listen to what the people are saying.  I am afraid that with term limits we would become much like Mexico, which is a government that has a term limit of one term on all of their elected officials. If you do not have to go back home, then you start looking for the next job right away. Every contact with the lobbyists then becomes a contact with a potential future employer. As it stands now, no Senator or Representative starts looking for the next job until they decide to retire or the voters decide that question for them. With term limits, you are going to have people looking forward to the next job right from the very beginning. That is going to end up corrupting the system of government that we have to an even greater extent than it is now.  Please vote against term limits, uphold the Constitution of the United States, and uphold the checks and balances which have served our country so well.  