  The point I am making is a very simple one: Nobody in here has enough evidence, based upon a record, other than the probably 10 or 12 of us to whom responsibility is assigned to know this material; I doubt whether if you poll this Senate, intelligent women and men, that their degree of confidence--and I will be devil's advocate--for or against the treaty is as high as it has been in the past with other treaties because we have had extensive debate before.  When we talk about this notion that we are, in fact, in a position where what we asked for--and I wish the majority leader was still here. It was the Biden resolution that was going to be attached to an education bill that called for a sense of the Senate that we, in fact, hold hearings. Standing in this well, the leader--and he has acknowledged this and he made a point of this--walked up to me and said: If you will withhold that resolution, we can work out giving you a vote on this. He did say that, and I said fine.  The point is, we were not asking for a vote without hearings, ever. The point is also, accurately stated by many, in retrospect, in hindsight, should some of us have objected to the unanimous consent agreement? The answer is yes. Yes.  Here is where we are, and it is true, it is totally within the power of any single Senator to insist we vote. If that is the case, so be it. I am ready to debate the last few hours we have, and we vote. But I defy anyone to suggest this is the way in which they want the Senate in the future on other treaties of any nature, arms control or not, to proceed, which is to wait 2 years, do nothing, have no hearings in the committee of jurisdiction, wait until the committee of jurisdiction is discharged, hold 1 day of hearings, leave 14 hours of debate with one amendment available to each leader. I do not ever remember any treaty on which we restricted amendments or covenants. I do not remember that.  On the chemical weapons treaty, we had a whole range of amendments, all developed in the Foreign Relations Committee after extensive hearings.  So, folks, this is not the way to do business. But if we are going to do business this way, so be it. I cannot do anything about it except agree with the Senator from Virginia that we should not go forward. I agree with former General Powell. I agree; we should not go forward. If we do, we do. But it is going to be upon those who conclude that this is the way we should conduct business.  I think we are setting bad precedent after bad precedent after bad precedent by the way in which we are proceeding. Again, it is true, tactically those who oppose the treaty are in a very strong position now. I give them credit for their tactic. But I hope they will put tactical advantage beneath substantive responsibility.  If their case is as strong as they say, I would assume they would feel evenbetter to have it debated at length, have the committees thoroughly explore it, and have it made clear to the American people so that when they vote it down, the American people--on average, 80 percent of whom support the treaty, based on all the polling data anybody has read--will not have to wonder why they went against the public will. They will be able to make their case, even if it is for no other reason than that.  So, Mr. President----  