 President, I will respond by saying two things. I will answer the second part of his question first, which is very easy. Clearly, his hand would be strengthened if he had one.  Second, the first part of the question: Would President support it?  I also said in my statement to the President and our colleagues that I believe the Congress should--should--be confronted with a specific piece of legislation authorizing the use of force. I think it is constitutionally wise and politically necessary that be done.  Mr. President, such a congressional vote will spark the very debate on this floor that I think is needed to further inform the American public about what is at stake.  By the way, I called the White House after we had our meeting with the President and reiterated that I hoped he would send up a resolution. He did not. So I wrote one. I was prepared to attempt to amend Senator Hutchison's amendment. But, in the meantime, as is his prerogative, the majority leader came in and offered a second-degree amendment to Senator Hutchison's. So I now have no ability to amend her amendment.  I am told that we are going to vote on cloture. If we get cloture--and I hope we will get cloture--then there will be an up-or-down vote on the Lott-Smith amendment. That amendment says that the President can't take any action in Yugoslavia until funds are authorized. I would prefer having an up-or-down vote on that notion.  My resolution says, ``The President is authorized to use the United States Armed Forces for the purposes of conducting air operations and missile strikes against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Serbia and Montenegro, pursuant to a decision of the North Atlantic Council Treaty Organization in order to achieve the objectives in section 2.''  Through my resolution, I want us to step right up to our constitutional task of deciding whether or not to authorize the use of force.  I am the guy, by the way, who, in a very contentious meeting with President Bush, insisted that we have hearings in the Foreign Relations Committee on a resolution for the use of force in the Persian Gulf war. I believe that is a congressional prerogative.  One might argue that the President doesn't need congressional authorization. I think he does. In my view, a President is always better equipped and better advised to go into a risky operation if the American people know what is at stake.  My experience, Mr. President, is that Senators and Congressmen do not like to be counted. Keep in mind that I have been here for six Presidents. We in Congress don't like to be counted on issues of war and peace--Democrats or Republicans--because if, in fact, the risky business the President wishes to undertake succeeds, we all want to be able to say, ``Good idea, Mr. President. I was with you.'' If it fails, Congress wants the luxury of saying, ``I told him. He never should have done that. Bad idea.''  I came out of the so-called Vietnam war generation. The only thing most everybody in my generation can agree on is that a foreign policy of this great nation cannot be sustained very long without the informed consent of the American people.  