 President, promoting human rights is now, and must remain, an important component of our overall relationship with China. That is why I support Senate Resolution 45, calling on the administration to voice our concerns about China's human rights abuses before the United Nations Human Rights Commission in Geneva.  Even as we try to expand cooperation in areas of mutual interest--stability on the Korean peninsula, nonproliferation, trade, and the environment--we must take note of China's violation of international norms in the area of human rights.  Last year, the administration decided to remain silent in Geneva, arguing that more progress could be achieved through quiet diplomacy than through public pressure. China did, in fact, release some high profile political prisoners. China also signed the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.  In recent months, however, we have witnessed a crackdown on dissent, including the arrest of prominent democracy party organizers. China continues to jam the broadcasts of Radio Free Asia and to closely monitor China's domestic media.  With respect to Tibet, China's leaders have yet to establish a dialogue with the Dalai Lama, and they refuse even to meet with U.S. officials responsible for coordinating U.S. policy on Tibet.  Mr. President, we should not stand mute in the face of China's continuing violation of basic human rights. Our silence would be deafening.  If we are not going to call on China to respect human rights before the UN Human Rights Commission, where will we make our concerns known?  And if we must act alone, without support from our European and Asian allies, so be it. There is no shame in being alone on the right side of history.  Ten years ago this June the world watched in horror as Chinese authorities used lethal force to suppress the Tian-an-men democracy movement. I am convinced that the gradual improvement in human rights in China over the past decade would not have occurred without concerted diplomatic pressure--public and private.  Now is not the time to let up.  