 President, 3 years ago I joined with my distinguished friend and colleague, Senator Hatch, to introduce the Hatch-Biden Methamphetamine Control Act to address the growing threat of methamphetamine use in our country before it was too late. Our failure to foresee and prevent the crack cocaine epidemic is one of the most significant public policy mistakes in recent history. We were determined not to repeat that mistake with methamphetamine.  That 1996 act provided crucial tools that we needed to stay ahead of the methamphetamine epidemic--increased penalties for possessing and trafficking in methamphetamine and the precursor chemicals and equipment used to manufacture the drug; tighter reporting requirements and restrictions on the legitimate sales of products containing precursor chemicals to prevent theirdiversion; increased reporting requirements for firms that sell those products by mail; and enhanced prison sentences for meth manufacturers who endanger the life of any individual or endanger the environment while making this drug. We also created a national working group of law enforcement and public health officials to monitor any growth in the methamphetamine epidemic.  I have no doubt that our 1996 legislation slowed this epidemic significantly. But we are up against a powerful and highly addictive drug. The Methamphetamine Anti-Proliferation Act of 1999--which I have cosponsored--builds on the 1996 act. First and foremost, it closes the ``amphetamine loophole'' in current law by making the penalties for manufacturing, distribution, importing and exporting amphetamine the same as those for meth. After all, the two drugs differ by only one chemical and are sold interchangeably on the street. If users can't tell the difference between the two substances, there is no reason why the penalties should be different.  The bill also addresses the growing problem of meth labs by establishing penalties for manufacturing the drug with an enhanced penalty for those who would put a child's life at risk in the process. We provide the Drug Enforcement Administration with much needed funding to clean up clandestine labs after they are seized as well as to train state and local law enforcement officers to handle the hazardous wastes produced in the meth labs and certify them to train their colleagues. Methamphetamine is made from an array of hazardous substances--battery acid, lye, ammonia gas, hydrochloric acid, just to name a few--that produce toxic fumes and often lead to fires or explosions when mixed. I am revealing nothing by naming some of these chemical ingredients. Anyone with access to the Internet can download a detailed meth recipe with a few simple keystrokes. Our legislation would make such postings illegal.  We provide money for the Drug Enforcement Administration to clean up these toxic sites and certify state and local officials to handle the hazardous byproducts at the lab sites. We provide funds for additional law enforcement personnel--including agents, investigators, prosecutors, lab technicians, chemists, investigative assistants and drug prevention specialists in High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas where meth is a problem. We also provide funds for new agents to assist State and local law enforcement in small- and mid-sized communities in all phases of drug investigations and assist state and local law enforcement in rural areas. Further, the legislation provides much needed money for prevention, treatment and research, including clinical trials. It asks the Institute of Medicine to issue a report on the status of pharmacotherapies for treatment of amphetamine and methamphetamine addiction. I understand that the scientists at the National Institute on Drug Abuse are making headway in isolating amino acids and developing medications to deal with meth overdose and addiction.  We also have a provision that would allow certain doctors to dispense Schedule III, IV and V drugs from their offices to treat addiction. I am glad to see this provision included. Ten years ago, I asked the question: ``If drug abuse is an epidemic, are we doing enough to find a medical `cure'?'' Unfortunately that question is still with us. But today we also have another question: ``Are we doing enough to get the `cures' we have to those who need them?'' We have an enormous ``treatment gap'' in this country. Less than half of the estimated 4.4 to 5.3 million people who need drug treatment are receiving it. Licensing qualified doctors to prescribe certain pharmacotherapies from their offices is a significant step toward bridging the treatment gap. Also to that end, this bill authorizes $10 million for treatment of methamphetamine addiction.  The bill also tightens the restrictions on direct and indirect advertising of illegal drug paraphernalia and Schedule I drugs. Under this legislation, it would be illegal for on-line magazines and other websites to post advertisements for such illegal material or provide ``links'' to websites that do. We crafted this language carefully so that we restrict the sale of drug paraphernalia without restricting the first amendment. All in all, I believe that this is a comprehensive bill that attacks the methamphetamine and amphetamine problem from every angle. Today the Senate also passed the ``Date Rape Drug Control Act of 1999,'' a very important piece of legislation which will place the most stringent controls on GHB, a drug which is being used with increasing frequency to commit rape. I commend Senator Abraham for his efforts to get this bill passed and I thank him for acknowledging my efforts as well.  For nearly 5 years now, I have been working to raise awareness about date rape drugs including rohypnol and ketamine. In 1996, I first introduced legislation to schedule these drugs under the Controlled Substances Act. This was not a step I took lightly because there is a regulatory procedure in place for scheduling controlled substances. But my view was that the regulatory process would take years to do what needed to be done in months, forfeiting valuable time in the fight to stop these drugs from being used to commit heinous crimes. Federal scheduling is important for three simple reasons. First, Federal scheduling triggers increased state drug law penalties. This is because state law penalties are linked to the level at which a drug appears on the Federal controlled substance schedule. Since more than 95 per cent of all drug cases are prosecuted at the state level, not by the Federal government, federal scheduling is vitally important.  Second, Federal scheduling triggers tough federal penalties.  And third, scheduling has proven to work. In 1984, I worked to reschedule Quaaludes from Schedule II to Schedule I, Congress passed the law and the Quaalude epidemic was greatly reduced. Again in 1990, I worked to reclassify steroids as a Schedule III substance, Congress passed the law and again a drug epidemic that had been on the rise was reversed.  Progress on scheduling date rape drugs has been slow. This past August--4 years after I first called for stricter regulations--the Drug Enforcement Administration finally classified ketamine as a Schedule III drug. Rohypnol has yet to be classified as a Schedule I drug, though we have passed legislation that stipulates that it is subject to federal penalties. Far from perfect, but it is a small step in the right direction.  In 1996, we passed legislation to crack down on those who commit violent crimes--including rape--by giving the victim a controlled substance without that person's knowledge. As a result of that legislation, this cowardly act is punishable by up to 20 years in prison. And today the Senate passed legislation that recognizes that GHB is a significant public safety hazard and will result in the drug being designated as a Schedule I substance. At the same time, the legislation recognizes that there is a public health interest here. GHB is currently being studied as a treatment for narcolepsy and this bill goes to great lengths to ensure that this research can continue without undue burdens.  Further, the Date Rape Drug Control Act requires the Attorney General to assist in the development of forensic tests to help law enforcement detect GHB and related substances and develop training materials on date rape drugs for police officers. The bill also calls for a national awareness campaign to warn people about the danger of these drugs. Recently, these date rape drugs have been used in my State of Delaware. Several women at ``The Big Kahuna,'' the largest nightclub in Wilmington have had drugs slipped into their drinks. This is a serious problem and we must take bold steps, like passing the measure we passed today, to establish strict penalties for this cowardly crime. I am pleased that the Senate has passed both of these important pieces of legislation today and I hope to see them enacted into law.  