 President, I am very pleased to speak today in support giving the Senate's advice and consent to ratification of the Amended Mines Protocol to the Convention on Conventional Weapons. This amended protocol was adopted on May 3, 1996, and submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent to ratification on January 7, 1997. The Foreign Relations Committee approved this resolution of ratification on March 23 of this year, with no dissents.  While this is not as big an issue as NATO enlargement or the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty, ratification of the Amended Mines Protocol will be a real achievement. Its enactment is a further demonstration that the Senate and its Foreign Relations Committee can, in fact, reach agreement upon treaties that deal with difficult issues.  My colleagues are well aware of the humanitarian crisis that has developed in the world as a result of the millions of unexploded land mines left from the last generation of wars in the world. The United States is a leader in humanitarian de-mining efforts, and we have all supported those efforts. But a few examples may help explain to the public why the issue of land mines is of such deep concern.  In April 1996, Newsweek magazine wrote about one victim of land mines as follows:       He served three years on Bosnia's front lines and survived.      But within days of being demobilized, Petr Jesdimir became a      casualty of the peace.       He was working with a private road crew on the outskirts of      Sarajevo last month when an anti-personnel mine buried at the      roadside blew up under his left foot. As he stumbled down the      road to get help, another mine shattered his right leg.       Today he lies in a Sarajevo orthopedic clinic where battle-     tested doctors have made their own transition--from treating      soldiers hit by grenades to amputating the arms and legs of      mine victims, mostly children. Jesdimir, 50, realizes that      until he dies he'll probably be a drain on the nation he      fought to preserve.       ``I know I have to live with this now,'' he sobbed last      week, holding up the trembling stump of a leg. ``Now I      understand war.''  A year later, The Washington Post recounted the story of another Bosnian victim:       The June weather was perfect as 14-year-old Tibomir Ostojic      returned home from a dip in a nearby river. ``Cherries,'' he      thought. ``Wouldn't it be nice to have some cherries?''       So he climbed a cherry tree not far from his apartment in      the Sarajevo neighborhood of Dobrinja. As he was climbing      down--and a split-second before his foot hit the ground--he      realized the grass he was about to step on clearly had been      avoided by others, and he knew instantly he was in trouble.       The first explosion threw him into the air and onto a      second land mine. By then he had his hands over his head for      protection. The second blast blew them off.  Land mines were also the major cause of casualties for NATO forces in Bosnia. Yet Bosnia is hardly the only land where this occurs.  A Washington Times article of June 10, 1997, reported: ``The land mines are strewn so widely in the jungles along the cease-fire zones between Ecuador and Peru that when peacekeepers kick a soccer ball out of their compound, it stays there.'' Last year, in the wake of Hurricane Mitch, still more innocent people fell victim to land mines left over from the civil war in Nicaragua.  The catalogue of countries ravaged by land mines--long after the end of the wars in which those mines were laid--goes on and on: Afghanistan, Angola, Cambodia, Mozambique, Vietnam. It was the need to put an end to these seemingly endless post-war tragedies that motivated both the Administration and the Foreign Relations Committee to recommend ratification of the Amended Mines Protocol.  The new Protocol is not a complete ban on anti-personnel land mines. Many of us regret that the United States is not in a position to sign and ratify the Ottawa Convention that institutes such a ban. The Amended Mines Protocol is supported, however, by several mine-producing or mine-using powers that would not sign the Ottawa Convention.  It is a sad fact of life that countries with fortified borders are not yet willing to do without land mines. By adhering to this Protocol, they will save many innocent lives while we work to make a world-wide ban feasible for all countries.  The new Protocol bans mines that are designed to be exploded by the presence of a mine detector, and it requires anti-personnel mines to be detectable. These provisions will greatly aid mine-clearing efforts in future wars.  The Protocol severely limits the use of land mines unless they are both self-destructing within 30 days and self-deactivating within 120 days (in case the self-destruct mechanism should fail). Adherence to these provisions should end the senseless post-war slaughter inflicted by so many mines today.  The Protocol establishes an obligation to clean up minefields after warshave ended. You might think that this was an obvious duty, but countries have often failed to clean up their lethal mess.  Finally, the new Protocol applies to civil wars, as well as international ones. This is a desperately needed provision, as so many of the worst land mine disasters have been the result of civil wars. The Amended Mines Protocol is the first protocol of the Convention on Conventional Weapons to be applied to civil wars, and this is an important achievement that is in keeping with U.S. policy and practices.  These provisions will go a long way, if adopted and fully implemented by the major mine users and producers, to curtail Future humanitarian crises due to land mines. The amended Protocol specifically meets concerns that the Senate articulated in 1995, when we gave our advice and consent to ratification of the original Mines Protocol and the underlying Convention on Conventional Weapons. For all these reasons, the Amended Mines Protocol deserves our wholehearted support.  Bringing the Amended Mines Protocol to the Senate floor has required us to reconcile sharply differing and strongly held views regarding the utility and morality of using anti-personnel mines that meet the standards of the Amended Mines Protocol. We owe a debt of gratitude to our colleagues who agreed to accept resolution provisions and report language that safeguarded each other's positions on the broader land mine issues.  One colleague who put the lives of innocent civilians ahead of his personal policy preferences is our esteemed Chairman, Senator Helms of North Carolina. Senator Helms has stated that anti-personnel mines are essential to the U.S. Armed Forces and that a ban on such weapons would needlessly place U.S. forces at risk.  The Amended Mines Protocol does not pre-judge, however, the question of U.S. adherence to the Ottawa Convention. Both supporters and opponents of that treaty can support the Protocol's limits on the use of anti-personnel land mines by those countries that retain them.  Adherence to the amended Protocol will not require any adjustment of U.S. military weaponry or tactics, moreover. Rather, it will make other countries meet standards that we already have achieved. U.S. military leaders want this Protocol to succeed, because it will save the lives of U.S. service men and women.  In the interests of securing ratification of the Amended Mines Protocol, Senator Helms agreed to several major changes in the resolution of ratification, both last year and again this year, to remove from that resolution any language that would jeopardize this effort by pre-judging the broader land mine questions in his favor. He also issued a Committee report this year that omitted extensive material on land mines and the Ottawa Convention, thus minimizing any unintended affront to colleagues who favor a complete ban on anti-personnel mines.  Another colleague who has put other people's lives ahead of his own views is Senator Leahy of Vermont. Senator Leahy has said many times in this chamber that the United States should adhere to the Ottawa Convention as soon as possible. He has sponsored successful legislation to fund the search for land mine alternatives, and he has an understandable interest in ensuring the effectiveness of that search.  Senator Leahy is in an interesting position, however: he actually helped to bring about the Amended Mines Protocol. Although he favors a world-wide ban on anti-personnel mines, Senator Leahy has stated that he also considers the Amended Mines Protocol an improvement over the existing Protocol.  Senator Leahy agreed not to seek to amend this resolution of ratification, even though he opposes some of its provisions. For example, the resolution will preserve the Pursuit Deterrent Munition until January 1, 2003, even though the U.S. military found that this weapon was too heavy to be of great use to U.S. personnel.  It was not easy to bring Chairman Helms and Senator Leahy to agreement on a resolution of ratification for the Amended Mines Protocol. Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska and I, as well as Executive branch officials from several agencies, had to work at this beginning in 1997.  Chairman Helms and Senator Leahy agreed early on, however, that ratification of this Protocol was worth doing, if it could be done without prejudicing their stands on the larger issues. I am very pleased that we achieved such a resolution. I am also proud to be associated with two fine colleagues who kept their eye on the ball and arrived at an agreement.  I want to recognize some of the staff members who have labored so hard to bring about successful U.S. ratification of the Amended Mines Protocol. Marshall Billingslea and Edward Levine of the Foreign Relations Committee staff have kept at this for over a year and a half, framing the issues and enabling Chairman Helms and me to reconcile our own differences as well as those between the Chairman and Senator Leahy.  Senator Hagel's staff also played a major role in reconciling those differences, especially in the early stages. Tim Rieser of the Senate Appropriations Committee staff ably served Senator Leahy in crafting language that would not subvert the cause of eventual land mine abolition.  Two State Department lawyers deserve special recognition for their roles. The Principal Deputy Legal Adviser, Michael J. Matheson, was instrumental in the negotiation of the Amended Mines Protocol and in explaining to the Senate its legal intricacies.  Steve Solomon, an attorney in the office of the Assistant Legal Adviser for Political-Military Affairs, was tireless and expert in explaining why U.S. ratification is in our national interest. Time and again, Mr. Solomon kept us on track toward reasonable solutions. Without the assistance of those fine civil servants, we would not be ratifying this Protocol today.  In closing, Mr. President, I want to emphasize that U.S. ratification of the Amended Mines Protocol is an action of which all Senator can feel proud. It will save innocent lives. It will reaffirm U.S. leadership in codifying the laws of war. Irrespective of whether we eventually renounce all anti-personnel mines, and without prejudicing that debate, the Amended Mines Protocol will serve our national interest and the interests of humanity.  