 President, not only must the President, but he said he would.  This amendment is flawed in two respects. First, as a constitutional matter, I believe it is unnecessary. The Constitution already bars offensive military action by the President unless it is congressionally authorized or under his emergency powers.  The Senate resolution we adopted only authorizes the use of airpower. If Congress adopts this amendment, it seems to me we will imply the President has carte blanche to take offensive action, and anywhere else unless the Congress makes a specific statement to the contrary in advance. In short, I think it will tender an invitation to Presidents in the future to use force whenever they want unless Congress provides a specific ban in advance.  Putting that aside, however, the amendment is flawed because its exceptions are much too narrowly drawn. The amendment purports to bar the use of Armed Forces in response to an attack against Armed Forces.  For example, we have thousands of soldiers now in Albania and Macedonia. Let's suppose the Yugoslav forces launch an attack against U.S. forces in Albania or in Macedonia. This amendment would bar the use of ground forces to respond by going into Kosovo.  The power to respond against such an attack is clearly within the power of the Commander in Chief. So, too, does the President have the power to launch a preemptive strike against an imminent attack. The U.S. forces do not have to wait until they take the first punch.  The second point I will make in this brief amount of time I am taking is that the amendment does not appear to permit the use of U.S. forces in the evacuation of Americans. Most constitutional scholars concede the President has the power to use force in emergency circumstances to protect American citizens facing an imminent and direct threat to their lives.  In sum, notwithstanding the fact that my colleague from Pennsylvania is going to amend his own amendment, it does not, in my view, appear to be necessary and it unconstitutionally restricts recognized powers of the President.  This comes from a guy--namely me--who has spent the bulk of the last 25 years arguing that the President has to have congressional authority to use force in circumstances such as this, and he does. But to bar funds in advance, before a President even attempts to use ground forces, in the face of him saying he will not use them and in the face of a letter in which he says he will not send them without seeking Congress' authority, seems to me to not only be constitutionally unnecessary but sends an absolutely devastating signal to Mr. Milosevic and others.  For example, I, for one, have been encouraging the Secretary of Defense, our National Security Adviser, and the President of the United States to get about the business of prepositioning right now the 50,000 forces they say will be needed in a permissive environment. That is an environment where there is a peace agreement. If tomorrow peace broke out in Yugoslavia, if Mr. Milosevic yielded to the demands of NATO, there would be chaos in Kosovo because there would be no force to put in place in order to ensure the agreement.  I worry that an amendment at this moment not only is unnecessary but would send a signal to suggest that we should not even be prepositioning American forces for deployment in a peaceful environment. I think it is unnecessary.  I thank the Chair for his indulgence and my colleague for the time. I oppose the amendment.  