 President, today we begin consideration of the State Department Authorization Act for fiscal year 2000 and 2001, which was reported out of the committee 17-1.  Mr. President, as I said, today the Senate begins consideration of the State Department Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001. The bill was reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations on April 21 by an overwhelming vote of 17 to 1.  The bill contains several titles, which Chairman Helms has just summarize. Let me just take a few minutes to highlight the major provisions of the bill.  First the bill revives the so-called Helms-Biden legislation on paying our overdue bills to the United Nations.  This proposal, I remind my colleagues, was approved by the Senate in June 1997 by a 90 to 5 vote. Unfortunately, it was ultimately sidetracked by the other body in the last Congress.  The version in this bill contains several changes from the bill approved in 1997--changes that were made to reflect the time that has passed since the deal was devised in the 105th Congress.  This package meets the central objective that I have--to pay back most of our back dues, or arrears--to the United Nations. It provides for the payment of $926 million in arrears, nearly all that we owe to the United Nations, over the course of three years, with the amount of funding released in each year contingent on the achievement of specific reforms in the United Nations.  Significant changes have been made to the final plan that we passed in the last Congress:  First, the bill provides a waiver for the two toughest provisions in the package--the requirement to achieve a reduction to 20 percent in our regular budget assessment rate, and a requirement to establish a ``contested arrears'' account for those arrears that are in dispute between the United States and the United Nations.  Seocnd, the bill provides more money upfront. A provision permitting the President to waive $107 million in reimbursements owed by the United Nations to the United States has been moved from ``year three'' to ``year two'' of the bill. This will allow $682 million to be paid to the United Nations as soon as the ``year one'' and ``year two'' conditions are met.  That is enough to cover most of our $712 million debt to the regular and peacekeeping budgets, which together constitute the bulk of our arrears. I should emphasize here that a significant amount of this funding--$575 million--has already been appropriated in the last two fiscal years.  I expect that the third year of funding will be appropriated this year--because this money is exempt from the limits imposed by the 1997 Balanced Budget Act. So once we pass this bill, and the Secretary of State makes the necessary certifications, the money can begin to flow.  This package is the product of lengthy negotiations that began over two years ago.  The final details of this revised package were negotiated earlier this year between the chairman, the Secretary of State, and me. It is supported by the Clinton administration.  I think we have a good deal here. It is not everything that I wanted. It is not everything that the Secretary of State wanted. And it is not everything the chairman wanted. That is the essence of compromise. And this is a solid compromise that I hope our colleagues will support.  Let me briefly discuss a few other provisions in the bill.  First, we fully funded the President's budget request for most of the bill, including the operating accounts of the Department of State, international and cultural exchanges, and international broadcasting operations such as the Voice of America.  Second, we developed bipartisan legislation to improve security at our embassies. The tragic bombings of our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last August underscored the vulnerability of our diplomatic posts. Some 80 percent of our embassies do not meet government security standards for setback from the street.  An official review chaired by retired Admiral William Crowe concluded that there had been a ``collective failure'' in the U.S. Government in failing to address security at our embassies overseas, and called on the government to devote $1.4 billion a year over each of the next ten years to strengthen security.  The bill before the Senate authorizes $3 billion over the next five years for construction of more secure facilities.  This meets the President's requested funding level, and accelerates it by a year. Even though it is the amount that the President sought, we must recognize that it is just the beginning of what must be a sustained program of enhancing security.  Working overseas is dangerous. We can never make our embassies bomb-proof or risk-free. But we owe it to our dedicated employees who work overseas to provide the resources necessary to minimize known risks.  Third, the bill provides for the establishment of a new Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance, which will carry out a function that was handled at an equivalent level in the former Arms Control and Disarmament Agency.  The verification function has long been headed by a Senate-confirmed official, and for good reason. Once a treaty is signed, we don't want its enforcement to be lost in the bureaucratic shuffle. Moreover, the existence this office will be of considerable importance in obtaining Senate approval of future arms control treaties.  Fourth, the bill reauthorizes Radio Free Asia, which began broadcasting in 1996 pursuant to legislation that I introduced.  Although it has been on the air less than three years, Radio Free Asia already plays an important role in providing news and information to the people living under dictatorial rule in East Asia, particularly the People's Republic of China, where freedom of the press remains a distant dream.  I am pleased that we are giving our stamp of approval to continue the radio at an increased level of funding.  This bill is a solid piece of legislation which enjoyed strong bipartisan support in the Foreign Relations Committee--as was reflected in the strong vote of 17 to 1 in the committee.  I want to join the chairman in putting the Senate on notice in two respects.  First, we will oppose any amendments that address foreign assistance or security assistance. Those measures do not belong on the State Department authorization bill.  Second, we will oppose any measures dealing with ``sanctions reform'' or imposing new sanctions.  The chairman has scheduled hearings for next month to consider the various bills on sanctions reforms that are pending in the committee; therefore, it would be premature to consider amendments on that subject at this time.  I pay public tribute to the chairman. Quite frankly, his leadership and the consensus which he has built in the committee in the last 18 months has been remarkable. This bill is a product of Jesse Helms.  There are some serious, significant changes we make--one of which I will speak to in a moment--with the United Nations. That is through the persistence of my friend from North Carolina. As my mom might say, everyone is capable of redemption, and of late, the State Department has finally redeemed itself on this one. I am confident--the Senator is correct--if and when Mr. Holbrooke is confirmed, we will have an advocate for the Senator's position at the United Nations.  This bill contains several titles which the chairman has summarized. I will take a few minutes to highlight the major provisions of the bill from my perspective.  First, the bill revives the so-called Helms-Biden legislation on paying our overdue bills at the United Nations. The Senator from North Carolina and I have always been friends. We have become very close friends, and we suffer from the same problem: Our friends get very angry with us when we compromise.  I am sure the friends of the Senator from North Carolina are very angry that he has worked out a solution to the so-called arrearages to get this moving, and Senator Biden's friends, on my side of the aisle, are very angry that I have agreed to it because they think it should be more.  The bottom line is, we have done some good work. The Senate acted on what we did once before. It was the herculean efforts of the Senator from North Carolina, taking on folks on his side of the aisle, which came to naught, and the not so herculean efforts on my part to take on folks on my side of the aisle who did not think this was enough. We are back.  Hopefully, a little reason has permeated the environment and the purists on both sides will understand that what we have done is necessary in the national interest, very much in the interest of the American taxpayers, and is coupled to genuine reforms with which, when one thinks about it, nobody really disagrees.  The argument on my side of the aisle is: We should not make them agree to the reforms by holding dues over their heads and holding arrearages over their heads. Nobody I have spoken with says what Chairman Helms wants is unreasonable.  I do not hear anybody coming to the floor saying there is no bloated bureaucracy at the United Nations. I do not hear anyone coming to the floor saying that the United States should pay more. Everybody says we should pay less as a percentage. I do not hear anyone arguing about the substance the chairman has been insisting on for years.  We are down to: Are we doing it the right way? It reminds me of an expression--I will probably get myself in trouble with the French Government--which I think is classic. I was meeting with a State Department person, who will remain nameless, in a very significant position, negotiating a very significant agreement with the French relative to NATO. That is as much as I will say about it.  I asked this fellow: Are the French going to agree with this?  He said: Yes, I think they will, but it is kind of difficult.  I said: What do you mean?  He said: My friend's counterpart duly said to me last night, ``Yes, yes, yes, this will work in practice, but will it work in principle?''  That is what we are hung up on here. What the Senator has suggested in these reforms is practically what everyone has acknowledged is needed. What we have been hung up on is the principle of whether or not it should be done the way in which we are doing it.  On the other side of the equation, nobody argues that if we do not come up with this $926 million we are going to badly hurt the United Nations. We are hurting our allies, we are hurting England, we are hurting the Germans, we are hurting others, because over $700 million of this money is for peacekeeping accounts that we agreed to sign on to with the Brits, with the French, with the Germans, and with our NATO allies.  I think and I hope, I say to the chairman, a little bit of reason is seeping into this debate--I hope.  I guess I am preaching to the choir here, but hopefully some of the congregation on the House side will hear what the choir is saying, because it is very important that we finally settle this issue and put it to bed.  The version in this bill contains several changes from the bill approved in 1997, changes that were made to reflect the time that has passed since the deal we put together--the chairman actually put together--devised in the 105th Congress which made sense. Time has passed. We have had to make some adjustments. I compliment and thank the chairman, as well as the Secretary of State, who was not overwhelmingly enthused about this approach.  We finally, through the leadership of the chairman actually, are all singing from the same hymnal, as they say up my way. The State Department is on the same page now, the Senator is on the same page, I am on the same page, hopefully, the House will get on the same page, and we can go on to the next hymn.  I think this package meets the central objectives that we have, at leastthe ones I have--to pay back most of our so-called arrears to the United Nations. It provides for a payment of $926 million in arrears--nearly all of that we owe to the United Nations--over the course of 3 years, with the amount of funding released in each year contingent on achievement of specific reforms in the United Nations.  This package is a product of very lengthy negotiations begun over 2 years ago. The details of this revised package were negotiated earlier this year between the chairman, the Secretary of State, and me. It is now supported by the Clinton administration. I think we have a good deal. It is not everything I wanted, and it is not everything the Secretary wanted, and it is clearly not everything the chairman wanted, but that is the essence of compromise. This is a solid compromise. I hope our colleagues will support it.  Let me briefly discuss a few other provisions of the bill.  First, we fully funded the President's budget request for most of the bill, including the operations account in the State Department, international and cultural exchanges, and the international broadcasting operations, such as the Voice of America.  Second, we developed a bipartisan legislative approach to improve the security of our embassies. The tragic bombings of our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last August underscored the vulnerability of our diplomatic posts. Some 80 percent of our embassies do not meet Government security standards for setbacks from the streets, just to state one aspect of the problem.  The official review, chaired by retired Admiral William Crowe, concluded that there had been a ``collective failure'' in the U.S. Government in failing to address the security of our embassies overseas and called on the Government to devote $1.4 billion a year over each of the next 10 years to strengthen security.  The bill before the Senate authorizes $3 billion over the next 5 years for the construction of more secure facilities. This meets the President's requested funding level and accelerates it by a year. Even though it is the amount that the President sought, we must recognize that it is just the beginning of what must be a sustained program of enhancing security.  I know my colleague in the Chair knows better than anybody in this building what it is like to have a Government building vulnerable to and subject to terrorist attacks. No one knows the tragedy that flows from that better than the Presiding Officer.  We are as exposed in our foreign embassies around the world as buildings are in this town. We cannot and we should not become ``Fortress America'' internally. But we must do the reasonable things that can be done outside of the country in hostile environments or environments where we have less control over the protection of our citizens.  Working overseas is dangerous. We can never make our embassies bombproof or risk-free. But we owe it to our dedicated employees who work overseas to provide resources necessary to minimize the known risk.  Third, the bill provides for the establishment of a new Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance, who will carry out a function that was handled at the equivalent level in the former Arms Control and Disarmament Agency.  I might add, all we are doing now is putting in place what the distinguished chairman is the father of, and that is a significant reorganization of the State Department apparatus. When people ask me, why was this so important to Senator Helms and why did he work so hard to get it done, I analogize it to what our former colleague, Barry Goldwater, did in terms of the reorganization of the Defense Department. It is as consequential, it is as significant, and I believe it will be remembered as successful as Senator Goldwater's initiatives were with regard to the Defense Department.  It basically takes us into the 21st century and recognizes how fundamentally changed the world is. I think he is to be complimented for it. I plan, as long as I am here, that every time we implement a new aspect of his reorganization plan, to remind our colleagues why it is occurring. It is occurring because the Senator from North Carolina was as persistent as he was, and as consistent as he is, in making sure this organization is modernized.  The verification function had long been headed by a Senate confirmed official, and for a good reason. Once a treaty was signed, we did not want its enforcement to be lost in the bureaucratic shuffle. Moreover, the existence of this office will be of considerable importance to obtaining Senate approval of future treaties.  Fourth, the bill reauthorizes Radio Free Asia, which began broadcasting in 1996 pursuant to legislation I introduced.  I must tell you that we all have our pet initiatives that we care a great deal about because we think they have a significant impact on our security and our interests. I have been ferocious, and some suggest too vocal, in my support of the radios.  But I want to again publicly thank the chairman, who maybe disagreed with me in some aspects of this, but was willing to go along with my basic approach on how to deal with the radios. I know, from his many years during the cold war, of his devotion to Radio Free Europe and Voice of America. I appreciate his lending his considerable support and weight to the way in which we are approaching, under the reorganization, the so-called radios.  Although it has been on the air less than 3 years, by the way, Radio Free Asia already plays an important role in providing news and information for people living under the dictatorial rule in East Asia, particularly the People's Republic of China, where freedom of the press remains a distant dream. I am pleased that we are giving our stamp of approval to continue the radio at increased levels of funding to make it workable.  There is much more to say, but I will stop at this point in the interest of accommodating my colleagues. But this bill is a solid piece of legislation which enjoys strong bipartisan support in the Foreign Relations Committee. Again, I want to remind everybody, this, as the defense authorization bill, usually attracts every contentious issue that is out there. It is because of the leadership of the chairman that we came out of the committee with a 17-1 vote.  My colleagues should understand--it is presumptuous for me to say this--that this is a reflection of the fact that what is in this bill is solid. It is a solid, solid bill. We would not have gotten this kind of consensus out of an ideologically divided committee but a committee where we are totally committed to making sure we have the strongest ability, the greatest ability, to project our foreign policy around the world.  Again, I thank the chairman for his leadership. I still think people are probably scratching their heads: How do Biden and Helms get along so well and produce such bipartisan approaches? Because I think we both respect each other, but also because I understand that the chairman's motivation here is to make this committee's work a product that can pass the bipartisan muster of the Senate and the Congress. I compliment him again for his leadership.  I yield the floor.  