 Let me be precise.  A resolution was submitted characterized by the Speaker, as we sat there, as one that would say the following, and eventually was voted on. It said: Mr. President, before you introduce ground troops into Kosovo, you must come to us under the Constitution and ask for our permission.  And the President--I can say this because he said it publicly. The President said, ``I didn't want to do something no President has acknowledged that he has to do in a debate with Congress.'' And I stood up, and I said, ``Mr. President, let me respectfully suggest you send the following letter to the House,'' because I didn't want the vote to turn into the debacle it did. And I suggested the President say the following: ``Notwithstanding the fact that I am not required to ask permission, I assure you that I will, in fact, ask the permission of the Congress before I use ground troops, if I make that decision.''  That is exactly what I said. And then we got a letter from the President which said essentially that. My purpose was not relating to the Constitution. My purpose was trying to keep the House from doing the thing I found to be imprudent, because I was worried that if they passed the resolution, which in fact they have the authority to do--the Congress--it would send a message to Milosevic and others that we were unwilling to use ground troops if need be.  The President was saying, ``I don't want ground troops now.'' So I said, ``The way to settle this, Mr. President, you don't have to give up what you think you're''--you may remember--I said, ``Mr. President, I think you do need authority from the Congress if you're going to send ground troops. But you don't have to give that up. You don't have to give up that legal argument. Say, `Notwithstanding the fact I, the President, don't think I need that, I promise you I will not introduce ground troops before I ask for your permission.' ''  That is not a constitutional commitment he is making. It is a personal commitment he is making, as President.  And my purpose, I say to my friend from Virginia, was to keep the House from voting on that inappropriate resolution ahead of time, the very inappropriate resolution that the Congress introduced and passed. That is why.  