 President, I have to say that I am disappointed in the foreign operations appropriations conference report. In my estimation then, and in my estimation now, this bill has two huge flaws: First of all, the bill as a whole is under funded. It simply does not dedicate the necessary monies for our nation's foreign operations.  The Administration has indicated that the President will veto this bill, and I approve that decision. The amount in this bill is nearly $2 billion less than the administration's request. That is unacceptable.  The second major problem is that, not only is overall funding inadequate, two essential programs have either faced draconian cuts, or have not been funded at all. It is on those programs that I wish to speak.  Perhaps the biggest failure of this bill is that it does not provide the amount that the President requested to support the Middle East Wye River Agreement.  I find it irresponsible that the conference report does not include a single penny to fulfill our commitment to support the agreement. Early in September, Israel and the Palestinian Authority signed an agreement to carry out Wye and to move to final status negotiations.  Just as the peace process is getting back on track, this conference report sends a signal of American retreat from our historic moral and strategic commitments in the Middle East.  The $800 billion in aid missing from the conference report for fiscal years 1999, and the $500 missing form this year's appropriation were requested to support Israel, Jordan, and the Palestinian Authority in critical areas.  In Israel, funds were requested to assist Israel in carrying out its military re-deployments and to acquire anti-terrorism equipment. In the Palestinian Authority, support was requested for education, health care, and basic infrastructure in order to reduce the influence of radical groups that thrive off of economic misery.  In Jordan, support is needed to bolster the new King as he takes bold and risky moves to support peace and aggressively fight terror.  The parties in the region will need to know that we are a reliable partner as they move to the most contentious issues in the peace process. This conference report calls into question our ability to carry out our commitments.  The second failure of this year's conference report is that it does not fund the Expanded Threat Reduction Initiative, an essential part of U.S. efforts to reduce the chances for the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction from the former Soviet Union.  Almost every one of the Department of State budget increases proposed in the Expanded Threat Reduction Initiative has been zeroed out in the conference report. This occurred despite the inclusion in the Senate bill of two floor amendments calling for the conferees to achieve full funding of these program requests. I regret that this message was ignored by the conferees, and Frankly I fear that their action could endanger our national security.  Some of the programs that are unfunded in this bill were to help Russia's biological weapons experts find new fields of work. If we fail to do that, these very same experts could later threaten our crops, our livestock, and our very lives.  Assistance for the Newly Independent States was decreased by 445 million from a Senate passed level that was already $250 million below the Administration's request. While it is unclear where the additional cut would be made, it could reduce existing non-proliferation assistance programs such as the International Science and Technology Centers in Russia and Ukraine. Through these centers over 24,000 former weapons scientists have found jobs in places other than nuclear and biological weapons labs in Iraq and Iran.  The same could be said for the Civilian Research and Development Fund. This foundation provides training for Russians who are former weapons scientist so that they can embark in nonmilitary careers. Not only the United States, but the entire world has benefited from this.  I accept the fact that Congress has to make some tough choices in all of our appropriations. There are literally a dozen more programs in this bill that I would like to see increased funding for. We cannot designate as much money as we would like in all the areas we would like. However, I believe that the programs I have outlined above are crucial to the effective execution of United States foreign policy.  By ignoring them, we are creating serious problems which may very well be costly to correct. Diplomacy and assistance are cheap compared to the price we pay when they fail. When the Senate passed its appropriation bill in June, I hoped that these flaws I have just discussed would be corrected. They were not. As it stands, I cannot support the conference report.  