  I want to begin by saying to Senator Hutchison, I think she is performing a valuable service. This debate needs to be undertaken. She and I have had very different views on the Balkans from the very outset. She, along with a majority of my colleagues, 3, 4, 5, 6 years ago, told me that bombing would not work in Bosnia and we should not be involved in Bosnia and they asked, ``Why are we getting involved?'' They were legitimate, real questions. And she could have turned out to be as right, though I think she and others have proved to be wrong.  No one knew then. I could not answer some of those questions then. I could not answer in 1992, when I came back from Bosnia and there was the report about what was happening in death camps, about the support of Milosevic across the Drina, with the VJ involved with the Serbs in Bosnia. I could not prove or convince people that there were massive massacres that had taken place and would be taking place. I could not convince anyone--either NATO or the President initially--that the longer we waited, the more the situation would deteriorate, and the harder it would be to put back together.  But the question I was always asked then is the one I am asked now as a vocal supporter of using force, along with NATO, to bomb Milosevic; and that is, people say to me now, ``Well, Biden, tell me what the last step is. You tell me the first step now. Tell me what the last step is. You've got to have an end game here, Biden. If you're talking to the President of committing to a lift-and-strike policy in Bosnia''--that was 6 years ago, or more than that now, 7 years ago--``you've got to be able to tell us, if you lift the embargo and you engage in airstrikes, what happens?'' The following are the contingencies--if you list them, they are all reasonable questions.  I say to my friend, the Presiding Officer and former Governor of Ohio, the truth of the matter is the world has changed so fundamentally that this calculus of what the last step will be is no longer relevant, especially if we try to answer it before the first step is taken. It leads to a policy of paralysis.  I remember arguing then with a man I had great admiration for then and do now, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Colin Powell. I remember him making the argument that unless we could submit front-end to put 300,000 troops in Bosnia, then we shouldn't put anybody in there. My argument was then and it is now that that thinking is an absolute policy for paralysis. I guarantee you that the world we are entering in the 21st century doesn't lend itself to that kind of calculus.  When there were two superpowers and we decided whether or not to go into Czechoslovakia when the Prague Spring was crushed, or when we decided whether or not we were going to invade the counteroffensive in Hungary when the Russian tanks rolled in, the calculus then was pretty clear. We could say if we responded, then there was a likely probability the Soviet Union would respond to our response, and there would be a likely possibility this would lead to World War III.  It was a reasonable calculus. We could do a cost-benefit analysis and ask if the cost of involvement was worth the possible payoff. And we do this balance, this calculus. We did this under Democrats and Republicans for 50 years and did it pretty darn well. Indeed, we won the cold war.  We are dealing with a different world now. We are not dealing with a group of people who are essentially cautious, who are part of a great empire, and who had scores of divisions along the Fulda Gap ready to roll into Western Europe if, in fact, war broke out. We are dealing now with a group of tin-armed dictators--malevolent, dangerous dictators.  In Iraq we are dealing with a man named Saddam Hussein. I heard when I urged, along with others, that we should bomb Saddam Hussein, ``If you bomb Saddam Hussein, what is the second, third, fourth and fifth step you are likely to take?'' We couldn't say then because these guys don't operate under the same rational basis that we do. They are cunning. They are smart. But they have fewer cards to play, and their cards are less obvious.  I approach things a little differently these days. I have been a Senator for 27 years, and I have been involved in foreign policy, deeply involved, for the bulk of that time here. I approach it this way now: Do we know what will happen if there is inaction? What happens if we don't act?  In Iraq, if we don't act, we know for certain Saddam Hussein acquires weapons of mass destruction. We know this because he has used poison gas before. We know he has used chemical weapons. We know he has invaded othercountries. We know that he has been willing to sacrifice tens of thousands of his people in a war with Iran. So we know where this guy is likely to go if we do nothing.  We have a different calculus now. In a superpower world, the calculus involved fairly cautious actors. We did not have Russian troops invading Latin America. We did not have Russian troops, in the wake of the Cuban missile crisis, storming into Cuba. We did not have Russians looking for opportunities to have a Russian soldier confronting an American soldier. It was a pretty cautious group of folks we dealt with. Dangerous, bad, an evil empire, but pretty cautious.  How about today? What is the downside of not acting? I will argue in a moment that it is immense. It is immense and it is clear, as clear as anything you can prognosticate in international affairs.  We must remember that we are a European power. Whenever I am asked why we would consider keeping 4,000-7,000 troops in Bosnia to protect 100,000 people from being massacred, I respond by saying that for 54 years we have kept as many as 365,000 troops in Europe to prevent the subjugation of people. We now have 100,000 soldiers currently deployed in that theater. Why is the idea of using 2,000-4,000 of them to keep people of Kosovo from being subjugated and massacred such a radical intellectual breakthrough?  Were the United States of America not deeply involved in the affairs of Europe, how many in this Chamber think Europe would be able to avoid the instability that has characterized it for 300 years? Who is going to step to the fore? France? England? Germany? They are all great nations, all great allies, but they suffer from disabilities we do not. They have lived on the continent for an eternity. They have old and deep animosities and differences and allegiances. All of Europe has a history of dealing with Serbs and Moslems, Albanians, Kosovars, Bosniacs, Croats, and it affects significantly their latitude.  What might happen were America to leave? Ask the French whether they would like to see us pull up stakes and leave Europe, bring the boys and the women home. Ask anyone who has spent a lot of time dealing with European affairs what happens if the United States disengages.  As a student of history and a participant in history, I ask whether America has ever been able to keep its distance from an unstable Europe. Lucky Lindbergh thought it was a good idea. A lot of other people who were more deeply involved in the conduct of foreign affairs thought it was a good idea. This questions represents an historic isolationism versus internationalism debate we have had in this country for over 200 years. Internationalists are characterized as adventuresome by their critics, and isolationists are characterized as narrow and self-interested by their critics. But it is a healthy, long-term debate.  My friend asks whether or not I would be happy to yield for questions. I am always happy to yield for questions from the Senator from Pennsylvania. I am not always able to answer them, but if he has a question, I am happy to yield.  