 President, I have spoken to our leader. I am going to close the debate on our side. I will use any time up to the amount of time that I have available.  My friend from North Carolina knows--I guess when people listen to us on the air they must wonder. We go through this, ``my friend from North Carolina'' and ``distinguished Senator from.'' I imagine people, especially kids or youngsters in high school and college, must look at us and say: What are they talking about, unless they understand the need for good manners in a place where there are such strong differences, where we have such deep-seated differences on some issues, where I must tell you--and I am not being melodramatic--my heart aches because we are about to vote down this treaty. I truly think, I honestly believe that, in the 27 years I have been here, this is the most serious mistake the Senate has ever made--or is about to make.  But that does not detract from my respect for the Senator from NorthCarolina, who not only is against the treaty, but wants to bring it up now, now, and vote it down. So I think it is important for the American people to understand. We have deep differences on this floor. In other places they have coups and they shoot each other. Because of the traditions of this body and the rules of the Senate, we live to fight another day.  My friend knows we came the same year; we came the same date; we came at the same time. I will promise him, and he will not be surprised, I will use every remaining day of this Congress to try to fight him on this issue--even though I am about to lose, we are about to lose, my position is about to lose--to try to bring this back up, try to push it, try to keep it alive. Because as the Parliamentarian pointed out, when you vote this treaty down today, it doesn't die; it goes to sleep. It goes back to bed. It jumps over that marble counter there, back over the desk to the Executive Calendar to be called up again.  I warn you all, I am going to be a thorn in your side, not that it matters much, but I am going to keep harping at it. I am going to keep beating up on you; I am going to keep talking about it; I am going to keep at it, keep at it, keep at it.  When we started this off, my objective was to get the kind of hearings--I know my friend says we have had hearings--the kind of hearings we have had on other significant treaties--10, 12, 15, 18 days of hearings. The ``sense of the Senate'' amendment that I was prepared to introduce two weeks ago called for Foreign Relations Committee hearings beginning this fall and final action by March 31, 2000.  That is what I was looking for because I truly believe that, were the American people and our colleagues able to hash this out in the way we designed this body to work, we would, in fact, find accommodation for all those concerns that 67 Senators might have; not 90, but probably 67, 68--70. I truly believe that. I truly believe that.  Instead, we got one quick week of hearings, with the Committee on Foreign Relations holding only one day of hearings dedicated to this treaty, the day after the committee was discharged of its responsibility.  That abdication of committee responsibility was perhaps only fitting, as most Republicans appear prepared to force this great country to abdicate its responsibility for world leadership on nuclear non-proliferation.  But let me say that in this floor debate, I have attempted at least to answer attacks leveled by treaty opponents. Neither side has been able to delve very deeply, however, given the time constraints and lack of balanced, I think, detailed knowledge on the part of our Senate.  For example, the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island and the Senator from Virginia are both friends. They are World War II vets. They have served a long time and they are among the two most honorable people I know. Senator Chafee--I assume he will forgive me for saying this--came up to me and said: Joe, check what I have here. Is this accurate, what I have here?  I said what I am about to say: It is absolutely accurate.  He said: But it is different from what my friend from Virginia said, Senator Warner said.  I said: I love him, but he is flat wrong. He is flat wrong.  I don't think anybody is intentionally misleading anybody. I do think we haven't hashed this out.  For example, there is a condition that we have adopted by unanimous consent, part of this resolution of ratification we are about to vote on, the last section of which says:       Withdrawal from the treaty: If the President determines      that nuclear testing is necessary to assure with a high      degree of confidence the safety and reliability of the United      States nuclear weapons stockpile, the President shall consult      promptly with the Senate and withdraw from the treaty.  He has no choice. He must withdraw.  My friend from Virginia characterizes this treaty as having no way out. If, however, the President is told by the National Laboratory Directors, by the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, ``We can't guarantee any more, boss,'' he must inform us and he must withdraw.  That is an illustration of what I mean. Here are two honorable men, two men of significant experience, asking one another and asking each of their staffs: Which is right?  In one sense, it is clear what is right: we haven't had much time to talk about it. We haven't had much time to talk about it.  The debating points and counterpoints are too many to summarize in a short statement in the probably 12 minutes I have left. But the themes of this debate are clear and so are the fallacies that underlie the arguments of those who oppose the treaty, at least the arguments made most repeatedly on the floor.  The first theme of the treaty opponents is that, while our nuclear weapons stockpile may be--they don't say ``may'', they say ``is''--safe and is reliable today, there is no way to do without nuclear testing forever. That is the first theme that is promoted by the opponents.  This argument is based on a fallacy rooted in our nuclear weapons history. The history is that our nuclear testing has supported a trial-and-error approach to correcting deficiencies, rather than rooting our weapons in detailed scientific knowledge of how a nuclear reaction works.  The fallacy is that nuclear weapons must be subjected to full-up, ``integrated'' testing. That is a fallacy. The truth is, rarely do we fully test major systems. Rather, we test components or conduct less than full tests of complete systems.  As my colleagues know, a truly full test of a nuclear weapon would require that it be tested as a bomb or as a warhead, as it is intended to be, and exploded in the atmosphere. All the experts tell you that. That is the only true, absolute way you know what is going to happen: test it in the atmosphere.  As the Presiding Officer knows, we have done without atmospheric testing for 36 years. We accepted the supposedly degraded confidence in our nuclear stockpile that results from this lack of full-blown testing.  Why have we accepted that? Because we balanced the benefits of full-up atmospheric testing against its disadvantages, and it was clear that the benefits outweighed the negatives.  When listing the benefits, we also noted how well we could assure the systems performance without these full-up tests. When listing the disadvantages, we included cost, risk of collateral damage, environmental risk, radioactive fallout, and the diplomatic or military costs that would have been incurred if we had rejected or withdrawn from the Limited Test-Ban Treaty which was signed in 1963.  Similarly today, we have to consider both the benefits and the disadvantages of insisting upon the right to conduct underground nuclear testing. We should include in our calculus the fact that the Resolution of Ratification of this treaty requires the President to withdraw from the treaty if he ``determines that nuclear testing is necessary to assure, with a high degree of confidence, the safety and reliability of the United States nuclear weapons stockpile.''  Guess what? Every year now, under the law, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Defense must not only go to the President, but must come to the Senator from Nebraska, the Senator from Delaware, the Foreign Relations Committee, the Armed Services Committee, and they must tell us, as well as the President, whether they can certify the continued safety and reliability of the stockpile. If they cannot certify, and if we adopt this Resolution of Ratification, the President has to withdraw from the treaty.  We will likely differ in our calculations of the balance between advantages and disadvantages of foreswearing underground nuclear testing. But we should all reject the fallacy that there is no substitute for continuing what we did in the past.  The second theme that opponents of the treaty keep putting out is that we have to reject this treaty because it is not perfectly verifiable. This argument is based upon a fallacy rooted in slogans and fear. The fear relates to the history of arms control violations by the Russians and the Soviet Union. The slogans are Ronald Reagan's election-year demand: Effective verification. And his later catch phrase: Trust but verify.  This body has never demanded perfect verification.  Consider the vote we had on the INF Treaty that eliminated land-based intermediate-range missiles. That treaty was signed by President Reagan. President Reagan, the same man who signed the treaty, also coined the phrase ``trust but verify.''  Was the INF Treaty perfectly verifiable? No. Nobody in the world suggested it was perfectly verifiable. Listen to what the Senate Intelligence Committee said before we voted on Ronald Reagan's INF Treaty. They said:       Soviet compliance with some of the treaty's provisions will      be difficult to monitor. The problem is exemplified by the      unresolved controversy between the Defense Intelligence      Agency and other intelligence agencies over the number of      SS-20s in the Soviet inventory.  We did not even know how many SS-20s, intermediate-range missiles, they had. The Intelligence Committee went on to say:       Ground-launched cruise missiles pose a particular difficult      monitoring problem as they are interchangeable long-range,      sea-based launch cruise missiles.  Which the INF Treaty did not ban. This was not verifiable. Where were all you guys and women when the Reagan treaty was up here? God love him: Trust but verify. I challenge anyone to come to the floor in the remaining minutes and tell me that the INF Treaty was perfectly verifiable.  I love this double standard. You wonder why some of us on this side of the aisle think this is about politics.  The fallacy is clear: Nobody really believes in perfect verification. The Senate approved Ronald Reagan's INF Treaty by a vote of 93-5, despite the fact that we knew the INF Treaty was far from verifiable. The legitimate verification questions are how well can we verify compliance and whether our national security will be threatened by any undetected cheating that could occur.  I say to my colleagues, we should end the pretense that only a perfectly verifiable treaty is acceptable. The only perfectly verifiable treaty is one that is impossible to be written.  Each side in this debate has agreed that the approval or rejection of this treaty could have serious consequences. I suggest that we pay some attention to each side's worst-case scenarios.  Opponents of the treaty have warned that a permanent ban on nuclear weapons tests could result in degraded confidence in the U.S. deterrent, perhaps leading other countries to develop their own nuclear weapons. Treaty supporters have warned that rejection of this treaty could lead to a more unstable world in which all countries were freed of any obligation to obey the Test-Ban Treaty.  Neither of these worst-case outcomes is very palatable. Any degraded foreign confidence in the U.S. deterrent would be limited, however, either by annual certification of our own high confidence in our nuclear weapons, or by prompt action to fix any problems--including mandatory withdrawal from this treaty if the President determined that testing was necessary.  Rejection of this treaty would not greatly increase the speed with which a nuclear test could be conducted, if one were necessary. The nuclear stockpile certification process already forces an annual decision on whether to resume testing, and the treaty would impost only a six-month delay after notice of our intent to withdraw. That means a total lag of 6 to 18 months between discovering a problem and being free to test--roughly what officials say is the minimum time that it takes to mount a serious nuclear weapons test, anyway.  By contrast, however, the worst-case scenario of Treaty supporters might not be so limited. As Larry Eagleburger, who served as Secretary of State at the end of the Bush Administration, wrote in Monday's Washington Times:       The all-important effort of the United States to stem the      spread of nuclear weapons around the world is about to go      over a cliff unless saner heads in Washington quickly      prevail.  Eighty years ago, this body rejected the Treaty of Versailles that ended the First World War. Woodrow Wilson's vision of a League of Nations to keep the peace was turned down by a Senate that did not want to accept such a U.S. responsibility in the world. While that vote was understood to be significant at the time, nobody could foresee that our refusal to take an active role in Europe's affairs would help lead to a Second World War only two decades later.  Today, eight years after the Cold War's end, the Senate is presented with a different kind of collective security proposition--an international treaty that can meaningfully reduce the danger that nuclear weapons will spread, a treaty enforced by an army of inspectors and a global system of sensors.  We cannot tell what the precise consequences of our actions are going to be this time, but the world will surely watch and wonder if we once again abdicate America's responsibility of world leadership, if we once again allow the world to drift rudderless into the stormy seas of nuclear proliferation.  World War II was a time of horror and heroism. A world of nuclear wars will bring unimagined horror and little room for the heroism of our fathers. We all pray that our children and grandchildren will not live in such a world.  Will the votes today have such a major, perhaps awful, consequence? We cannot say for sure, but I end by suggesting to all that the chance being taken by those who are worried about our ability to verify compliance and our ability to verify the stockpile is far outweighed by the chance we take in rejecting this treaty and saying to the entire world: We are going to do testing and we do not believe that you can maintain your interests without testing, so have at it.  We should all consider that this may be a major turning point in world affairs. If we should reject this treaty, we may later find that ``the road not taken,'' in Robert Frost's famous phrase, was, in fact, the last road back from the nuclear brink.  I heard, in closing--the last comment I will make--my friend say: Our allies will lose confidence in us if we ratify this treaty. The fact is, however, that Tony Blair called today and, to paraphrase, said: For God's sake, don't defeat this treaty. He is the Prime Minister of England, our No. 1 ally.  The German Chancellor said: Please ratify, in an open letter. The President of France, Jacques Chirac, said: Please ratify. So said our allies.  Larry Eagleburger's conclusion is one with which I shall end. His conclusion was:       The whole point of the CTBT from the American perspective      is get other nations to stop their testing activities and      thereby lock-in--in perpetuity--the overwhelming U.S.      advantage in weaponry. There is no other way to interpret a      vote against this treaty than as a vote in favor of nuclear      testing of other nations. It would stand on its head the      model of U.S. leadership on nonproliferation matters we have      achieved for over 40 years.       If the Senate cannot bring itself to do the right thing and      approve the treaty, then senators should do the next best      thing and pull it off the table.  As I used to say in a former profession, I rest my case, but in my former profession, when I rested my case, I assumed I would win. I know I am going to lose here, but I will be back. I will be back. I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of time, if I have any.  