 I heard some of our Republican friends use the old phrase ``if it's not broken, don't fix it.'' They can't stand status quo. I think they can't stand the fact that it is happening on Democrats' watch. I think part of the problem is they have to say something. It is similar to cops, the very thing they said would not work. It was terrible what Charlton Heston--or ``Moses'' Heston--said. They are going to have 100,000 social workers.  Regarding the deficit reduction package in 1994, every Republican leader stood up and said this will mean chaos, recession, loss of world stature, et cetera, et cetera. They turned out to be wrong; these things are working. Cops are making the crime rate go down. The deficit reduction package worked. We are now in a position where we are doing better than ever. It is as if they have to have something. We politicians, I know, sit there and say if the other party does something, or my opponent does something, and it works, instead of saying it is working, we have to think of something better.  I think the public is prepared to give everybody credit. Everybody deserves credit. The people who deserve the most credit are the people in the business community because of their productivity and the way they trimmed down. I can't figure it out. For the first time in my 27 years as a Senator, this seems to fly in the face of the orthodoxy of the Republican Party. I mean, if you had said to me 15 years ago--first of all, I would not have believed what I am about to say. But if you said to me 15 years ago: Joe, in 1999, you are going to be standing on the floor of the Senate, and one of the choices you are going to participate in making is not whether or not we balance the budget but whether we take money and reduce the accumulated national debt or give a tax cut, first of all, I would not have believed that option would be available. I would not have believed we would be in that position. Forget, for a moment, the two pillars: Social Security and Medicare. Leave them aside for a moment. I would have said: First of all, it won't happen. But if it does, on the idea of reducing the national debt, in every basic economics course you took when you were a freshman in college, they said if you can ever reduce the national debt, the impact upon interest rates, the impact upon home rates, the impact upon the economy would be incredible.  And then, if you asked me: OK, what do you think the Republican Party would do? I would say that is easy. They would reduce the debt. These are the pay-as-you-go guys, the guys who say pay off your debts. These are the guys who had a clock ticking in your city, in Time Square, or down by the railroad station, Penn Station, a big clock, saying the national debt is going up. It was paid for, I suspect, by some wealthy Republican. So the clock was ticking. And not only have we stopped the growth of the debt, but it is ticking in a way that we can have those numbers go in reverse.  