 President, I support the Soldiers', Sailors', Airmen's, and Marines' Bill of Rights Act of 1999. Like many of my colleagues, I am very aware of the strains on America's military personnel. I have only to look at the pace of operations at Dover Air Force Base, in my home state of Delaware. Dover's strategic airlift and air cargo terminal support every single on-going operation and new troop and equipment movement to Europe, Southwest Asia, and Africa. A quick look around the world today shows that Dover personnel are working hard, alongside their colleagues throughout the force, and need to be recognized with adequate pay and benefits. America's military is doing an exceptional job defending vital American interests in Bosnia, Iraq, and South Korea. Our troops are also using their incredible logistics skills to assist our Central American neighbors who have been devastated by hurricane damage. These are just a few examples among many of the United States' military working every day to create a more stable and safe world for all of us. In today's dynamic world, the military's task is a demanding one.  With this bill, we make it clear that we understand those demands and that we will continually strive to take better care of our troops. I have long been concerned that we have not always adequately addressed the compensation needs of our military, nor have we always provided for pay equity. For that reason, last year I amended the Defense authorization bill to include an increase in hazardous duty incentive pay for mid- and senior level enlisted aircrews. I am pleased that this year we have a comprehensive bill addressing the critical issue of compensation and equity. I have said it before and I will say it again, the patriotic men and women who serve in our military do not do so to become rich, but that does not change the very real needs they and their families have for adequate recompense.  The bill enhances the President's request for a pay raise, pay table reform, and changes to the military retirement system. The Joint Chiefs have said repeatedly that these three steps are their top priority this year. The 4.8 percent basic pay raise and the decision to increase future year raises by 0.5 percent more than the civilian raise index is an important step toward closing the pay gap between military and civilian employees. The pay table reform, which is identical to that suggested by the President, will make the pay structure more equitable and focused on performance.  Another important equity issue for the past thirteen years has been the military retirement system. The changes made in the summer of 1986 created an inequity in the retirement benefits for members of the armed services who chose to retire after 20 years. The end result was that experienced service members decided that the reward was too small to stay in the service for 20 years, compared to the benefits offered in the private sector and the needs of their families. This bill corrects that inequity by allowing personnel to revert back to the pre-1986 system of receiving 50 percent of their base pay. It also provides an option to stay with the post-1986 system of receiving 40 percent of base pay along with a $30,000 bonus. This sends an important message to our troops that their service and experience today are just as valuable and important as they were before 1986.  I want to compliment the committee, and the leadership of Senator Cleland, for including enhancements to the Montgomery G.I. bill. The original bill was written in World War II and needed to be adapted to the challenges that face members of today's military. Increasing the actual benefits and providing more flexibility in how they are used makes it easier for service members to attain their educational goals for themselves and their immediate family. In an era where education is increasingly vital and expensive, these changes are long overdue.  I am also pleased that this bill was amended to include important reforms of TRICARE, the military health carebenefits system. The bill will help the Department of Defense provide better services, reduce the bureaucratic hassle of obtaining those services, and make sure benefits are tranportable to different TRICARE regions. It also provides the necessary authority to increase the amount TRICARE reimburses providers in areas where such increases are needed to keep an adequate number of qualified health care providers available. Military health care systems must be able to compete with private health care systems for the services of quality providers. In addition, the bill will help the military better utilize its facilities by allowing TRICARE facilities to be reimbursed by other insurance agencies. It is my hope that this legislation will make it easier for American servicemen and women to get the quality health care they and their families deserve.  Finally, Mr. President, I share with my colleagues a concern that we need to be careful in our allocation of limited resources before we have adopted a budget. It is imperative that this bill actually help our troops and not create new resource problems in other areas. For that reason, I am also very pleased to see the requirement for the Secretary of Defense provide an annual report on how this bill impacts recruiting and retention. This requirement will allow us to measure the effectiveness of the bill and make sure that we have chosen the right mix of incentives for the brave men and women who work so hard in defense of all of us.  Overall, I believe this bill is an important step in support of our troops. It improves pay equity and overall compensation levels. It also addresses inequities in the retirement system and it enhances the benefit system, including military health care benefits. I support the bill and urge my colleagues to do the same.  