  I don't know where my friends have been. Every major police agency in the United States of America strongly endorses this particular bill. The National Fraternal Order of Police, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National District Attorneys Association, the National Association of Police Organizations.  You all ought to go home and speak to your chiefs. Find me in your State more than a handful of police officers who will come and say this is a bad idea. Find me anybody in this country who will say adding 92,000 cops on the street has not had an impact on crime.  Where have you been? What are we talking about here? This doesn't even pass the smell test. Those cops don't matter? Ask Rudy Giuliani, who picks up the phone and calls me and says, Joe, great idea, when the COPS bill passed.  Mr. Riordan, a Republican mayor in Los Angeles: Great bill.  I wonder if anybody goes home to their States. My Lord, I don't know where you all are. I look at these numbers.  Let's talk about that report. Remember, I said there are three kinds of lies: lies, damn lies, and statistics.  That report referred to by the inspector general says 1.2 percent of the COPS Program could have been spent better. Name for me a multibillion-dollar program the Federal Government has ever conceived that has a 1.2-percent problem.  Come on. As my daughter's friends would say, Get real. What are we talking about here?  I was so amazed by the assertions being made, I lost my train of thought here. The inspector general's report, ``Summary of the Findings of the IG,'' page II:       In considering our COPS audit results it should be kept in      mind that they may well not represent the overall universe of      grantees because, as a matter of policy, the COPS program has      referred to us for review those riskiest grantees.  Do you get this? Unlike the Defense Department, the Department of Education, any other Department, the Attorney General's Office said, we think maybe some of what we put out there may not be being used properly, so you go out and investigate for us. Give me a break.  When is the last time you heard someone at the Defense Department say: You know, we may have overpaid a contract; you ought to go investigate.  When is the last time you heard someone at the Department of Education say: You know, we think we may have given a school district too much money; go investigate.  With the Attorney General of the United States of America, in the COPS Program, there is a department called COPS. They said: We want you to look at this. We could have made some mistakes here. We are not certain that every municipality used this money for cops the way we wanted to use it. Go look at it.  Now these guys are trying to hoist them on their own request?  By the way, 1.2 percent? I ask my friend from Oklahoma, let's look at the Defense Department; 1.2 percent? I will lay you 8 to 5 I can find a 50-percent waste of money in half the programs you support: 1.2 percent, what an indictment. Come on. You do not like the COPS Program because it was not invented there.  By the way, I find it fascinating. One of my friends said: You know, part of the problem here is this has nothing to do with COPS. It had to do with political leadership.  Guess who has been in charge. A guy named Clinton. That is the first admission I have heard: Clinton reduced crime, more than the COPS Program. More than the COPS Program. I find that not true, but kind of encouraging.  Look, COPS makes a difference. Ask your folks back home, ask the people in the gallery, ask the people out in the street, where would they rather have their money being spent? This works. This works.  By the way, this bill has a little provision Barbara Boxer has in here. It says we will pay for all the money it costs to put a cop in a school. Go home and tell the folks you do not want to do that. Go home and tell the folks that is simply a local requirement.  Inflexibility? The reason it is under $25,000 is flexibility. We want to give them more flexibility to use the moneys they can use, still requiring the local municipality, the State, to put up their own money to do this. Come on, name a program that has worked this well. Name a program that has had this much success. Name a program that has this little amount of waste. Name a program that has fewer Federal strings attached to it. Name a program.  By the way: Oversight; oversight. We have had 5 years to have oversight. One of the reasons we have not had oversight hearings, I suspect, is you do not want to hear the results. Call in your mayors, call in your chiefs of police, call in your citizens, call in the PTA, call in the Marines. Call in anybody you want. Say: ``By the way, I'll tell you what we are going to do. We are going to cut funding for COPS, that's what we're are going to do.'' I dare you. Come on.  In New York City--I do not know how many New York received. I will tell you what, New York State over this period received--I bring up the subject because New York was mentioned --New York State has 10,550 cops. ``But they did not make any difference, by the way. New York is safer because there is a Republican mayor. That is the reason. COPS had nothing to do with this, nothing to do with this. I want you all to know that, COPS had nothing to do with crime going down.''  Does everybody hear that? Is everybody listening? ``The additional cops have nothing to do with this.'' That is the Republican position. COPS do not have anything to do with this. If they do, the Federal Government should not be involved.  Let me conclude by saying this. My friend says, why should the Federal Government be involved? Because Federal policy is part of the problem. The drug problem in America is a Federal problem, not just a local problem. A significant portion of the crime is caused as a consequence of the international drug problem, and it is a Federal problem, Federal responsibility.  I thank my friend. I hope my colleagues will vote for this amendment.  I yield the floor.  