 President, when the Prime Minister of Israel, the late Yitzhak Rabin, and the Chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, Yasser Arafat, signed the Declaration of Principles on September 13, 1993, they each made a commitment to put nearly a century of conflict behind them and agreed to settle their differences through negotiation.  Since then, the process they set into motion has had its ups and downs. Many innocent lives have been lost at the hands of those opposed to peace and reconciliation. But progress has been sustained because both sides have ultimately demonstrated a willingness to resolve their disputes at the bargaining table.  Were Chairman Arafat now to take the unilateral step of declaring a Palestinian state, I fear that it would threaten the progress that has been made over the past 6 years.  The Declaration of Principles stipulates that the toughest issues--Jerusalem, refugees, settlements, borders--are to be resolved by permanent status negotiations. It is dangerous to argue that the end of the interim period on May 4 gives either side the right to decide an issue that both sides agreed to negotiate.  Any action or proclamation by either side that prejudges the outcome of negotiations can only hurt the cause of peace. it invites the other side to respond in-kind, and it serves only to delay a lasting peace settlement.  Mr. President, last August, I had the opportunity to meet with the Chairman Arafat and Prime Minister Netanyahu. At the request of President Clinton, I discussed with them some of the key issues in dispute.  Contrary to what many were saying at the time, I found both leaders to be committed to the peace process. Not many believed that these two individuals would overcome the profound differences over territory and security that were holding up an agreement on the second redeployment. With the Wye River Memorandum, both leaders proved that negotiations can resolve disputes, if both sides share the same goal.  It is in that spirit that I trust that the Palestinian leadership will not proceed with a unilateral declaration of statehood.  I am confident that they will realize that their aspirations can best be realized through a commitment to the principles of negotiation.  I yield the floor.  