 President, I am happy to join my colleagues in introducing this important legislation. In particular, I want to thank Senator Chafee for his foresight and leadership on this most difficult issue. The science, politics, and economics of climate change all present major issues, and only someone as dedicated and tenacious as Senator Chafee could provide the leadership to get us to this point today. My good friend, Joe Lieberman, who has been another leader in the Senate on this tough issue, and Connie Mack, deserve our thanks for bringing us together around this first step in the long path toward managing the problem of climate change.  The science of climate change is sufficiently advanced that we know we face a threat to our health and economy; but we are only beginning to come to grips with how we can manage that threat most effectively, and--this is the key--most efficiently. Climate change presents us with a classic problem in public policy--it is a long-term threat, not completely understood, to the widest possible public. And it is an issue whose resolution will require taking steps now with real costs to private individuals and businesses, costs that have a payoff that may only be fully apparent a generation or more in the future.  Mr. President, we have learned a lot in the years that we have been making federal environmental policy here in the United States. We have much more to learn, but we have made real advances since the early days, when we did not always find the solutions that got us the most environmental quality for the buck. The bill we are introducing today reflects one important lesson: businesses can be a creative and responsible part of the solution to environmental problems. In fact, it is fair to say that we would not be here today if it were not for the leadership of groups like the International Climate Change Partnership and the Pew Center on Global Climate Change, both of which have provided a forum for responsible businesses to reach consensus on this issue. Significantly, it was a leading environmental group, the Environmental Defense Fund, that has provided indispensible technical expertise to turn good intentions into the bill we have here today.  Drawing on our experience with tradable sulphur dioxide credits, this bill looks to the day when we have reached the kind of agreement--whether based on our evolving commitments under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change or some other authority--that establishes an emissions credit trading regime for greenhouse gases. The best science--and political reality--tells us that current rates of greenhouse gas emissions are likely to result not only in measurable change in global temperatures, but also in a public demand to do something about it. That in turn will change the cost of doing business as usual for the industries that are major sources of those gases.  But right now, if responsible firms--like DuPont and General Motors, if I can mention just two that operate in Delaware--want to do something to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, they not only get no credit in any future trading system--they actually lose out to firms that decide to delay reductions until such a system is in place. Those who procrastinate, under current law, not only avoid the cost today of cleaning up their emissions, but they would be in a position to receive credits for the kinds of cheaper, easier steps that more responsible companies have already taken. This is certainly not the way to encourage actions now that help air quality in the short term. And every action we take now, by reducing the long-term concentrations of greenhouse gases that would otherwise occur, lowers the overall economic impact of complying with any future climate change policy.  One way out of this problem, Mr. President, is the bill we are introducing today--to assure firms who act responsibly today that their investments in a better future for all of us will be eligible for credit. At the same time, we will thereby raise the cost of delay.  As with so much in the issue of climate change, this bill is a work in progress. Different kinds of firms, with different products, processes, and histories, face significantly different problems in complying with the demands of an early credit system. We must be sure that we provide the flexibility to encourage the widest variety of reductions. And while we want to encourage the greatest reductions as soon as possible, we must be sure that we have the best information--and credible verification--on the effects of various kinds of early action. Without accurate verification and reporting, we cheapen the value of actions taken by the most responsible firms.  This bill marks a real change in our approach to climate change: we have moved beyond the days of heated, irreconcilable arguments between those who see climate change as a real threat and those who don't. Now, cooler heads can discuss the best way to face the future that we are building for our children.  