 President, I have served since January of 1973 with the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. We have been on opposite sides of a lot of issues, occasionally on the same side. I have seen and listened to and been on the opposite end of some very powerful and difficult speeches he has made. But I am presumptuous enough, know him well enough to say until now he has never had a more difficult time making a speech than today.  There is a reason for that, to state the obvious. There is an old expression: You can know a man by his enemies. I suggest you can judge a man by his friends. Anybody who had a man of the stature of Admiral Nance love him as much as Admiral Nance loved this guy, means there is something awful, awful, awful, awful good about the Senator from North Carolina.  I am not doing that really to be solicitous. I truly mean that and I believe that. The irony of all ironies, as I told the chairman, on the Friday before Bud died, the chairman asked him whether or not he could come down to my office to see if we could work out--and we did, by the way--work out some legislative language and discuss a nominee. We sat there with staff--his staff and mine. Afterwards, the staff left and Admiral Nance and I sat there for the better part of 45 minutes, basically askinghim questions and him telling me stories.  They were all about Jesse Helms, his buddy. They are all about the guy he grew up with and loved. I suspect, one of the few men or women, other than Mrs. Helms, who has ever been able to tell the chairman: Enough, Jesse; slow down, Jesse; no, Jesse. Senator Helms, I don't think in all the time I have known him, has ever respected anybody as much as he respected Admiral Nance.  It was a wonder to behold, I think my Democratic colleagues would agree with me, to watch this relationship. It was almost, I say to my friend from North Carolina, like you had an older brother, a brother who loved you and guided you and occasionally, like all of us do when you sort of get off and you were going too far or not far enough, would whisper in your ear, would put his hand on you--I watched him put his hand on your shoulder. It was like he didn't have to say anything to you. So all Members on this floor and all Members watched in wonder and with a sense of envy the relationship the Senator had with Admiral Nance, and we have an appreciation for how difficult a moment this is for you.  We respect you for your ability to pull it off with the grace that you have thus far.  Mr. President, I have only on a couple occasions in 27 years come to the floor to pay a tribute to a staff member. We have had great, great, great, great staff members who have guided us all. I think the best kept secret from the American people is the incredible quality, patriotism, capacity, educational achievement, and personal commitment of the staffs that sit back in these chairs behind that rail. It is a trite thing to say, but the Nation could not run without them.  I know of no staff member who was the peer to this fellow, Bud Nance. The Senate family and the Nation--it sounds like hyperbole--suffered a loss when Admiral Nance passed away. Since 1971, Admiral Nance has been the staff director of the Committee on Foreign Relations, serving first as the minority staff director, and then as the staff director for the minority under the chairman and senior Senator of North Carolina, Mr. Jesse Helms.  Working in the Senate was something of a second career for Admiral Nance. Prior to coming to the Senate, Admiral Nance spent 35 years in the U.S. Navy. A pilot by training, Admiral Nance rose to hold several senior command positions on aircraft carriers, including command, as mentioned earlier, of the U.S.S. Forrestal and senior commands in the Pentagon. He retired in 1979 with the rank of rear admiral. I might note, parenthetically, one of the great, great, great, great advantages of having Bud Nance, with the ideological divisions that exist in matters relating to foreign policy, was that you always knew you would get down to the final question of how it worked.  I remember two Fridays ago talking to him and him saying--I hope no one is offended by my saying this--the reason why we haven't in the committee taken the administration to task on some of the NATO questions is I know how hard it is to get consensus in NATO. I sat there. I was in charge of planning. I know how difficult it is.  He also knew how easy it would have been for the committee, under the chairmanship of the Senator from North Carolina, to demagog the living devil out of the targeting questions and whether or not the French and the Germans and the Brits--he said until you are there and have to get 15 other nations to agree on something, you have no notion how difficult it is.  To steal a phrase from the chairman, this is one little vignette that illustrates how, even though he had serious disagreement with the policy of the President of the United States, he believed it wasn't fair play--my translation, not his; mine--to take advantage of something, that the people wouldn't understand how complicated it was, but he understood that it was complicated. It was just simply not fair game to take advantage of it, in addition to the fact he always thought of the people who were jumping in the cockpits of those planes. He always thought of the people who were over there putting their lives on the line.  That came from 35 years of experience. It wasn't merely because he was a good, honorable and decent man which you will hear more about, because he was. You can ask any of my colleagues, and I suspect my Democratic colleagues will say the same. All Bud Nance had to do with me is say that this is what we are going to do, and I can absolutely, positively trust it as certain, as certain as if my closest staff aide said that to me.  The magic of Bud Nance was he made each of us feel like he was our staff, like he was looking out for our interest. I knew without any question that if he said something to me, even if there was a miscommunication between the chairman and Bud Nance, the chairman would never undercut Bud Nance, either that whatever Bud Nance said was going to happen.  You have no--yes, you do, Mr. President. I was going to say you have no idea. You do have an idea. Anyone who serves here has an idea what an incredible, incredible asset that is. If we were able to do that, if we had that kind of faith in each other's staffs, this place would move so much more smoothly than it does because so much is necessarily propelled by staff.  During the 1980s, Admiral Nance served as deputy assistant to President Reagan for national security affairs, and in private business with the Boeing Corporation. In 1991, his boyhood friend, Jesse Helms, as the chairman has indicated, who grew up in the small town of Monroe, NC, called Bud Nance to serve his country once again. Although at the time he got the call he had long-since retired and he was 70 years old--a time when most people would choose to take it easy, spend time with their wives, their children and their grandchildren--Bud Nance answered the call of his friend, Jesse Helms, and he came to work for the Foreign Relations Committee. He did so not out of a desire for power or money, to state the obvious. In fact, he received only a nominal salary, which at one point, as he enjoyed putting it, amounted to a few dollars per week. That is literally true, by the way--literally true. Because of this law we have about double dipping, literally he worked for pennies here--full time, 60 hours, 70 hours a week. He worked literally for nothing.  Rather than the dollars, he enjoyed the work--because of his powerful sense of duty to his country and its people and his powerful and palpable loyalty to the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee.  In the last several months, as he struggled with illness--and I might point out, for the last year anybody else would have quit. Anybody else would have walked away and everyone would have said: God bless him. We understand.  Here is a guy whose hands were literally beat up because of the transfusions, because of the IVs, because of all of the painful way they had to go to get blood. They could not get it out of his veins anymore. They had to go into his hands and his feet. He came in black and blue--black and blue, barely able to walk. I would say: Bud, what in the heck are you doing here? He'd say: We have to get this done. No problem.  I never, never, never heard him complain. I never watched him even wince knowingly. This is a guy who literally dragged himself in and out of the hospital to show up for work. Instead of staying at home, getting the care he needed in the hospital, he kept the staff and all of us focused on the task at hand.  In my 2\1/2\ years as ranking member of the committee, I came to know Bud even better than I did the previous years, both as a professional colleague, and, I am presumptuous to say, and this is presumptuous--as a friend.  I was kidding with the chairman the other day. I said: You know, Jesse, my mom has an expression.  I will not mention the little girl's name, but I remember as a kid I got picked up second on the bus on a long bus ride to school, about a 35-minute ride. Every morning, a little girl who was not very popular and wasn't very attractive, every morning would get on the bus. It would be empty and she would sit next to me. Then everyone else would fill up the bus by the end.  I would get home and I would say to my mother: Mom, every morning--I will not mention her real name; it was not Sally--Sally gets on the bus and sits next to me. All the guys make fun of me. The girls even make fun of me--because Sally was not a particularly popular little girl.  I will never forget what my mother said. My mother said: Joey, remember one thing. Anybody who loves you, there is only one thing you can do. Love them back.  It is real simple. I was kidding the chairman the other day. I know Bud Nance loved me because he knew how much I thought of him. He didn't have a choice. He may not have wanted to, but it was in his nature. He couldn't return the affection. So, although I do not have one one-hundredth of the history or the relationship that the chairman had with Bud Nance and it seems presumptuous for me to call him a friend in the shadow of his closest friend in life, I want you to know, Mr. Chairman, that a lot of us--and you will hear from more--a lot of us took great personal pride in believing that Bud Nance liked us. The mere fact that Bud Nance liked us in part validated what we did here. That is a remarkable thing, Mr. Chairman. That is a remarkable thing to say about any individual.  His word was his bond in a literal sense. Although he worked for a darned Republican, Bud Nance was far from partisan. I always wanted to ask him--and I never did, Jesse--about back in the days when you were a Democrat, I suspect he was, too, back in those days. I kind of harbored the illusion in my soul a little bit that maybe--maybe he still was. I knew he wasn't, but maybe he still was.  