 President, on my time, in response, I think the Senator from Georgia has narrowed it precisely. Let me tell you why I think the side on which he errs is the biggest chance. There is a safeguard F in this treaty which says that if at any time those laboratory Directors certify that they cannot certify the reliability of our stockpile--and they must do it once a year--and communicate that to the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy, and they concur with that judgment, which most assuredly they would, barring their place in history being besmirched in a significant way, then we have in this treaty the absolute authority, under safeguard F, to withdraw.  So the reason I believe we should err on the side of not testing nuclearly--knowing that if, in fact, it becomes necessary to safeguard us, we can get out legally in a moment's notice--is that failing to take that very small chance, we open up a door that cannot be closed, or is difficult to close. If, as a consequence of no treaty, China begins significant testing and MIRVs ICBMs and moves them from 18 to 800, or 8,000, or 5,000, if in fact Pakistan and India test further so they can deploy their weapons on the nose cones of missiles that can be fired, it is incredibly more difficult to turn that clock back, to put that genie back in the bottle, than it is for a President of the United States, upon the recommendation of the Secretaries of Defense and Energy, saying, Mr. President, get out, get out.  The last point I will make is this: I know of no program--and I stand to be corrected--where there has been a quantum leap in the capacity of a country that has taken us by total surprise, where we have had less than a year's notice. The likelihood of any fundamental change in the strategic balance during the year period, during the last certification and the next certification, is not reasonable. We are the only Nation in the world with the sophisticated capability to even approach that possibility. So that is why I respect my friend from Georgia, and he knows I do. That is why I decided we are taking very little chance relative to a gigantic chance if we turn the treaty down.  I yield the floor.  