 President, I rise before you today in support of increased funding for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Specifically, two programs--housing vouchers for low-income families and the Community Builders program--of interest to both Delaware and the nation, need additional funding that is not in this bill. I hope that my comments will be helpful to my colleagues when we eventually head into conference on this bill.  Before I speak, I wish to commend the managers of this bill. Competing demands and good programs are a recipe for tough choices. These managers have done an excellent job in moving this bill along smoothly and effectively and with a spirit of comaraderie.  But this bill would not fund a single new housing voucher for low-income Americans to obtain housing. Not a single one. This just makes no sense for two basic reasons. First, these vouchers enable low-income families to afford a reasonable place to live, to afford decent housing--but we now have more than one million Americans waiting for housing assistance. Not only are these numbers abominable, but Americans are waiting months and even years to get affordable housing. In my home state of Delaware, people are stuck on waiting lists for an average of 10 months for public housing and 18 months for section 8 vouchers. In Philadelphia, just down the road, the waiting time is 11 years. In Cincinnati, it is 10 years. How can we be freezing a program that provides housing vouchers when, before the freeze, HUD-assisted households were growing at a rate of 107,000 households per year? We are freezing out the elderly, persons with disabilities, and persons trying to get close to a good job. And what is the alternative for these million people on waiting lists? It is substandard housing or a paycheck that goes almost entirely to rent.  Second, we are in a time of booming growth and prosperity. A time when we have an actual surplus in our treasury. But not all Americans are touched by this prosperity, as evidenced by the waiting lists. In fact, many Americans are discovering that they cannot pay their rents because this economy has driven up the cost of their rents. Over 5 million families have severe housing needs in this country. These vouchers are all the more necessary as rents rise more and more out of reach.  The administration has asked for a conservative number of new housing vouchers. These 100,000 vouchers would go to the elderly, the homeless and worst-case housing needs. In addition, these vouchers would support people moving from welfare to work. Mr. President, we are creating new jobs in this economy, but the people that need these jobs are not living where these jobs are. These vouchers would help get people to where they need to be in order to work and get off the welfare rolls. Last year we voted to add 90,000 new vouchers, the first growth since 1994. If we vote for new vouchers now, 259 families in Delaware would be able to receive housing assistance. To provide no new vouchers seems just unreasonable.  This bill also terminates the Community Builders program. This public service program has put HUD out into the community to strengthen and revive our neighborhoods. Frankly, in the past, HUD has not been an exemplary representative of good bureaucracy. But this administration has gone to great lengths to turn things around--and begin to provide services effectively and skillfully to our communities. The Community Builders program is a successful example of this turn-around. The program is not even 2 years old, yet what it has accomplished in my state of Delaware is remarkable.Let me tell you what the Community Builders program is doing in Delaware and why it is important.  We did not have a HUD presence in Delaware before the Community Builders. Now, for the first time, Delaware has a direct link to HUD programs. Let me tell you what that means. In Delaware, we have some pretty amazing people who are trying to help their communities by developing projects to create jobs and fair housing. They have the will and Community Builders gave them the way. The Community Builders, who are experts in technical assistance, are training these people on how to start community development programs.  Besides providing expertise, this program has literally put people on the street who facilitate and coordinate the community's access to HUD programs. Let me give you another example. Next week in the Terry Apartments on Bloom Street in Wilmington, computers will be installed for its elderly residents. The Community Builders helped secure the funding for these computers. It also teamed with the University of Delaware so that next week, people will come to the apartment building to train these residents how to use the computers. This means that persons living in section 8 buildings will now have access to the internet.  I have seen letter upon letter sent to HUD thanking them for what this program has brought to Delaware. Let me quote for you a letter from Patti Campbell at the University of Delaware written to HUD:       The Delaware Community Builders have been instrumental in      our continued progress on building community Neighborhood      Networks, and have made possible the first ever Statewide      strategic discussion and conference of faith-based community      development groups. The input and advice from HUD's Community      Builder . . . provides a unique housing perspective that has      helped the program make strong, well-thought out strategic      decisions. This expertise is an invaluable tool that assists      in the forward progress of many of our affordable housing and      community based programs. HUD's Community Builders have a      unique position in Delaware in that they can offer      information about the overall community-based development      process with the full knowledge and support of HUD's broader      programs.  As this letter vocalizes, the Community Builders have created a partnership connecting organizations trying to develop affordable housing in Delaware--and has built their capacity to do so. It is clear that closing this office in Delaware, which would happen if this program is disbanded, would harm this partnership.  Mr. President, again, I commend the managers of this bill. This bill would be an even better one if it secured more housing for the people that need it and if it continued HUD's presence in local communities. I hope that my colleagues will be able to find the resources to fund these programs by the time this bill comes out of conference.  I know my colleagues are ready to move on. Let me make three broad points. It will take about 3 to 5 minutes.  No. 1, the fact is, we have asked the Housing Department, HUD, to become more innovative. We have asked them to trim down. We have asked them to become more efficient. We have asked them to become more customer oriented. I think under Andrew Cuomo they have done just that. Now, because of problems beyond the control of the subcommittee, this is the caboose at the end of the train that is going to be empty. This is not going to get the kind of attention, the whole of HUD is not going to get the kind of attention, it deserves.  The second point is very basic. My colleague from Missouri made a very compelling argument about section 8. He made the point, why this tax cut is so brain dead, why we are here talking about cutting what everyone on this floor acknowledges there is a need for, recognizing but not saying that in order to be able to come up with a surplus of $1 trillion over 10 years, which is the projection, that encompasses a 20-percent cut across the board in all programs. If we increase defense, it means a 40-percent cut in some programs.  Here we are debating, tying up the end of a session. This is totally beyond the control of my colleagues on the subcommittee, totally beyond their control. I am not suggesting they agree with what I am saying. I am telling Senators, this is the classic example of why we are in such trouble.  Here we are with this booming economy, a projected surplus, very few appropriations bills passed. The only thing we are talking about is an $800 billion tax cut that now has been vetoed and now it is said there will be no compromise on until next year. We are spending a surplus we don't have, and we are kidding the American public that there is somehow a painless way of arriving at the surplus so we can give it back in a tax cut.  I defy anyone to tell me how we are going to meet the needs. Democrats and Republicans have stood up, to the best of my knowledge, and said: You are right; we have this serious section 8 problem; we have this serious problem in providing affordable housing; we should do something about it. Tell me how you do it. This, as well as education, as well as 10 other things we could name--defense, where we all acknowledge there are significant needs--by spending a surplus we don't have and that is premised upon a continued cut of 20 percent beyond what we have cut over the last 6 years on balance.  As the grade school kids used to say, I hope we get real here. These folks managing this legislation can't manufacture an allocation. They can't come up with magic money. I hope people who are setting policy, making the decisions about how to proceed on these overall budget items and how to deal with the projected surplus, which seems to have us completely tied up in knots--I have been here for 27 years. My friend from Massachusetts has been here longer than I have. I don't ever remember a time when things were in as much disarray at the end of the year and in the appropriations process. The difference is, nobody has a plan. Nobody has a plan. At least when Gingrich was in charge over there, they had a plan. There was a light at the end of the tunnel. It was the proverbial freight train, but it was a light. He had a plan--a bad plan but a plan. We don't even have a plan.  We are careening down this hill, having no notion what is going to happen. At least I don't have any notion. Maybe others are smarter than I am and can tell me what is going to happen in the next week, 2 weeks, 1 month, 6 weeks. I have no idea. I don't think there is a plan.  The plan relates to having a rational strategy towards the budget in terms of how we are going to deal with this booming economy, this projected surplus, and the spending priorities. Mark my words, this is not the only one. My friend from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, and my friend from Illinois have talked about education and how it has gotten just gored--no pun intended. This is crazy.  I hope saner leaders decide how to approach this problem, so we are not here talking about something we all think we should do something about and the American public, with the economy booming, can't understand why we can't do something about. Yet we have no idea how to do anything about it. I find that fascinating, I find that deplorable, and I find that frightening.  I hope this illustration on this small issue in relative terms is able to be looked at by people. If there is a problem here, it is everywhere. All these priorities we say we want, and yet we are fighting over a surplus that doesn't exist and trying to give away $800 billion in a tax cut.  