 President, I yield myself 2 minutes, and then I would be happy to yield to the Senator.  I want my colleagues to note--they may not be aware of it, and I wasn't until a few minutes ago--as further consideration of how this may or may not affect the events around the world there apparently has been a coup in Pakistan where the Sharif government fired their chief military chief of staff when he was out of the country. He came back and decided he didn't like that. He surrounded the palace and surrounded the Prime Minister's quarters. The word I received a few moments ago--I suggest others check their own sources--was that there is going to be a civilian government installed that is not Sharif, and that the military will do the installing. I cite that to indicate to you how fluid world events are. We should be careful about what we are doing.  I also point out that today before the Foreign Relations Committee, Dr. William Perry, the President's Korean policy coordinator and former Secretary of Defense, testified that failure to ratify the CTBT will give North Korea ``an obvious reason not to ratify the CTBT.''  Dr. Perry, the Secretary of Defense in President Clinton's first term, endorsed ratification of the treaty. He said it serves well the security interests of the United States.  I cite that only because it is current.  Lastly, I would say that listening with great interest to the last several speakers I find it again fascinating that this is a lot more than about CTBT. It is about ABM. It is about what our nuclear strategy should be.  My friend from Arkansas, as well as others who have spoken, has great faith in our ability to erect a nuclear shield that can keep out incoming nuclear weapons in the scores, dozens, or potentially hundreds, which is a monumental feat, if it can be accomplished--we may be able to accomplish it--but don't have the confidence that those same scientists could figure out a way to take a weapon off the nose of a missile, look and determine whether or not it has deteriorated. I would suggest one is considerably more difficult to do than the other. But it is a little bit about where you place your faith.  Lastly, I, point out for those who are talking about verification--my friend from Arizona heard me say this time and again, and I would suggest you all go back and look at, if you were here, how you voted on the INF Treaty, the Reagan INF Treaty, or if you weren't here, what President Reagan said because many of my friends on the Republican side quote Ronald Reagan when he says ``trust but verify.'' Nobody can verify the INF Treaty. The intelligence community--and I will not read again all of the detail; it is in the Record--indicated we could not verify the INF Treaty, and we said and the Reagan administration said and President Reagan said in his pushing the INF Treaty that no verification was possible completely. Yet with the fact that we didn't even know how many SS-20s they had, it was concluded that they could adapt those to longer range, interchange them with shorter-range missiles and longer-range missiles, and hide them in silos. But my Republican colleagues had no trouble ratifying that treaty, which was not verifiable, or was considerably less verifiable than this treaty.  If you quote President Reagan, please quote him in the context that he used the phrase ``trust but verify.'' And he defined what he meant by ``verify'' by his actions.  The military under President Reagan said the INF Treaty was verifiable to the extent that they could not do anything that would materially alter the military balance. No one argues that we cannot verify to the extent as well. But it seems as though we apply one standard to Republican-sponsored treaties by Republican Presidents and a different standard to a treaty proposed by a Democratic President. I find that, as you might guess, fascinating. I will remind people of it now and again and again and again. But I yield the floor.  