 President, my friend from California, the distinguished Senator, Mrs. Boxer, feels a sense of compassion about a number of things, one of which is this amendment, and the way in which she, for the past 15 years, has been fighting and successfully, for the most part.  I have been at her side to make sure we, quite frankly, keep dolphins from being killed unnecessarily. It sounds like a simplistic message, but it is as basic as that.  What happened is we got rolled last year by the administration and by the Senate because there are more votes here. We had the Dolphin Protection Act in place. I will not take the time to discuss it now. Actually, it was basically eviscerated by what took place.  I was not particularly pleased with Vice President Gore's position on this, the administration's position, nor the position of my distinguished friend whom I respect very much, Senator Breaux, and the distinguished Senator from Alaska. That was a formidable array we faced, and we essentially lost.  What did we do last year? Last year, we did basically what the treaty said, and said: Look, we have this mechanism set up where everybody pays their fair share to make it work. The treaty says that. And I will again, in the interest of time, not recite the elements of the treaty which say that and point out how the following sentence can be distinguished that lays out the proportional requirement to participate in this.  But the bottom line is very simple. We made an agreement last year involving countries in question. They said they agreed, the administration promised, and the Senate said everybody will pay their fair share. Simple. Wrong.  We are paying 70 percent or more of the administration of this arrangement, and we should only be paying 40 percent. The distinguished Senator from California comes along and says: Hey, look, let's make it 50 percent. We will pay more than we should, but not this disproportionate amount. And if they do not pay as they promised, they should not get the benefits that flow from the agreement that encompasses their participation.  So it is real simple, I say to my distinguished friend from South Carolina, who asked me to be brief. I will be brief. This is not fair. The Senator from California is right. She is willing to have us pay more than our fair share but not essentially twice what our fair share is.  So I support the amendment, and I hope the managers of the bill may see fit, based on their sense of justice and their notion of fairness, to accept the amendment.  I yield the floor.  