 President, I rise in support of this conference report on the Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999. When this so-called ``Ed-Flex'' bill was last before this body, it contained a plan to cut back on the commitment this Congress made last year to help put 100,000 new teachers in our schools. Now that this contentious provision has been removed, I'm pleased this afternoon to support the final passage of this bill and to clear this measure for the President's signature.  There's little doubt that education is something that can help set an individual free or consign him or her to a lifetime of uphill battles. And as a Nation, the quality of our educational system can make us a world leader or relegate us to a second-class status.  While most education decisions are--and should continue to be--made at the state and local level, the Federal Government has a crucial role to play in helping schools to educate all our children for the high-tech world of the 21st Century. I believe this bill will help us to better reach our goals.  All across America, parents, teachers, school boards, students, and policy makers are looking to improve their schools, and the Federal Government has offered help to schools in developing and instituting innovative reforms. In 1994, we took the important step of setting up a demonstration program in six states to allow certain regulations in Federal education programs to be waived if those regulations impede progress on school improvement efforts. We later expanded that demonstration program to twelve states.  This legislation we are passing today will allow all states, including Delaware, the same flexibility that was afforded the states in the demonstration program. The Federal dollars will still be spent for the purposes intended, but states will be freed to use the money in the most efficient and creative ways, most responsive to local needs. Importantly, this bill also includes strong provisions to ensure that schools will be held accountable to meet educational goals.  In the struggle to improve our education system, this is an important step in promoting new ideas and solutions to better our schools and make the most of our education dollars.  