 President, I yield myself a few minutes to respond. I will take no more than 3 minutes.  I hope all Members have observed why my friend from Arizona is such a good lawyer. He did get your eye off the ball. He started off talking about England and France and our allies and Japan and then shifted to Sri Lanka, China, and Russia and talked about why we should not yield to international opinion. No one has suggested we yield to Sri Lanka, China, and Russia in international opinion.  The suggestion made is exactly stated: Allies urge ratifying a test ban treaty. Why? Because they believe it is in their critical interest. They don't lack confidence in our ability to maintain our stockpile. They signed and ratified the treaty.  This circular argumentation going on is we should not ratify because wewon't be able to protect our allies; but our allies say you should ratify because we want you to ratify, we feel fully protected.  Who do you believe? Our allies saying they want us? They signed; we want to sign.  Second, I point out this missile defense rests upon our allies in Great Britain and in France and in Norway allowing us to be able to put sensors in their country in order to be able to have a missile defense. That is the way it will work.  What will happen is, we turn down this treaty that they signed, that they think is in their interests, and now we go to them and say: By the way, we want you to help us with a missile defense for our country--not yours, a theater missile defense for our country. How about it, fellows, what do you think?  The third point I would make is: China can only be a threat to our theater missile defense. They have about 18 weapons right now. They can only be a threat to us if they are able to MIRV their missiles, if they are able to get sophisticated. Under this agreement, the intelligence community uniformly concludes that we could detect anything they are doing to get to the point where they were MIRVing those missiles, taking any of the stolen data they have gotten from us and using it. So what are we going to do? We reject this treaty, thereby giving a green light to them to do what they want to do without violation of any international law, thereby putting in jeopardy the very missile defense system my friend from Arizona thinks is so critical for our security.  I find it fascinating. Keep your eye on the ball.  I yield the floor. I see the leader. Welcome, leader.  