 President, I am going to take about 5 minutes to respond to my friend from Alabama. He may have to catch a plane or something. I hope he will understand that, if he is not on the floor.  First of all, I find it fascinating. I think he may want to amend the record--I am being a bit facetious, a little tongue in cheek--amend the record by suggesting that he has greater faith in headline writers and reporters than he does in the transcript I am about to read.  I don't know whether he has ever been bitten by a headline. We all know headline writers read--and no oneknows this better than my friend from North Carolina--the part of the copy that is given to them, and they get to write the headline they want. Sometimes it bears little resemblance to what happened. I hope we don't put any faith in a headline. I am not suggesting we shouldn't put faith in what is written by reporters sometimes. What was said in this article is accurate, but it is not complete. As my friend from Alabama said, we do not have one voice speaking on this, but we do have one record, one record from the hearing. I have a copy of the record from the hearing conducted in the Armed Services Committee yesterday, page 59. I will read the whole thing. It will take a minute.       Senator Levin. Therefore, what you are telling us is that      if this safeguard [the Strategic Stockpile Program] and other      safeguards are part of this process that you can rely upon,      that in your words, Dr. Robinson, you are on board in terms      of this treaty; is that correct?       Dr. Robinson. I am on board that science-based stockpile      stewardship has a much higher chance of success and I will      accept it as a substitute.  Going on to page 60.       Dr. Robinson. As a substitute for requiring yield tests for      certification.  The tests he is referring to are nuclear tests. Then further on down, Dr. Tarter says:       I can only testify to the ability of stockpile stewardship      to do the job. It is your job, about the treaty.       Senator Levin. Are you able to say that, providing you can      rely on safeguard F--  My description: Safeguard F is the safeguard that allows the President to get out of the treaty if the lab Director certifies that he is not able to certify the safety and reliability.       Senator Levin. Are you able to say that, providing you can      rely on safeguard F and at some point decide that you cannot      certify it, that you are willing under that condition to rely      on this stewardship program as a substitute for actual      testing?       Dr. Tarter. Yes.  Further down, same page:       Dr. Brown. Senator Levin, if the government [the      laboratories] provides us with the sustained resources, the      answer is yes, and if safeguard F is there, yes.  Now I am not suggesting all else that is quoted is not accurate. But it is useful to have a punchline at the end of the quotes. It may be viewed as tortuous; it may be viewed in any way you want. I don't think my friend from Alabama means that because these renowned scientists happen to work for the Federal Government--they also, by the way, are in the employ, if I am not mistaken, of outside laboratories and industries as well, or at least on loan from them--I hope nobody is suggesting--and I am sure he is not--that they would alter their testimony because the President of the United States or the Secretary of Energy takes a position that is consistent with theirs, and that is why they are taking it.  I know my friend from Virginia will want to respond to this today, or Tuesday, or whenever he wants to do it. We will have plenty of time. I did not want there to be a hiatus between the comments of my friend from Alabama and my responding. I will conclude, I say to my friend from North Carolina. I think we should be--and believe me, I need this admonition for myself as well--a little careful about some of the words we use, such as ``unilateral disarmament.'' I don't think anybody is arguing we are unilaterally disarming.  At any rate, I see my friend from Virginia has come down from on high and I assume wants to respond.  I yield the floor.  (Mr. Inhofe assumed the Chair.)  