 President, I will be happy to respond.  I think the Senator and I agree that there has hardly been any public knowledge or discussion of Kosovo. One of the reasons I am speaking on this matter is that I feel obliged to lay out the background on this issue: what is going on, what is at stake, why we must act, and the consequences of our action. I agree with what is implicit in the Senator's question: The American public has not been given sufficient facts to allow them to be informed as to whether or not the course of action the President wants to take is, in fact, wise.  I was telling my staff as I walked over here that, this weekend, I came out of a 5 o'clock mass, and a friend of mine--a very informed fellow, who is, I think, a supporter--pulled me aside on the steps of the church and said, ``Joe, look, you may be right, and I tend to trust your judgment in foreign policy; but I have tried my best to read everything I could.'' I listened, and he used this phrase: ``I listen to MacNeil/Lehrer Newshour every night, and I am waiting to hear somebody explain to me this deal in Kosovo. I know you spent a lot of time, Joe, on the Bosnia thing, but isn't this different? Explain it to me.''  Then, the Wednesday before, I was at a St. Patrick's Day function where we raised money for a fund in the name of a deceased mayor, and a very intelligent fellow, a graduate of Annapolis named Healy, a premiere builder in our State, said, ``Joe, I'm a Republican''--I hope I am not going to get him in trouble--``but I've been liking you for a while. Joe, for God's sake, don't go down this bombing route.'' Then I started to explain some things to him and didn't change his mind, but he said, ``I didn't know that.''  These are two illustrations, and I think you could probably canvas the gallery here and ask them how much they have heard about Kosovo and what do they know, and whether they believe what we are apparently about to undertake makes any sense. The very sure answer to your short question is that, no, the public is not sufficiently informed.  At our recent meeting at the White House, you will recall that I, and I think the Senator from Pennsylvania and others, stood up repeatedly and said, ``Mr. President, ultimately, you must educate the public.'' The President told us that in his first news conference he was going to lead with Kosovo.  But I have said to him and to the national security adviser, as well, that I believe the President has to address the Nation. I think the President should go on television at prime time, and take a half hour and literally, with a map and a pointer, sit there and say: This is Kosovo, this is why it is important, this is what happens if we don't act. When we act, if we do, we think we will bring about the following result. American forces probably will be killed, but possibly not. None were in Bosnia, but this is a much more sophisticated air defense system in possession of the VJ. They are much more sophisticated militarily than we faced anywhere with a bombing campaign in Bosnia, and it is possible that American forces will be hurt.  