 President, let me begin by thanking my senior colleague, Senator Roth, for carrying the load on this.  As we look forward to Memorial Day observances this weekend, most of us will take time to reflect on the honorable and noble traditions of our military. The amendment sponsored by myself and my good friends Senator Roth, Thurmond, and Kennedy is an effort to make sure Congress does its part to uphold those noble traditions.  Just to highlight two or three points: First of all, my friend from Virginia talks about the historical record. The historical record was made at that time when history was least likely to be served in the immediate aftermath of a national tragedy, and a need for an explanation that the country yearned and desired. I am not suggesting those who conducted the original investigation had any benevolent intent. I am suggesting that history is best viewed with a little bit of distance. There was not any distance. I just ask everyone to think about what would happen if something, God forbid, similarly happened today and this Senate, this body, and the administration decided they needed to investigate something immediately. My overwhelming instinct tells me there would be a need to find specific individuals who were responsible in order to satisfy our collective need for an answer.  I respectfully suggest that that is what happened here, and I respectfully suggest, as well, that we should not be fearful of the truth and we should not be fearful of going back in this open society of ours and not rewriting history, but setting the facts straight.  Ultimately, it is the President who must take action, but it is important that we in the Senate send the message that the historical truth matters and that it is never too late to acknowledge that the government did not treat the two commanding officers at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, fairly.  Here's how I see it. Admiral Husband E. Kimmel and General Walter Short were publicly vilified and never given a chance to clear their names.  If we lived in a closed society, fearful of the truth, then there would be no need for the President to take action. But we don't. We live in an open society. Eventually, we are able to declassify documents and evaluate our past based on at least a good portion of the whole story. I believe sincerely that one of our greatest strengths as a nation comes from our ability to honor truth and learn the lessons from our past.  If we perpetuate the myth that Admiral Kimmel and General Short bear all of the blame for Pearl Harbor then we miss the real story. We fail to look at the readiness shortfalls they were facing--the lack of adequate reconnaissance planes, pilots, spare parts, and maintenance crews. We fail to look at the flawed intelligence model that was used--the disconnect between what was obtained and what got to the commanders in the field.  I mention these things in particular because there are some striking parallels to the problems facing today's military. Today's problems are of a different scope and scale, but it is important to see the parallels so that we can accurately judge our progress and our endemic problems.  The historic record is not flattering to our government in the case of the two commanding officers at Pearl Harbor and that is why it is our government's responsibility to acknowledge its mistake. I want to emphasize that point, because it is important.  In last night's debate over this amendment, both those for and against it agreed on most of the facts. Where there was disagreement, it seems to me, was in what to do about the facts. I believe we should urge the President to take action, because government action in the past shrouded the truth and scapegoated Kimmel and Short.  I know Senator Roth and Senator Thurmond discussed some of the history last night, so I will just briefly review some of the critical parts.  In 1941, after lifetimes of honorable service defending this nation and its values, Admiral Kimmel and General Short were denied the most basic form of justice--a hearing by their peers. Instead of a proper court-martial, their ordeal began on December 18th with the Roberts Commission. A mere 11 days after the devastating attack at Pearl Harbor, this Commission was established to determine the facts.  In this highly charged atmosphere, the Commission conducted a speedy investigation, lasting little over a month. In the process, they denied both commanders counsel and assured both that they would not be passing judgement on their performance. That assurance was worthless. Instead, the Commission delivered highly judgmental findings and then immediately publicized those findings. The Roberts Commission is the only investigative body to find these two officers derelict in their duty and it was this government that decided to publicize that false conclusion. As one might expect, the two commanders were vilified by a nation at war.  Every succeeding investigation was clear in finding that there was no dereliction of duty. The first of these were the 1944 Army Board and Navy Court reviews. Again, it was government action that prevented a truthful record from reaching the public--a decision by the President. The findings of both of these bodies that placed blame on others than Kimmel and Short were sequestered and classified.  Fifty-seven years later, such falsehoods and treatment can no longer be justified by the necessities of war. Rear Admiral Husband E. Kimmel and Major General Walter Short were not singularly to blame for the disastrous events of Pearl Harbor in 1941. In fact, every investigation of Admiral Kimmel and General Short's conduct highlights significant failings by their superiors.  This amendment does not involve any costs, nor does it seek any special honor or award for these two officers. It does not even seek to exonerate them from all responsibility. Instead, it seeks simple fairness and their equal treatment. They are the only two eligible officers from World War II denied advancement on the retirement lists to their highest held wartime ranks.  I know my colleague from Virginia is concerned that there may be a long list of junior officers who can make similar claims. It is my understanding that there was a list of officers from World War II eligible for advancement under the Officer Personnel Act of 1947. Admiral Kimmel and General Short were the only officers on that list that were denied advancement on the retirement list.  I want to stress again for all my colleagues that this amendment simply sets the record straight--responsibility for Pearl Harbor must be broadly shared. It cannot be broadly shared if we fail to acknowledge the government's historic role in clouding the truth, nor if we continue to perpetuate the myth that Kimmel and Short bear singular responsibility for the tragic losses at Pearl Harbor.  These two officers were unjustly stigmatized by our nation's failure to treat them in the same manner with which we treated their peers. To reverse this wrong would be consistent with this nation's sense of military honor and basic fairness.  As we honor those who have given their lives to preserve American ideals and national interests this coming Memorial Day, we must not forget two brave officers whose true story remains shrouded and singularly tarnished by official neglect of the truth.  We introduced this amendment as S.J. Res. 19 earlier this year and it now has 23 co-sponsors. As I know Senator Roth indicated last night, it has the support of numerous veterans organizations and retired Navy flag officers. These knowledgeable people and about a quarter of the Senate have already spoken up on behalf of justice and fairness.  I urge the rest of my colleagues to join us and support this amendment.  