 President, I understand I have a few minutes to speak, and I will take only a few minutes right now and reserve the remainder of the time when I have completed.  I want to be very brief at this point. Mr. President, I want to separate out two aspects of the Gregg amendment: One I wish to compliment him on, and one I am going to remain silent on. The one part I want to compliment him on is that I think the reauthorization of the violent crime trust fund for another 5 years is the single-most significant thing we could do to continue the war on crime.  In 1994, when we introduced the Biden crime bill, which eventually became the crime bill of 1994 which had the 100,000 cops in it, the Violence Against Women Act, and many other things, toward the end of that debate, with the significant help of the senior Senator from Texas, Mr. Gramm, who didn't like many aspects of my bill, and the senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Byrd, who did like the bill, we all agreed on what was viewed as sort of a revolutionary idea--that crime control was the single-most undisputable responsibility of the Federal Government domestically. We can argue about whether there should be welfare. We can argue about whether we should be involved in education. But no one can argue about the requirement of the Government of the United States to make the streets safe. That is the starting point for all ordered society.  So we had an idea, and the three of us joined together to set up a violent crime trust fund. The way we did that was not to raise taxes for America because everybody kept saying: Biden, your bill, over the next 5 years, is going to cost over $30 billion. They were right. Putting 100,000 cops on the street costs a lot. Building thousands of new prison cells costs a lot. Spending money on prevention costs a lot. The total of the Biden crime bill was about $30 billion over 5 years in 1994 when I introduced it.  They said: How are we going to pay for it? None of us likes telling the citizens the truth. We all like lying to you, telling you we are going to find a magic way to do this that is not going to cost you any money. The American public wants safer streets, and they have gotten them, I might add. Crime has gone down significantly every year since the crime bill was introduced. I am not claiming it is only because of that, but it is in large part because of that.  So the way we reached this accord was Senator Gramm, who wanted to see the size of the Federal Government cut even more urgently than--I will speak for myself--even more urgently than I did--we codified, as part of this deal, the agreement that we would let 250,000 Federal employees go. We would shrink the size of the Federal Government. And we did.  The second part of the agreement I wanted was that the paycheck we used to pay the person working in the Justice Department or in the Defense Department or at IRS, who was not going to be rehired, we take John Jones' paycheck and put it into a trust fund to do nothing but deal with violent crime in America. Not an innovative notion--that concept of a trust fund--but it is fairly radical in terms of applying a Social Security-type trust fund--only this does have a lockbox--a trust fund of dedicated revenues to deal with nothing but crime.  The good news about that and the reason I felt so strongly about that at the time I wrote the bill was it is the one place no one can compete. If it is in general funds--and to people who don't share my view about the single-most important responsibility of Government is to maintain order--it is in competition. If it is general revenues, the COPS Program or the prevention programs or building prisons is in competition with money for education, money for the space program, money for the Defense Department, and money for every other function of the Government. By having this trust fund, though, it is not in competition with anything. It is there. It is set aside. It is similar to a savings account to fight crime.  I respectfully suggest that it worked. Now, under the Biden crime bill, which is due to expire this year, the trust fund will end. This special, dedicated pot of money that nobody can compete for, which is not paid for by raising taxes, is paid for by not lowering taxes because it is legitimate to say: Biden, if you eliminate the trust funds, you can take John Jones' paycheck, the guy who left the Treasury Department in 1997, and you can give it back to the taxpayers as a tax cut.  That is true. But I choose safe streets over tax cuts. The tax cut would be minuscule, I might add.  So when I heard that my friend from New Hampshire was taking language essentially the same as the Hatch-Biden bill that passed out of here in juvenile justice, the same as the language I have been reintroducing everywhere I can and in every bill I can in the last 4 years, I thought not only is he an enlightened fellow but there has been a bit of an epiphany, that, my Lord, the powerful chairman of the subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee has seen the Lord, has seen the light, and I was overjoyed.  So I said to my staff: I am going to go up there and compliment him. Literally, I said this this morning. They said: Don't be so quick. I said: Why? They said: There is a little kicker here. The kicker is once this amendment that you, Biden, have fought so hard for over the last 12 years, even before the crime bill was passed--once it is adopted, there will be a little amendment attached to it that has to do with the way this place functions procedurally, affecting how we can move substantively.  I will not speak to that. I will only say and plead with my friend from New Hampshire, if and when the second issue is resolved, however it is resolved, that he not walk away from the substantive beauty of his amendment as it relates to the trust fund. I don't want to get into a fight with him aboutlegislating on appropriations and second amendments and the rest. I want to say to him publicly that I truly appreciate the practical impact of reestablishing the violent crime trust fund, if we can do it.  I hope in this procedural fight that is above my pay grade right now, which is about to take place, that a casualty of this fight will not end up being us committing for another 5 years to do what we did in the last 5 years--bringing crime in America down. The way to do that is to guarantee that the law enforcement agencies of the United States for 5 years do not have to compete with anybody, and we don't have to raise anybody's taxes. We are taking those old paychecks, and we are going to continue to make a deposit, similar to a trust fund in a family, for cops, for prisons, and for prevention.  