 President, I rise today to support, along with the senior Senator from North Carolina and several other colleagues, the Serbia Democratization Act of 1999.  Mr. President, the last year has removed any lingering doubt that Slobodan Milosevic, rather than being part of the solution of the problems in the Balkans, is the problem. Milosevic has started, and lost, four wars during this decade: first with Slovenia, then with Croatia, then with Bosnia and Herzegovina, and finally with NATO over Kosovo. I would not be surprised if he were soon to make Montenegro, with its democratic-reformist government, the fifth target of his aggression.  Earlier this year, Milosevic was indicted as a war criminal by the International Tribunal at The Hague. As my colleagues have heard me recount, I told Milosevic to his face way back in 1993 in Belgrade that he was a war criminal and should be tried at The Hague. So in one sense I am gratified that he finally has been officially charged. On the other hand, I know that as long as Milosevic remains in power in Serbia and Yugoslavia, there is no chance for lasting peace and reconstruction in the Balkans.  In short, Milosevic must be replaced by a democratic government. This is no small order. Serbia is not exactly overflowing with genuine democrats, although there certainly are some. The problem is that many of them squabble among themselves, thereby wasting precious energy that should be devoted to unseating Milosevic.  Moreover, Milosevic runs an authoritarian state, ruthlessly suppressing dissent, threatening his opponents--even sometimes attempting to assassinate them, purging the army and police, and cynically dominating the electronic media so as to misinform the Serbian public.  Clearly it is in the national interest of the United States to use every legal means to undercut Milosevic and to assist the democratic opposition in Serbia.  With that in mind, we have introduced S. 720, the ``Serbia Democratization Act of 1999.'' The following are the major provisions of the legislation.  The Act supports the democratic opposition by authorizing one hundred million dollars for fiscal years 2000 and 2001 for the purpose of promoting democracy and civil society in Serbia and for assisting the Government of Montenegro. It also authorizes increased broadcasting to Yugoslavia by the Voice of America and by Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.  The Act offers assistance to the victims of Serbian oppression by authorizing the President to use authorities in the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to provide humanitarian assistance to individuals living in Kosovo and to refugees currently residing in surrounding countries.  The legislation codifies the so-called ``outer wall'' of sanctions against Yugoslavia by multilateral organizations, including international financial institutions.  It also authorizes other measures against Yugoslavia, including blocking Yugoslavia's assets in the United States; prohibiting the issuance of visas and admission to the United States; and prohibiting strategic exports to Yugoslavia, loans and investment, and military-to-military cooperation.  The legislation also contains miscellaneous provisions, including requiring cooperation by Yugoslavia with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, and a sense of the Congress declaration on the ownership and use of diplomatic and consular properties in the United States.  Mr. President, a good deal has been written in recent days about possibly easing the sanctions regime against Yugoslavia out of concern for its people. I do not believe that such a move would be in the interest either of the Yugoslav people, or of the United States.  A look at the precedent set in the Republika Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina is instructive. After the Dayton Accords were signed in late 1995, the Congress passed legislation in which no assistance could be given to the Republika Srpska, which was then ruled by the war criminal Radovan Karadzic and his gangster clique in Pale. Meanwhile the Muslim-Croat Federation could receive assistance.  Within two years a majority of the population of the Republika Srpska had observed the modest, but real economic recovery in the Federation and realized the futility of sticking with Karadzic and company. The result was, first the presidency of Mrs. Biljana Plavsic, and later the reformist government of Prime Minister Milorad Dodik, which is still clinging to power in the new capital of Banja Luka.  I believe that if we keep up the pressure on the indicted war criminal Milosevic, a similar process will eventually occur in Serbia. Conversely, if we were to loosen the legitimate sanctions on Yugoslavia, it would constitute a stunning triumph for Milosevic.  Mr. President, this week a delegation of leaders of the Alliance for Change, an umbrella organization representing more than forty democratic political parties and groups in Serbia, has been visiting Washington. I met with this group. They asked only that we lift sanctions against Serbia after a free and fair election results in Milosevic's fall from power. They are confident of victory in such an election; I hope they are right.  It is in this spirit, Mr. President, that we must hold out carrots to the potential democratic successors of Milosevic. Therefore, in a move to facilitate the transition to democracy, the Act authorizes the President to furnish assistance to Yugoslavia if he determines and certifies to the appropriate Congressional committees that the Government of Yugoslavia is ``committed to democratic principles, the rule of law, and is committed to respect internationally recognized human rights.''  The Act also contains a national interest waiver for the President. The President may also waive the Act's provisions if he certifies that ``significant progress has been made in Yugoslavia in establishing a government based on democratic principles and the rule of law, and that respects internationally recognized human rights.''  In the meantime, I approve of our government's political support of a pilot program run by the European Union whereby emergency heating oil shipments are made to two Serbian cities that are governed by opponents of Milosevic. If the project succeeds--that is, if the oil is delivered and Milosevic does not succeed in taking credit for the shipments--the United States might join in financing the program, which would be extended to other cities.  With regard to direct, material help to the anti-Milosevic forces, there are many genuine democratic organizations at the grassroots level and in the media in Serbia who could make a measurable difference if they had the means to spread their message. The United States Agency for International Development is already modestly supporting some of these organizations, and it has drawn up a list of additional potential recipients.  In addition, through the SEED Act our State Department has recently made funds available through non-governmental organizations in Slovakia--a novel and promising approach. I believe that we can also utilize the democratic government in Romania to assist the democratic opposition in Serbia.  I believe the time is ripe for simultaneously maintaining the pressure on the criminal Milosevic regime, and for increasing our material support to the democratic opposition.  The Serbia Democratication Act of 1999 does just that, and I urge my colleagues to vote for its adoption.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  