  Mr. President, I send this amendment on behalf of the primary sponsors: The Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter; the Senator from New York, Mr. Schumer; the Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer; and the Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Kohl; and others.  This is a pretty straightforward amendment. My amendment extends for another 5 years the COPS Program which was created in the 1994 crime bill. As we all know, the COPS Program has put over 100,000 police officers on the--well, they are not all on the street yet, but it funded 100,000 police officers, of whom about 11,000 are in training now. I have put on the desk of every Member of the Senate a list of the number of police officers, State and local police officers, that have been funded under the COPS Program in their States.  I have put on the desk of every Member of the Senate the reduction in violent crime, in property crimes, that has occurred in their State since the crime bill of 1994, which was passed, and I would make the argument that we do not have to reinvent the wheel here; it works. Cops on the street through the COPS Program work.  The COPS Program is going to expire next year. Our amendment authorizes $1.15 billion per year through the year 2005.  Let me explain what it does. There is $600 million more for police on the streets every year, which would give the States up to another 50,000 police officers over the next 5 years. This money, though, can always be used to retain current officers hired under the COPS Program; it can be used to pay overtime; it can be used to reimburse current cops for college and graduate school courses up to a percentage of the total money here.  Since the original crime bill was the Biden crime bill that became the 1994 crime bill--we put in this COPS amendment. At the time, we were told by everyone, whether it was liberal newspaper editorials saying, we have tried this before and more cops don't work, or conservatives arguing that this was just a great big social welfare program--it was going to hire a bunch of social workers--we have demonstrated that it had never been done before and it works when it is done.  I am reminded of the quote attributed to G.K. Chesterton. He said, it is not that Christianity has been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and left untried.  The truth of the matter is, up to the time of the crime bill of 1994, we had never made a full blown major commitment to help local law enforcement officers increase their number. We have, in fact, increased the number of cops wearing uniforms--of local police officers, not Federal cops--by 100,000 cops. The crime rate has plummeted, not solely because of that but, I would argue, in large part because of that.  Now, I have been here long enough to know that one of the dangers of being here long enough and having worked hard on setting up a government program, which you thought about and conceived and worked on for years and years to get adopted, is that you become a captive of your own program. So the Senator from Pennsylvania and I would talk, back in the early days when he got here and I got here, about community policing and how important it was.  Cops didn't want community policing. Mayors did not want community policing. No one wanted it. My friend from Pennsylvania talked about career criminals and pointed out that only 6 percent of the criminals in America committed over 60 percent of the violent crimes in America. To both of us, it didn't seem like rocket science. If you focused on going after that 6 percent and you put more cops on the street and you took them out of patrol cars and put them on a beat, that would have a positive impact.  I didn't have the experience my friend from Pennsylvania had of being a prosecutor. I might add, the office he was the chief prosecutor of in Philadelphia tries more criminal cases in 1 year than the entire Federal system tries in a year. The entire Federal system tries fewer cases than are tried in the Philadelphia prosecutor's office, the Philadelphia DA. I didn't have the experience, but I was smart enough to listen to him. And I was smart enough to listen to enough people who have been out there and had the experience. So as hard as it is to believe, it took us about 6 years to convince people that putting local cops on the beat made sense.  I have spent, as has the Senator from New Mexico who was on the floor, a long time in this body. I think we both agree that if you take this job seriously and you sit in hearings year after year, day after day, month after month, unless you are an absolute idiot, you eventually learn something. Every single, solitary criminologist, every single expert, every single person who testified before the Judiciary Committee in the 16 years I chaired it or was a ranking member, said, we don't know a lot about crime but one thing we know: If there is a cop on this corner and no cop on the other corner and a crime is going to be committed, it is going to be committed where the cop is not.  The second thing we know: If you have a cop in a neighborhood and they get to know the folks in the neighborhood, a simple thing happens--trust gets built. They know the cop's name. If they know who the cop is, they are going to be more inclined to call the officer aside when a crime has been committed and say, Officer John, I know who did that. If it is a wave-by and a cop is going by in a car and he is not a community cop, they don't want to take the chance of putting them on the line.  I realize these are very simple, basic, trite-sounding things I am saying, but this program works. It works well.  There are a lot of ideas here that ended up being rejected because they do not pass the test of ``not invented here.'' I realize there are some concerns, on the part particularly of my Republican colleagues, that this may be--and I am not talking about the Senator from Pennsylvania or anyone in particular--a program that is viewed as being identified with the Democratic Party, the President; therefore, why do we keep it going for another 5 years?  I respectfully suggest that there have been some incredibly good ideas that have come out of the Republican caucus, including the block grant notion for police departments, including more flexibility to be given to local law enforcement officers. I want my colleagues to know--and I understand the limitations my friend from Utah had in being able to reach an agreement here--I was prepared to accept the community block grant portion of the Republican program in order to get a consensus in this process. We didn't get there. I hope that when this passes, if it passes, we can still, as we move on through this year, move on to that good idea as well. I didn't try to incorporate it here because it is not my idea, it is the idea of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and others on the Republican caucus with whom I have to agree.  Now, let me say this: One of the things we learned from the COPS Program and its functioning is that, as well as it works, it can be made to work better. I say to my friend from New York, Senator Schumer, he hasbeen deeply involved. He carried this load in the House when we did this in 1994. He was a leader on the COPS Program. What he and I have both found out from our local law enforcement officers is that they need more flexibility. They need to be able to use this COPS money in ways that go beyond hiring a new shield, to be able to keep cops who are on the beat and use this money. They also want to be able to pay overtime, because they get the same coverage as they would if they hired a new cop, if they are allowed to pay overtime. So we built into this extension of the COPS Program more flexibility.  To the best of my knowledge--my staff is behind me; I don't have it in front of me--I believe every major police organization has endorsed this and endorsed it on this bill, because it works.  The second thing--and I will shortly yield to my friend from Pennsylvania, and then I want to reserve time for my friend from New York as well--is that there is $350 million in here for law enforcement to get new technologies to enhance crime fighting, such as better communications systems so cops in different jurisdictions can communicate, and even the ability to target hot spots, and new investigative tools like DNA analysis. The cops have come to me and they have said, this is what we need; this is what we need.  I am one who believes that as long as they keep doing the job as well as they have been, we should give them the tools they need.  There is one last piece, and then I will yield. The cops have been doing such a good job that the prosecutors in Senator Specter's old office are overwhelmed. They are overwhelmed. You put 100,000 more cops on the job, 545,000 cops who have already been on the job and who had not been in community policing but are all now community police, and you have had a phenomenal impact on crime, but also a phenomenal impact on putting more pressure on the court systems in the State and local governments.  So there is in this bill $200 million for community prosecutors to expand the community policing concept to engage the whole community in preventing crime. These cops, as I said, have been so successful with their jobs that the next piece of the puzzle, the new bottleneck, is State prosecutors. Local prosecutors, they need help. So the next major piece of this bill is $200 million for community prosecutors.  Lastly, you are only allowed to use a portion of the COPS money for this, but one of the things the cops have come to us and said is, we have a lot of cops who want to increase their education; we have a lot of cops who want to go back to college, who want to be better cops. If you are a schoolteacher in most districts and you go off and teach school and you go off and get your graduate degree, the school district helps you pay for that. I think we should be allowing the cops to take a portion of the money they get and pay for the continuing education of law enforcement officers. I still believe that the greatest safety lies in educated police officers who fully understand the Constitution, who increase their educational background. So that is another innovation in this bill.  There is much more in it that I will not bore the floor with at this time. I know a lot of people are trying to get through this bill. I respectfully suggest--and it is imprudent of me to say this--I think this is, in a substantive sense, the single most important amendment we could add to this bill.  I guarantee you--and I am willing to bet anybody in this body dinner--that if we add another 50,000 cops out there and this technology, we are going to have a significantly greater impact on reducing juvenile crime than we would without it. It works, folks. Let's not reinvent the wheel.  I have a parliamentary inquiry, Mr. President. How much time remains in control of the Senator from Delaware?  