 President, I am delighted that the Senate has agreed to pass S. 331, the Work Incentives Improvement Act of 1999, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important legislation.  This bill helps maintain the autonomy and self-worth of some of our most vulnerable citizens, the disabled, by removing barriers that prevent them from returning to work. Disabled citizens in Delaware and elsewhere almost uniformly state that their most important goal is to return to work, not only for the income but for the need to be productive. However, because our laws currently put many obstacles in the way of disabled individuals who want to return to work, they often discover that they are better off financially and medically if they remain unemployed.  The Work Incentives Improvement Act helps tear down some of these perverse provisions of law that block the disabled from achieving their goal of becoming productive, taxpaying citizens. First, and probably most important to the disabled, this bill helps them maintain appropriate health insurance through extensions and expansions of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Most employer-sponsored insurance does not provide the specific types of coverage that the disabled need to enable them to return to work.  Second, the Work Incentives Improvement Act helps the disabled obtain appropriate employment and vocational rehabilitation services through the Ticket To Work and Self-Sufficiency program, which extends access to such services provided by the private sector.  Finally, this bill continues the demonstration project that allows the disabled who return to work to keep a portion of their cash payments as their work income increases; currently, the abrupt loss of these payments when income reaches a specific threshhold has been a severe disincentive for the disabled to return to work.  Mr. President, I am honored to be a cosponsor of this important legislation that helps restore the disabled citizens of Delaware and throughout the United States to their rightful places as equal participants in our society, and I applaud its passage by the Senate.  