 President. I think there is. If I may respond.  There are several. There is a third and a fourth alternative. One of the alternatives would be, were the resolution merely to say: Mr. President, by concurrent resolution, we believe you do not have the authority to put ground troops in place without our authorization; we expected that you would request of us that authorization before you did, that would create an incredibly difficult political barrier for any President to overcome. It would not be an advance cutoff of funds.  I do not recall where we have in advance--in advance of a President taking an action--told him that we would limit the availability of funds for an action he says he has not contemplated undertaking in advance. I think it is a bad way to conduct foreign policy. I think it complicates the circumstance. It sends, at a minimum, a conflicting message. At a minimum, it sends the message to Europe, for example, and our allies, that we, the U.S. Congress, think the President is about to send American forces in when he has not said he wishes to do that.  Secondly, it says in advance, to our enemies, that the President cannot send in ground forces unless he undoes an action already taken, giving an overwhelming prejudice to the point of view that the President could never get the support to use ground forces.  I understand my friend from Pennsylvania--and I have said this before, and I mean it sincerely, there is no one in this body I respect more than him, but he has indicated that he would be amenable to a consideration of the use of ground forces, if asked. But I suspect that is not how this will be interpreted in not only Belgrade but other parts of the world. I think it will be interpreted as the Senate saying they do not want ground troops to be put in under any circumstances. That is not what he is saying. But that is, I believe, how it will be interpreted.  So let me sum up my response to the Senator's question: A, we could, in fact, say to the President: Mr. President, if you are going to use ground forces, come and ask us, with no funds cut off in terms of a resolution.  Secondly, we could say to the President: Mr. President, we have your letter in hand. We take you at your word and expect that that is what you would do, memorializing the political context in which this decision was made, which Presidents are loath to attempt to overcome.  The bottom line is, the President of the United States can in fact go ahead and disregard this as easily as he could disregard the provisions of the Constitution. If a President were going to decide that he would disregard the constitutional requirement of seeking our authority to use ground forces, I respectfully suggest he would not be at all hesitant to overcome a prohibition in an authorization bill saying no funds authorized here could be used.  He could argue that funds that have already been authorized have put force in place, with bullets in their guns, gasoline in their tanks, fuel in their aircraft; that he has the authority to move notwithstanding this prohibition.  I understand the intention of my friend from Pennsylvania. I applaud it. I think it is unnecessary in a very complex circumstance and situation in which the President of the United States has indicated he does not intend to do it anyway. And I just think it sends all the wrong messages and is unnecessary and is overly restrictive.  