 President, I will make a few brief comments, and I am prepared to yield the remainder of my time. I thank my friend from New Hampshire for accepting the amendment.  This was part of an original bill called the Biden crime bill at the time. At the time, when we introduced the notion of all these new cops partially being paid for by the Federal Government, I was told a couple of things. One, local authorities would not like it because they would have to come up with part of the funding. Two, it would be cumbersome to administer. Three, we would find ourselves in the position where it really wouldn't make much of an impact on the community.  I suggest the reason I wrote the bill the way I did originally was to take into consideration all three of those concerns. First of all, everyone will know, from their home States, that there is no redtape in this program. The day after we passed the crime bill in 1994 in my office, I sat with the Attorney General of the United States and her staff, and, to her chagrin, I said we must get this application down to one single page. They looked at me as if to say: What do you mean, one single page? That is not possible for a Federal program which is going to cost $30 billion. But that is what it is. It is a page. That is the reason why there is an infinitesimally small portion of this COPS Program and the crime bill program money being spent for administration.  The second thing was, I remember my friend from South Carolina telling me at the time: If you don't do this the right way, this is going to get hung up in every State. That is why we didn't send this money to Governors. The Presiding Officer is a former Governor. We love former Governors. But this doesn't go through State legislatures. The local police chief in Columbus, OH, does not have to convince anybody in your State capital they need more cops. They can go directly to the source.  From a little town in Massillon, OH, they can go straight to the source. They do not have to go to the legislature; they can go straight downtown after their city council in Dover, DE, Smyrna, DE, Wilmington DE. It enabled local law enforcement agencies to determine their own needs and thereby eliminate the waste. By the way, I got in trouble with Governors for writing it that way, for not sending it through State legislative bodies.  The third thing it does, and there was criticism of this when it was done, it says you do not get any money unless you have a certain kind of police department. What do you have to do? If you have 10 cops in your police department, you cannot fire two and apply for Federal money to hire them back. That is what was done under theLEAA, the Law Enforcement Assistance Act, when I first got here. This program said there was a maintenance of effort. We would help you get the 11th cop, but you couldn't cut it to 9 to go back to 10.  We said: By the way, you have to have a community policing operation. Why is that important? Mayors and Governors do not want community policing. It is harder to do. It costs more money. The cops organizations--I love them all--didn't want it. It costs more money. If I am a cop in a tough district, I would rather be riding in a patrol car with another guy than I would be walking through by myself. So they did not want it. We said: No money unless this gets leveraged. If you have 10 cops and you want one of ours to raise your force to 11, all 11 have to be community cops. That is the key.  Why do I say this? If the Federal Government gets out of the business of helping here, it will not only be the loss of the money; I predict it will be the loss of the willingness to maintain community policing even though it works, even though every mayor knows it works and every county official knows it works. It is expensive and it is hard. Mark my words: The day the COPS Program ends, initially 5 percent, 10 percent of the communities in America will go away from community policing, and 10 years from now we will be back to where we were.  That leads to my second concluding point. People said back when the original bill was written: Biden, why are you only doing it for 5 years? I said, one of two things are going to happen. Maybe at the end of the 5 years those of us who support this concept are going to be right; it is going to be proven, as in the old expression, the proof of the pudding is in the eating. At the end of the 5 years, the pudding either tastes good or it tastes bad. If it tastes bad, all the king's horses and all the king's men will not keep the COPS Program going because it will be branded for what it is, a waste of time and money. But if the pudding tastes good, all the king's horses and all the kings's men cannot stop it from being reauthorized for another 5 years.  So far, the king's horses and king's men have stopped it from being authorized for another 5 years. It is a different issue. It is different than continuing it for this next year. But I want to say, I think the proof is in the eating. Our streets are safer. Go out and ask any of your mayors, any of your county executives, any of your town councils, any of your police departments. You come back and tell me anyone who said: Eliminate this program. They may have suggestions to make it better, and we should listen to them but not eliminate it.  This leads me to my exact last point. I am a Democrat. I take great pride in the fact that I wrote this bill. Originally, it was the Biden bill. When it passed and became law, I remember saying to President Clinton: Let's call it the Clinton bill.  We lost the Congress that year, and he thought we lost the Congress in part because of the gun amendments. He said: Keep it the Biden bill.  It started working really well, and now it is the Clinton bill. It is good it is the Clinton bill, but I want to make this the Republican bill, and I mean this sincerely. I want COPS to become like Social Security has become. Initially, Republicans hated Social Security and they were against it. Roosevelt came along, and Democrats supported it. Over the years, they have not only become politically committed, they are as committed as we are. They really understand how important it is, but for a long time it was not invented here.  This COPS bill was bipartisan in its inception. When the first so-called Biden crime bill that had this in it originally passed out of the Senate, it was called the Biden-Hatch crime bill until it got to the other side. Gingrich did not like the look of it politically, and even though it passed in the Senate with 97 votes originally--what passed the Senate originally was the same thing that ended up becoming law. It had 97 votes originally. It went over to the House of Representatives, and when it came back, I had to get seven Republicans to pass it. Only seven Republicans voted for it.  From that point on, the bad news about the crime bill has been: We Democrats beat our chests about how we did it, and the Republicans did not, which is literally true. And the Republicans have said: My Lord, we can't continue to support a program from which the Democrats are getting such benefit. Let's end this.  Let's go back and pretend this was part of the crime bill that passed out of here, which it did, with 97 votes. This is a bipartisan idea, and my plea is let continuing the program through its authorization period of the fiscal year 2000 be the first step, and the second step, that Republicans and Democrats join together and reauthorize for another 5 years this program and reauthorize for another 5 years, as my friend from New Hampshire has suggested, the trust fund.  It is time--and I know this sounds ridiculous in this atmosphere--to take the politics out of this. This is working. There is enough room for all of us to claim credit. There is enough room for everybody to say, look, listen to what Ronald Reagan used to say when he first became President: If it ain't broke, don't fix it. This ain't broke.  Now let's put a Republican stamp on it and a Democratic stamp on it--an American stamp--just as we do on Social Security. We will be doing the Nation a great favor, and maybe, just maybe, we will get back in the habit a little bit of cooperating as Democrats and Republicans.  I thank my friend from New Hampshire for being willing to accept the amendment. I appreciate his accommodation in allowing us to speak to it in spite of that, and I truly look forward to the possibility that in the coming months we will be able to move beyond this and have a bipartisan--a Republican amendment. I will sign on to a Republican amendment reauthorizing this and call it the Republican crime bill. I do not care what we call it. I sincerely mean that. But let's keep a good thing going.  I thank my friend, again, very much. I thank my friend from South Carolina who, when this bill was being written 5 years ago, was the major engine behind it. He was the one who allowed it to get through the committee in the first place.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  