 President, I say to my friend from Massachusetts, this is another part of the circular reasoning. What I heard this morning on the floor and heard all day on Friday went like this: Without us being able to test, our 6,000 strategic nuclear weapons are going to become unreliable--which is ridiculous in my view. I strike the word ``ridiculous.'' Which is highly unlikely. I am trying to be polite. It is hard.  Then they say because it is going to become unreliable, two things are going to happen. One is that our allies are going to conclude that our deterrent is no longer credible and, therefore, they are going to lose faith in us. What they are then going to do is decide--Japan and Germany, which are nonnuclear powers--to become nuclear powers, and we are going to be escalating the arms race by passing this treaty.  The same day in an unprecedented move, to the best of my knowledge, the leader of Germany, the leader of France, and the leader of Great Britain sent an open letter to the Senate saying: We, Germany, Japan, and France, have ratified this treaty. We strongly urge you, the Senate, to ratify this treaty in the interest of your country as well as ours.  One of those signatories was the Chancellor of Germany, the very country my friends on the other side say, if we pass this treaty, Germany will go nuclear. I guarantee--I cannot guarantee anything. I will bet--I guess I am betting my career on this one--I will bet you anything that if we turn downthis treaty and it is clear that it cannot be revived, within a decade Germany and Japan are likely to be nuclear powers, particularly Japan, because what is going to happen is, India and Pakistan are going to continue testing. They will not sign this treaty. They say they will sign it now if we do. They will not sign the treaty. As India tests more and they move to deployment, China will test more.  China will test in order to determine whether or not they can build smaller, lighter thermonuclear devices where multiple numbers can be put on missiles. They will move from 18 nuclear weapons to God knows how many. Then Japan, sitting there in the midst of that region, is going to say, mark my words: We, Japan, have no choice but to become a nuclear power.  We have spent 50 years of our strategic and foreign policy initiatives to make sure that does not happen. But that is what will happen. So now, at the end of the day, are we likely to be more secure 15 years from now with the scenario I paint? Which is more likely? Is it more likely that turning down this treaty is going to turn Japan and Germany into nuclear powers, increase the total nuclear capacity of China, and move India and Pakistan further along the nuclear collision path? Is that more likely?  Or is it more likely--which is their worst case scenario--that what is going to happen is we are not going to fund the stockpile, we are not going to be able, in 10 years, to count on the reliability of our weapons, the weapons lab Directors are going to come to the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Defense and say, we can't certify any more Messieurs Secretaries, and they go to the President of the United States and say, we can't certify, and the President is going to say, oh, that is OK; don't worry about it. We are going to be bound by the treaty.  Which is a more likely scenario? What do you think? Which is more likely, that even if the stockpile degrades, any country, from China to our allies, is going to say, gee, their B-60 M-11 may not function as they thought it would, and maybe they will only be able to fire off 4,900 strategic hydrogen bombs. Maybe they will only be able to do that; therefore, they have lost their deterrent capacity. They no longer have credibility.  That is what you have to accept. You have to accept those kinds of arguments to sign on to the notion that most of our Republican friends are arguing.  Which is the more likely scenario? I would respectfully suggest that 85 percent or 80 percent of the American people are right. They figured it out. They figured it out.  So I hope I have responded, in part at least, to the Senator's question.  