 President, let me be precise. It is legally permissible but unwise. Let me explain what I mean.  I think the reason for the cloture vote is not because the majority leader expects anyone to filibuster. It is a toolthat he has learned and has sharpened and honed very well to gain control and maintain control of the agenda and provide for the inability of anyone to amend whatever he wishes us to vote on. That is what this is about.  This has nothing to do with anyone filibustering. Indeed, I have not heard a single person suggest a filibuster. It has to do with the leader using, skillfully, as he does, the tools to be able to control the agenda of the Senate and determine what we will vote on, how long we will debate, and if we will debate.  If the Lott-Smith amendment prevails and is attached to the supplemental, I predict that the entire supplemental will fail. If that happens we will never have any action on Kosovo or the supplemental for the near term. That is my guess.  There is some confusion in the House, because they thought, as the President thought, that there would be an agreement between the Kosovars and the Serbs as a consequence of the meetings in France. They concluded that they should debate whether or not we would place American forces on the ground, as offered by the President, if there was a peace agreement.  But there is no peace agreement. So someone introduced an amendment--a freestanding bill on the House side--thinking they could pass a prohibition on the use of any American forces to implement any peace agreement signed. That was voted down.  Again, the public and a lot of our colleagues are not adequately informed on this. The headlines when the House voted were: House Supports Use of American Forces In Kosovo. That is not quite true. The House said it would permit a deployment in a permissive environment.  Now we are going to vote in the Senate on something completely different, something that may produce a very ambiguous result. The Lott-Smith amendment bars all funding for the purpose of conducting military operations by Armed Forces of the United States in Serbia and Montenegro.  What does that mean? Does that mean that, under our Constitution, if this passes with the supermajority necessary to overcome a sure presidential veto, that airstrikes are not permissible because bombs cost money and they are going to be dropped on parts of Serbia? I suspect it does. Rather than take such an ambiguous vote, we should not shirk our responsibility here.  