 President, before I get to the subject I wish to speak to, which is the nuclear test ban treaty, I will address a comment to my colleague from New York, Senator Schumer.  I, as all Democrats and some Republicans, think a tax cut should be progressive and equitable. To tell you the truth, I would like to be in a position to give the wealthy a tax cut if that were the case. That would be fine as long as we first gave the tax cut to the poor and the middle class.  I was speaking to the Senator from Illinois a moment ago. In my State, which has, as all of our States, very wealthy individuals, I found an interesting phenomenon. Given a choice, if you go back to my State and ask anybody who made $1 million last year or is likely to make one next year, and said: We can continue the economy to grow the way it has the last 7 years, or give you a $30,000 tax cut a year, there isn't any question what they choose. They say: Whoa, leave well enough alone. I am making a lot more than $30,000 a year in the market. I am making a lot more than $30,000 a year in my investments. I am making a lot more than the $30,000 a year I would get in the tax cut from the lower interest rates. I am making a lot more.  How many times have we heard the only thing that has remained constant in this changing economic environment over the last decade is tax cuts are a stimulus? We have one guy sitting at the helm. His name is Greenspan. He has been doing everything but taking an ad in the New York Times to say: Whatever you all do, if this economy heats up, if you stimulate this economy, I am telling you what I amgoing to do; I am going to raise interest rates.  He hasn't used those exact words, but the market responds to every word he says.  I don't know anybody who thinks that if there were almost an $800 billion tax cut, we are not going to have interest rates raised.  I don't understand the math. To be more crude about it, I don't even understand the politics. It used to be good politics for our Republican friends to try to paint us into a corner and say: We are for tax cuts; Democrats are not for tax cuts ever. Therefore, Democrats are big spenders; therefore, we are good guys. Therefore, vote for us.  I understand that. We do the same thing with them on Social Security. We assume no Republican can be devoted to Social Security, and they assume no Democrat could ever want a tax cut. That is politics. I understand that.  The part I don't understand is to whom they are talking. Even their very wealthy constituency--not all wealthy people are Republicans, but it tends to be that way--is saying: Hey, go slow here.  I hear the name of Bill Gates thrown around and others such as Gates. They are an aberration even among the wealthy. But the wealthy in my State, if they could pick any one thing out of the Roth tax proposal, I know what it would be. It would be the elimination of the inheritance tax. There are only about 820,000 people in all of America who would be affected by it, but that is something--I happen to disagree with them--that is a big deal. That is a big-ticket item. That is worth a lot more than 30,000 bucks, but that is not the thing that would fuel a heated up economy. I am not proposing that. I am trying to figure out the politics.  