 President, I am pleased the Senate is finally considering the nomination of Richard C. Holbrooke to be the United States Representative to the United Nations.  Before stating my reasons why I strongly believe that Ambassador Holbrooke should be confirmed, let me briefly review the process which led us to this day.  In June 1998, the President announced his intention to nominate Ambassador Holbrooke for the job of UN Ambassador. The formal nomination was delayed, however, until February of this year by an investigation into alleged ethical violations by Ambassador Holbrooke.  That investigation culminated in a settlement with the Department of Justice in which Ambassador Holbrooke agreed to pay five thousand dollars in civil penalties.  Once the Senate received the nomination in February, the Committee on Foreign Relations conducted its own inquiry, reviewing in great detail the investigation conducted by the State Department Inspector General and the Department of Justice.  In June, the Committee conducted three separate hearings on Ambassador Holbrooke's nomination, reviewing first the ethical matters, then reviewing issues related to the United Nations and UN reform, and then reviewing Ambassador Holbrooke's involvement in United States policy toward the Balkans.  On June 30 the Committee voted unanimously--on a voice vote--to report Ambassador Holbrooke's nomination to the full Senate.  Since the Committee reported Mr. Holbrooke's nomination, it has been subjected to a variety of reported ``holds'' by several senators, only one of which, as I understand it, had anything to do with Mr. Holbrooke's qualifications to be ambassador.  This delay is quite extraordinary for a position of this importance. The last two UN ambassadors were confirmed on the same day that the Committee voted, and in the last two decades, the Senate has, on average, voted within four days of the Committee's vote.  But we have now worked through all those and we are here today, for which I am grateful to the Majority Leader and the Chairman.  I believe the Senate should confirm Ambassador Holbrooke for a simple reason: he is highly qualified for the job.  There are few people who have had the kind of diplomatic experience that Ambassador Holbrooke has had.  Ambassador Holbrooke had been in public service since the early 1960s, when he entered the Foreign Service. Since then, he has served in a wide variety of diplomatic positions--in each case with distinction.  In the Carter Administration, he served as Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs. Appointed at the age of 37, at the time he was the youngest person ever appointed as assistant secretary.  In 1993, Ambassador Holbrooke returned to government service as Ambassador to Germany.  In September 1994, he became Assistant Secretary of State for European and Canadian Affairs. Again, Ambassador Holbrooke established a precedent: he became the first person to serve as assistant secretary of state for two different geographic regions.  A key challenge facing him upon his return to the United States was the conflict in Bosnia, which by then had been raging since April 1992.  As Assistant Secretary, Mr. Holbrooke helped design and implement a strategy that culminated in the signing of the Dayton Accords in November 1995, which brought an end to the Bosnian war.  Of course, several people in the U.S. government deserve credit for the success at Dayton. But it cannot be denied that Ambassador Holbrooke--and the creativity and tenacity he brought to the task--was critical to bringing about this diplomatic achievement.  In February 1996, for personal reasons, Ambassador Holbrooke resigned from full-time government service. Atthe request of Secretary of State Christopher, he remained available to undertake special missions and to advise senior officials in the State Department. In 1997, President Clinton also asked him to become special Presidential envoy for Cyprus.  Throughout the three and one-half year period since leaving full-time government service, Ambassador Holbrooke has never been paid a dime for his efforts.  Mr. President, I daresay that there are few people with the diplomatic experience that Mr. Holbrooke will bring to the job of UN ambassador. He has significant experience at high levels of government. He has deep experience in two regions. And he has recently supervised and managed a major diplomatic conference that culminated in the end of a tragic war.  Let me state it as bluntly as I know how: we need Dick Holbrooke in New York and we need him there now. It has been nearly a year since we have had a UN ambassador.  The agenda facing the next UN ambassador is a long one.  The United Nations is taking the lead in establishing a civilian administration in Kosovo. We need someone with Dick Holbrooke's skill and knowledge to make sure it gets done right.  The United Nations is greatly in need of reform. We have promised the UN that we will pay nearly one billion dollars in back dues if these reforms are made. Ambassador Holbrooke promised that UN reform will be his ``highest sustained priority.'' We need someone with Dick Holbrooke's negotiating skills to help bring them about.  The UN Security Council remains seized with the issue of dismantling Iraq's arsenal of mass destruction. We need someone with Dick Holbrooke's toughness to carry that task forward.  In sum, I believe Ambassador Holbrooke has all the qualities necessary to be an excellent UN ambassador, and I believe that the Senate should confirm him forthwith.  Let me turn briefly to the issues that delayed Mr. Holbrooke's nomination.  Last July, soon after the President announced his intention to nominate Mr. Holbrooke, an anonymous letter arrived in the Office of the Inspector General at the Department of State alleging that Ambassador Holbrooke may have violated ethics laws and regulations.  Spurred by this letter, the Inspector General opened a wide-ranging investigation that took over five months, involved dozens of interviews, and the production of thousands of pages of records.  Earlier this year, while the nomination was pending, the Inspector General opened a second investigation, this time based only on an oped article in the Washington Post.  The first investigation culminated in a civil settlement between Ambassador Holbrooke and the Department of Justice in which Ambassador Holbrooke agreed to pay five thousand dollars to settle allegations that he violated Section 207(c) of Title 18 of the United States Code.  To this day, Ambassador Holbrooke denies that he violated the law, but he settled the matter in order to avoid further delay of the nomination. The second investigation was closed almost as quickly as it was opened, with no punishment imposed against Ambassador Holbrooke.  The Committee obtained the thousands of pages of documents that were produced in the investigations of Ambassador Holbrooke, and has reviewed them independently.  I have reviewed all these matters closely, and I do not believe that they even begin to rise to the level where they should be considered disqualifying.  I do not make this statement lightly. I am a strong supporter of the ethics laws, and believe they must be rigorously enforced. Government employees, as Ambassador Holbrooke stated in his first hearing before the Committee, must maintain the public trust.  I have known Richard Holbrooke for two decades, and am presumptuous enough to call him a friend. I do not believe that he is an unethical person, and I find totally inconsistent with his character any suggestion that he is.  On the contrary: Dick Holbrooke is a dedicated public servant who, as the record compiled by the Committee demonstrates, willingly devoted dozens--if not hundreds--of hours to assisting the government in the past several years, to the detriment of his commitment to his private employer.  Every senator can be assured that the Committee has left no stone unturned.  The Committee sought and received access to every document reviewed by the investigators, and received access to internal documents of the White House, the Department of State, and the Department of Justice, including the memorandum setting forth the reasons why a criminal prosecution of Mr. Holbrooke was not warranted.  Mr. President, my friend from Virginia is very diplomatic. My friend from Virginia is a man of grace and elegance. My friend from Virginia is a man who is able to get things done not merely because of his intellect but because of his style.  I am not as elegant as my friend from Virginia, so I will just say it out loud. This would not have happened without my friend from Virginia. The truth of the matter is, it took a Republican of stature, seniority, and influence in this area to break this loose. He is going to get mad at my saying this, but I think it is a shame that was required, but I thank him for it because he was relentless over the last 5 months in trying to get us to this point today.  I will ruin his reputation here, but the President owes him a debt of gratitude, the Nation owes him a debt of gratitude, the Senate owes him a debt of gratitude, and Mr. Holbrooke, I know, is grateful for his effort. Because as the Senator from Virginia indicated, there is a significant agenda facing our next Ambassador to the United Nations.  