 The point the Senator is making I understand. But only on one occasion. Two other occasions I can think of where Presidents have asked not to have more authority--when they thought they were going to lose.  I have personally spoken to the President. I have spoken to the National Security Adviser. The National Security Adviser would like to have this authority. But what he does not want to have is a vote that says he cannot have the authority. They are worried if there is a vote that is a straight up-and-down vote and it loses, that it will mean, in conjunction with the House vote last week, that the Congress is on record against ground troops.  My argument to them is it does not mean that. It means they concluded they were not prepared to do it now without the White House asking for it. But I believe there have been circumstances in the past where Presidents have affirmatively suggested they not ask for authority and table something when they thought they did not have the votes.  My colleagues on this side have told them they do not have the votes, as have your colleagues. I think my colleagues on this side are wrong, and I think the colleagues on the other side are wrong about the votes. Because I find an interesting thing, Senator. On very, very important matters--and everyone knows how important this is--Congress likes to avoid responsibility.  I will take us back very briefly to the Persian Gulf. On the Persian Gulf we had great disagreement, and during that time I remember going to my caucus and saying: We must demand a vote. And my colleagues on my side, whose names I will not mention, but I give you my word to this, who were against the action in the Persian Gulf, said: No, no, don't ask for a vote, because they wanted to be in line. Because if it succeeded, they wanted to be able to say, ``Great job, Mr. President,'' and if it failed, they wanted to be able to say, ``Not me.'' I think that is at work here, I say to my friend from Arizona.  But the bottom line of it is that the Senator from Arizona, in my opinion, is dead right. I think the amendment is dead right on. I think we do more to bring a successful conclusion to this war by giving that authority whether or not it is used. I think we would make a tragic mistake being apologists for a policy that in fact makes no civilized sense, when we make moral equivalence about the people in the region, when we argue that a bombing pause would not affect anything, when we argue--my time is up. Ten seconds.  I compliment Reverend Jackson on bringing these folks home. But with all due respect, I can think of a lot of people with his standing who could have gone and probably gotten the same result, if in fact they were willing, and believed as he does, that we should stop the bombing.  I think it is a mistake. It is a little bit like saying: Give me three people back and I will not do anything about the 300 you massacred--which they did, by the way, just 4 days earlier.  I think it is a tragic mistake. I wish we would get our act together. I think the President is going to have to take the case to the Nation more forcefully than he has. I hope we do not table the McCain-Biden resolution, but it appears we are going to do that. As you can tell, I have spoken too long. But I think this is something in our vital interest with the capacity to affect the outcome that would be beneficial to all people, and the idea that it would be a failure if we had to have forces there in order to maintain the peace, who were not being killed, and the genocide stopped--I would consider that victory, not failure.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, with apologies and respect to my colleague from Virginia for going over time, I yield 15 minutes to the Senator from Virginia, Senator Warner.  