 President, I had a very brief discussion with the chairman of the committee about the second part of the Senator's amendment, which I happen to support fully; that is, instead of going from 3 years down to 1 year. All the reasons the Senator stated seem valid to me. A 2-year time period, it seems to me, is more reasonable. I suspect the chairman may be inclined to agree with that.  With regard to the first part of the amendment of the Senator relating to this issue of the seriousness of the offense, right now it is 1 year and 2 years. This would allow the State Department to make an independent judgment as to whether or not a reprimand or suspension should stay in the file beyond the time period here.  I raise the question whether or not we may be able to work something out. I have not had a chance to talk to the chairman about this to see whether it makes sense to him, but it seems to me the greatest difficulty with the first part of the amendment of the Senator, as it relates to the reforms we are trying to implement, is leaving open-ended this notion of who determines the seriousness of the offense. Having the Director General of the Foreign Service determine the seriousness of the offense without us, the committee, knowing how he or she will go about making that determination, in effect leaves a hole wide enough to eliminate the reform. I am not asking my colleague from North Carolina to respond to this yet.  I raised a moment ago in private with the Senator from Maryland whether or not he would be agreeable to amend the first part of his amendment to suggest the Director General had to submit to the Congress and the committee a set of regulations about how he or she would determine what constitutes the seriousness of the offense; in other words, how that would be determined. We would put the burden on them to come back to us to tell us, so we had some faith it would not be an ad hoc way of approaching this and we would have some sense of how to proceed.  I do not know whether or not that is amenable. It obviously needs to be fleshed out more than I have just outlined it, whether or not that is amenable to the chairman. But I suggest there is a possibility that the Senator, if he is willing, could work with us to see if we could work out some procedure that may enable the chairman to agree, for his part, to accept the amendment. Is the Senator amenable to that approach, I ask the Senator from Maryland?  