 President, you can tell the Senator from Pennsylvania and I are friends because I am happy to have his extended questions, because his questions always shed light on the subject.  I agree with everything he said so far. Let me be specific. When there is a Republican President, the Republicans argue the President doesn't need congressional authority. When there is a Democratic President, all of a sudden the Democrats support the President's unilateral war-making power.  Let me give you the argument that could be made by scholars as to why the President has the constitutional authority to act absent our approval.  They would argue that our actions in Kosovo are not an act of war. But as the Senator knows, the war clause does not require an act of war; it requires a use of force, a use of force that constitutes an offensive action. They would argue that this is defensive in nature. Presidents do that all the time. Remember why President Reagan invaded Grenada. To save medical students. That was the reason. That was the thin reed upon which he held his entire rationale, because everyone acknowledges that if it is an emergency or it is to defend American citizens and their property, it could be done.  In Kosovo, the argument could be made that there are U.S. personnel on the ground who would be in harm's way. If we do not take action, the roughly 40,000 Serbian troops near Pristina could threaten the small number of American forces in Macedonia. I can picture the argument being put together by the President's legal counsel. Because the Americans forces in Macedonia are now in jeopardy, there was a requirement to act to save them.  There also could be an argument made that airpower would be used for the purpose of protecting American personnel in Belgrade. The President could argue that Milosevic, with a long history of genocidal acts and acts of brutality, is about to move on American personnel. That is the nature of the argument that could be made.  There is also an argument, which I think is totally specious, that this qualifies as an emergency. The Founding Fathers, in this Senator's view, clearly contemplated emergency situations where the President would have to use force. That is why they gave Congress the power to ``declare'' war rather than ``make'' war. They did not want to tie the President's hands in the context of an emergency.  Another argument being made, which is not accurate but is made all the time by people justifying Presidential action in an area of making war or using force, is that there are 200 years of precedent. They will list hundreds of times where American forces were used without prior congressional authorization. It is a specious argument, in my view, but it is one that has credibility only as a consequence of its repetition. That is the other argument that will be used.  People will cite Libya. Did the President have a right to go in? I found Senator Hutchison's rendition of history fascinating, because her memory of Reagan and my memory of Reagan were fundamentally different. I don't mean it critically. I mean it factually. She said Reagan never put American forces in harm's way. Well, hell, they flew all the way from England, all the way across the Iberian Peninsula, and bombed the living devil out of Libya. Was that a declaration of war? Most Senators said it basically worked. It cowed the Libyan dictator for a while, and no American got hurt.  I cite that not to be critical of anything President Reagan did, but to point out that we often hear the precedence argument used. They say the Congress didn't do anything then. Therefore, that makes it constitutional. Yet there is a seamless fabric to the Constitution. Action, no matter how often repeated, cannot make an unconstitutional undertaking constitutional. That argument has been put forward by this administration and at least six other Presidents.  I might point out that the Lott proposal, the very thing we are going to vote on, may also be unconstitutional. It bars Defense Department funds for the purpose of conducting military operations by the Armed Forces of the United States. The only exceptions to the funding restrictions are (1) intelligence activities, including surveillance; (2) the provision of logistics support; and (3) any measure necessary to defend U.S. Armed Forces against immediate threat. Note that this third exception would give the President the excuse I just mentioned.  So the Lott proposal is flawed in two respects. First, as a constitutional matter, it is unnecessary. The Constitution already bars offensive military action by the President unless it is congressionally authorized. If Congress adopts the Lott amendment, it would imply that the President has carte blanche to take offensive action anywhere unless Congress makes a specific statement to the contrary.  We are telling the President he can't do something that the Constitution already says he can't do. Then we build in exceptions, exceptions that give him authority beyond what, in my view and the view of most constitutional scholars, he is entitled to as a matter of constitutional law.  Let me repeat the exceptions he builds. The amendment provides for providing intelligence activities. As the Senator knows, that can involve U.S. personnel. They may be all sitting up in Rhein-Main Air Force Base, or sitting in Italy. They may be on AWACS aircraft at a distance that can't be shot down. I do not know. It also could include spotters. It can include people on the ground. It could include U.S. military aircraft flying in Kosovo airspace, but not participating in the actual strikes.  Secondly, it provides for a provision of logistical support. That could include logistical support in the theater. If I were the President's lawyer on this one, I would say, Mr. President, don't worry about this sucker passing. You are OK. You can work this one out. You don't have to fight Congress on whether using force is constitutional. With this amendment, you can do what you want.  Thirdly, it excludes any measure necessary to defend forces against an immediate threat. Well, I guarantee you the argument will be made that once NATO decides to move, all those forces in Macedonia are in harm's way. Not only there, but American forces a little bit across the Drina River in Bosnia would also be in harm's way.  I guarantee you that the argument will be made, if this were to become law, that the Lott amendment gives the President the authority to bomb and use force.  