 President, I thank the Senator from Maryland for his statement and cooperation. I thank the chairman for working out a compromise with the Senator on his amendment.  I must say, I would be more comfortable if I could be pure on this, because I happen to agree with the Senator from Maryland. I think we owe a total amount of probably $1.021. The U.N. says we owe $1.509. We do not, in my view. I would be more comfortable if we could have gotten all of that. Quite frankly, I would be more comfortable, as a matter of principle, if there were no conditions.  So I began this process 6 years ago exactly where the Senator is. The arrearages began to mount in larger numbers, really with UNPROFOR in Bosnia. I know the Senator knows that a significant amount of what the United States ``owes'' is for peacekeeping missions. It is owed to France, the U.K., Italy, Belgium, Netherlands, Canada, India, Pakistan, Russia, and Germany. It is not dues in the sense that we belong to a club, or a country club, and you have yearly dues. This is more like at the end of the year when they say we ran over X amount of dollars and you assess the members beyond their dues. That is what we owe, in large part.  I know the Senator knows this, and I thank him for his acknowledgment of our attempt to do the best we could. But I think, as I said, on principle, we should pay our obligations in full with no conditions.  We should negotiate conditions from this point on, if we want to, because I think the Senator would agree with me that the U.N. is a badly run outfit in terms of its management skill.  It has been the employer of first resort for a significant number of countries, understandably. It is a bloated bureaucracy, which has been worked upon positively by Kofi Annan, and there has been progress made. But it is not an institution that we had in mind when we signed on in San Francisco. We didn't expect it to turn out to be as inefficient as it has, understandably.  It has also done an incredible amount of very good work. I believe, as the President said with regard to the United States, the United States is the ``essential nation.'' I believe it is the essential international organization. I am committed to it.  But, a friend of mine, when I used to serve on the county council in New Castle County, DE, a Republican named Henry Folsom came down to Washington--by the way, in the Reagan administration. Henry used to say, God bless his soul, ``Joe, remember. Politics is the art of the practical.''  Practically speaking, my pure stand of saying ``no conditions and all the money'' was rhetorically very appealing. But it didn't do a thing.  It was only, quite frankly, when the Senator from North Carolina--who has been a critic over the years of the United Nations--decided we had to fix this somehow; that we ended up over a period, I would say to the chairman, of probably 2 years of talk, negotiating, arguing, and compromising that we ended up where we are today. Where we are today is four-fifths or more of the way home.  Still, I for one do not like the conditions that precede us paying. I would rather say that these are conditions that we hope would be met, notwithstanding whether or not we would pay. But we are where we are.  So this is a process. This is a process.  I have spoken with all but two of the former Secretaries of State on this matter. When I put the question to them, as I did to Kofi Annan--All right, do you want this or do you want nothing? --every single person involved with the United Nations to whom I have posed that question said: No. No we will take this. We will take this.  The truth of the matter is there are choices. Our choices are this or nothing. All of us who are devoted to the United Nations, in terms of thinking it an essential body, have been unable to get a penny--a penny--toward these arrears. We have been noble, myself included, in our efforts. But we haven't gotten a penny for those ``arrears.''  Where we are today is with a decision. That is, is it partial, more than partial, is it the bulk of the arrearages to be paid, conditioned upon things which this Secretary of State says--by the way, the last piece of this was negotiated not by the Senator from Delaware and the Senator from North Carolina but by the Secretary of State speaking for the President of the United States and the chairman of the committee.  The administration has been candid. They said they are not sure they can get all of it done. They think they can. They are going to fight for it. But they think it is worth the fight--that it is worth the candlestick.  We are seized with a decision that I think is going to overwhelmingly pass, which is, do we keep these conditions that have been altered in light of the passage of 2 years of time to make them more likely to be able to be met, coupled with the $926 million paid out, as the bill calls for, much of it front-end loaded, or do we step back and say no, we are not going to?  I know the Senator from Maryland isn't suggesting this. But the other alternative is to step back and say unless we get it all, no conditions, all the arrears, we are not going to do anything, we will not be creating new arrears with this deal.  By the way, even though we are authorizing less than the administration requested for contributions to international organizations, we are about $43 million above what is needed in the first place.  I understand the State Department will soon announce a $28 million surplus in the fiscal year 1999 international organizations account. This would be applied to reduce the amount requested for fiscal 2000.  Also, because of exchange rate gains, the request is $20 million too high, as of April 30. $7 million is requested for war crimes commissions in Iraq and Cambodia. As much as I would like to see the commissions, neither looks likely in the very near future.  Finally, there is $8 million in the budget request to cover exchange rate fluctuations, but the committee bill already contains language that guards against adverse exchange rate variations. Section 801(f)(1) states:       . . .there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as      may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2000 and 2001      to offset adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange      rates.  I am confident we have authorized enough funds to meet our current obligations to international organizations. I understand the Senator's concern and fear. But I do not believe when we pass this authorization bill, if it were appropriated as we suggest, that we are going to be further and further behind in this process.  It is true that we have not fully funded the administration's request for arrears payments to the United Nations and other international organizations. We are $95 million short of our request.  As I have said, in an ideal world I would like to pay our arrears to the United Nations in full, immediately, and without condition. But I have made a judgment, and I believe the correct one, a pragmatic judgment, because I know that such a proposal has no chance of passing--``no conditions, all the money.''  In the last Congress, I asked the administration to give me a bottom line figure for arrears to the United Nations with which they could live. The administration responded with a memorandum to me which stated they were willing not to pay $68 million in arrears to UNIDO, an organization that we withdrew our membership from earlier in this decade.  Their judgment is that a total of $68 million in arrears is owed to an organization in which we are not a member, and to which we have no intention of paying membership dues.  They also told me they would apply an expected refund of $27 million from the U.N. to reduce our arrears. Unfortunately, that $27 million was used toreduce the fiscal year 1998 contributions because our bill got stalled in the House. Otherwise, we would have been in pretty good shape.  For those who are wondering how we came up with $926 million, if we added $68 million to the $27 million and subtract that from the total of $1.021 billion we owed, then we would arrive at our figure.  What we did was essentially pay the entirety of the arrearages that we thought were owed absent the $68 million they said they didn't want to pay to an organization we weren't a member of, and not contemplating the fact they have to use the $27 million because this bill got slowed up. It is true that $27 million U.N. refund has already been used and, thus, is not available for arrears. But I would note that this sum can be easily subtracted from arrears owed to the specialized U.N. agencies. Even with the $926 million provided in our plan, many of the specialized agencies will have to create or expand programs to absorb the arrears payments they are going to receive.  It sounds a bit counterintuitive that a plan which is supposed to control the size of the U.N. could actually end up expanding it temporarily. That will be the short-term effect for many of the specialized agencies, if they decide to devise ways to spend the extra money that is going to be flowing in.  Again, I personally would like to fully fund the administration request. I think I have outlined a solid political and substantive rationalization for providing the lower figure.  Finally, I emphasize again that there is $8 million in the budget request to cover exchange rate fluctuations. The committee bill, as I said, already contains language to guard against an adverse exchange rate. It is section 801(F)1. It states:       There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be      necessary in each fiscal year 2000 and 2001 to offset the      adverse fluctuations of foreign exchange currency rates.  I still agree with my friend from Maryland. That is, I believe the real hangup is the conditions. The truth of the matter is, we have basically paid all the arrears that we owe, that we say we owe. If you accept the administration's position that the $68 million owed to an organization we have been fighting with for 10 years, and we have been out of it for 3 or 4 years, that if we do not pay the $68 million owed--and had we not had the House stall with what Senator Helms and I put together 2 years ago, we would be at the $1.021 billion. Again, it would be better if even that were done. I am not arguing that.  I almost hesitate to make the point, to be honest with my friend from Maryland, this is a fragile coalition we put together. I am not sure we would get all the Republican votes we need if we thought we were paying everything we owed. I don't want to go around making a big deal of the fact we are paying everything we think we owe, short of those two accounts, to be very blunt. I guess I shouldn't be so blunt. That is the truth of the matter, from my perspective, politically.  We have done a heck of a job. I don't know whether to praise my friend or not, because my praise on this issue is probably not very helpful to him, so I won't. But let me say there has been a very good-faith effort on the part of my friend from North Carolina. This is not nearly as draconian as it sounds.  Again, the single most significant thing my friend from North Carolina extracted in return for essentially paying off our arrears were the conditions that exist. The essence of the deal is, we basically paid all the arrears we say we owe, if this becomes law, if this is appropriated, in return for conditions to do things I don't disagree with my friend on, but I don't think we should have done it the way we did. I think we should have said, pay the arrears, and, by the way, from this point on, we are not going to unless these conditions persist.  However, politics is the art of compromise. The Senator from North Carolina has made a significant compromise here to get us to this point. Because of his standing on his side of the aisle and, quite frankly, his standing nationally, as one who is not about to be viewed as easily taken over by the U.N., I think the mere fact that he has done this adds a credibility to the process that exceeds by far and away the dollar value that would have been accomplished, had we gotten another $95 million or thereabouts in the account.  This is only the beginning of the fight. The Senator put his credibility on the line to get this done one time before. The House concluded that for reasons I will not take the time to go into now, that it would not do this.  The House committee, our comparable committee, has been good on this issue. But it is a different thing when it gets to the House floor. Although we are technically halfway there, if we pass this bill today, the truth of the matter is, we are probably only about 30 percent of the way there because there are other hurdles on the House side we have to overcome.  I truly appreciate the views of the Senator from Maryland, with whom I agree 100 percent. I also truly appreciate the statesmanship of my friend from North Carolina who has brought us to this point. Without him, quite frankly, this couldn't be done. That old expression we have overused, ``Only Nixon can go to China,'' only Helms could take us this far.  That is literally true. That is not an exaggeration. I thank him for that.  Hopefully, this is the beginning of a process that puts us in good stead, strengthens the United Nations, and makes it a more viable and tightly run organization.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Enzi). The Chair recognizes the Senator from North Carolina.  