  My friend from Arizona, as I said, is one of the most skillful debaters and lawyers in here. He never says anything that is not true. But sometimes he says things that do not matter much to the argument.  For example, he said nuclear testing is the preferred method. It sure is. Flying home is a preferred method to get there. But I can get there just as easily and surely by taking the train. It is preferred to fly home. I get home faster when I fly home. But the train gets me home. In fact, I can drive home. All three methods can verify for my wife that I have come from Washington to my front door. They are all verifiable. They all get the job done. It is the preferred method.  By the way, it is the preferred method to have underground testing. It is the preferred method to have above-ground testing. That is the preferred method to make sure everything is working.  If I took the logic of his argument to its logical extension, I would say, well, you know, my friend from Arizona wanting underground testing is, in fact, denying the scientists their total capacity to understand exactly what has happened by denying atmospheric testing. The preferred method is atmospheric testing. What difference does it make if we can guarantee the reliability of the weapon?  The question with regard to North Korea I pose this way: If we ratify the treaty, and my friend from Arizona is correct that North Korea does not, so what. There is no treaty. It does not go into force. They have to ratify the treaty for it to go into force. What is the problem? If a country is certain it will not matter, they are not going to ratify or abide. Then (a) they don't ratify, we are not in, we are not bound; (b) if they are in and they do a nuclear explosion underground, we are out, according to the last paragraph of our amendment. The President has to get out of the treaty. Must--not may, must. These are what we used to call in law school red herrings. They are effective but red herrings.  The last point, I heard people stand up on the floor and say: This country is already or is about to violate the NPT, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, by exploding a nuclear weapon. Guess what. They are allowed, under the NPT, to blow up things: nuclear bombs, nuclear weapons, nuclear explosions. They don't call them ``weapons''; they say it is a nuclear explosion, as long as it is for peaceful means. How does one determine whether or not an underground test which has plutonium imploded and has set off a chain reaction was for peaceful, as opposed to nonpeaceful, means? That is a nuclear test.  We ought to get our facts straight. The distinctions make a difference. It is true; it is hard to verify whether or not anybody violated the NPT because if they are caught, that country says it was for peaceful reasons, dealing with peaceful uses of their nuclear capability.  I have heard a lot of non sequiturs today. My only point in raising North Korea was the idea that anybody who thinks we are going to be in a position that if we turn this treaty down there is any possibility we will stop testing anywhere in the world is kidding themselves.  I say to my colleagues, ask yourself the rhetorical question. Do you want to be voting down a treaty on the day there is a coup in Pakistan. Good luck, folks. I am not suggesting that a vote one way or another is dispositive of what Pakistan would or wouldn't do. But I will respectfully suggest we will be answering the rest of the year, the rest of the decade, whether or not what we did at that critical moment and what is going on between India and Pakistan and within Pakistan was affected by our actions.  I conclude by saying, in the middle of the Carter administration there was a little debate about this notion of a neutron bomb. The American Government put pressure on Helmut Schmidt, Chancellor of Germany at the time, to agree to deployment of the neutron bomb in Europe--a difficult position for him to take as a member of the SPD. He made the decision, and then President Carter decided not to deploy the neutron bomb. I remember how upset the Chancellor of Germany was. The Chancellor of Germany was not inclined to speak to the President of the United States.  I was like that little kid in the commercial with the cereal sitting on the table. There are two 10-year-olds and a 6-year-old. The 10-year-old asks: Who eats that? Mom and dad. Is it any good? You try it. The other kid says: No, you try it. They both turn to the 6-year-old and say: Mikey will try it.  I was ``Mikey.'' I got sent to Germany to meet with Schmidt, to sit down at the little conference table in the Chancellor's office to discuss our relationship. I will never forget something Chancellor Schmidt said--and I will not violate any security issue; it is probably long past a need to be secure--in frustration, while he was smoking his 19th cigarette similar to Golda Meir, a chain-smoker, he pounded his hand on the table and said: You don't understand, Joe; when the United States sneezes, Europe catches a cold. When the United States sneezes, Europe catches a cold.  When we act on gigantic big-ticket items such as a treaty affecting the whole world and nuclear weapons, whether we intend it or not, the world reacts. This is not a very prudent time to be voting on this treaty, I respectfully suggest.  I yield the floor.  