 President, I never had a doubt, nor did any of my colleagues, that if we ever got any forum in which we could discuss the qualifications of Richard Holbrooke, he would win unanimously. We never doubted that. But it took a lot to get it to the Foreign Relations Committee, to get a vote in the Foreign Relations Committee, and once it got to the floor, to move it forward.  I want to say something about these holds. I have been here 27 years. I have been a sitting Senator longer than the Senator from Virginia. There are only seven people who have been in the entire Senate longer than I. We have lost our sense of proportion. Holds have nothing to do with--nothing to do with--the balance of power here when used in the fashion they were used.  Let me explain what I mean by that. It is one thing to say, I am going to hold up that bill from passing because the bill left out two bridges in my State that are critical to the commerce of my State. There is a correlation between the spending of money and the impact on my State--a sense of proportion.  If I say that I am going to hold up the next Director of NASA because I want answers on how the space program is going to work, that is reasonable. There is a sense of proportion. There is a relationship between NASA and the head of NASA.  But when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee for several years, or were I to become chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, and I said: By the way--and, by the way, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee did not do this--were I to say: You know, I realize the President's nominee for the Supreme Court may be a good guy, or good woman, but I'm going to hold her up because the Dover Air Force Base is being closed, that is no sense of proportion, that is an abuse of power--an abuse of power. That is totally unreasonable.  Let's get straight what this was about. We held up one of the single most important foreign policy personnel decisions to be made by this administration. And not a person in thisSenate would disagree with that assertion. Why? Because one Senator wanted someone on the Federal Election Commission whom he did not get, and another Senator thought that some second-tier person who worked at the U.S. mission to the U.N., who in fact was disciplined, should not have been disciplined.  The process in the law that calls for review of that person's case is underway. The person who helped write that process into the law decides that the process isn't working quickly enough or getting the result he wants, so they hold up the Ambassador to the United Nations at this moment in our history.  I respect both the gentlemen who did those things personally, but I respectfully suggest--as we Catholics say, when you are a little kid and you go to confession, they say you learn to examine your conscience. Go examine your conscience and tell me whether there is any sense of proportion.  As I stated earlier, since 1981, in the case of nominations for UN ambassador, the average amount of time--the number of days between the time that nominee was reported by the Foreign Relations Committee and the time that that nominee was voted on in the Senate was 4 days--4 days.  The reason I mention this is, you know what I am afraid of? I say to my friend from Virginia and my Republican colleagues. When the Democratic Party takes control, we are going to learn wrong lessons from you all, we are going to learn the wrong lessons.  I remember when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, we had the Clarence Thomas nomination. Before Anita Hill came along we had a vote, and it was 7-7. Guess what. Technically, that means he did not get enough votes to be voted out. I had some very liberal Democrats, hard-edged Democrats, like your hard-right Republicans, say: Mr. Chairman, it's within your power not to report him to the floor.  How responsible would it have been for me, as the chairman of the committee--which I could have done--to prevent the Senate from voting on a Supreme Court nominee? The Republicans would have done that, based on their conduct on this nomination. And guess what. If it happens again, mark my words, Democrats are going to join this place who are going to learn all the wrong lessons from this abuse of power, this lack of proportionality.  I am not going to say any more about it. The reason I am not is that it is done. But I really, truly hope and plead with my colleagues, on both sides of the aisle, have a sense of proportion here. We dodged a bullet here because of the incredible work of Senator Helms and Senator Warner on the Republican side and the eventual yielding on the part of others. Reason ultimately prevailed. But this is a bad, bad, bad practice; and this is a good, good, good nominee.  I will conclude, because others want to speak, by stressing two points about Mr. Holbrooke. One, in all my years in the Senate, no one in the Senate who has come before our committee is more qualified to do the job for which he has been nominated than this man--none; not one.  Secondly, this is an ethical man. This man's ethics have been questioned under what I believe to be an aberration. We put in the law--and I voted for inspectors general, but guess what. The law can be triggered by an article in a newspaper. That can hold up a nomination for months and months, requiring intensive investigation. This is the most investigated man we have had for the United Nations, and there is not an unethical drop of blood in this guy's veins.  So I think there are three things we have to do.  Let's put this man in place. Let this incredible energy and intellectual horsepower that this fellow has go to work on behalf of America. Two, let's reexamine whether or not we exercised any proportionality here in holding this up. And three, I would ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to consider joining with me and going back and relooking at the way in which the inspector general's office is triggered and worked so we avoid this kind of thing in the future.  