  Mr. President, let me begin my more formal remarks by referring to the concluding remarks I made on this floor on October 14, 1998, immediately after the agreement between Ambassador Holbrooke and the President of Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic, was made public.  I said at that time:       [W]e must never again allow racist thugs like Milosevic to      carry out their outrages while the alliance dawdles.  Referring to the just concluded agreement, I further stated:       [W]e must brook no more opposition from Milosevic on its      implementation. To use a domestic American term, we must      adopt a policy of ``zero tolerance'' with [this] Yugoslav      bully.       Many of us had hoped that the mistakes that enabled the      Bosnian horrors to take place would teach us a lesson.       Unfortunately, we have repeated many of those errors and      have thereby allowed Milosevic and his storm troopers to      repeat their atrocities in Kosovo.       Twice is enough. There must not be a third time.  I do not cite that to suggest any air of erudition, Mr. President. I cite that to say my position--right or wrong--has been consistent since the day this agreement has been signed.  Mr. President, from the bottom of my heart, I regret to report that there has been a third time. There have been more massacres, have been violations of the agreement, and both the massacres and the violations are continuing as we speak; indeed, as I speak at this moment. Let's look at the disgraceful record.  Everybody forgets that we are operating in the context of Holbrooke-Milosevic agreement, an agreement that has been signed on by our allies and our friends. The President has been saying for the last month and a half that if Milosevic does not sign on to an agreement, assuming that the Kosovars do sign on, we will bomb. For an unusual thing, NATO already acted. NATO got together and debated this issue. And NATO members all voted unanimously to use airpower if in fact one side or the other did not--did not--agree. So what happened here is, there is an agreement. The context of this whole debate is that agreement in 1998.  Immediately following the Holbrooke-Milosevic agreement, machinery was set in place to prevent a recurrence of massacres that had already occurred in Kosovo and in Bosnia the previous years and to move toward an interim agreement on the future status of Kosovo.  On October 25, 1998, the Yugoslav Government and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization fleshed out the Holbrooke-Milosevic agreement, authorizing exact numbers--exact numbers--of troops, the so-called VJ, and Serbian Interior Police, so-called MUPs, who are a bunch of thugs, wouldbe able to be in Kosovo province. The agreement also specified the garrisons to which they were to be restricted.  That was signed by NATO and Milosevic, and a cease-fire took effect, monitored by unarmed NATO aircraft, and international compliance verifiers were allowed into Kosovo.  Like his ideological model earlier in this century, Milosevic has treated most of this agreement as a ``scrap of paper.'' The Yugoslav Government has flagrantly violated the limits stipulated in the October agreement. Rather than the 12,500 regular army troops and the 6,500 special police called for--a total of 19,000--there are presently 40,000 Yugoslav soldiers and Serbian special police forces in the province of Kosovo, in clear violation of the agreement.  As for the cease-fire called for--it is a total joke. Milosevic was afraid to refuse entry of the international verifiers or to shoot down NATO planes. So as a result, we have a documented ongoing pattern of warfare, both against units of the Kosovo Liberation Army, but especially against Kosovar civilians.  There have been countless massacres, but the most widely publicized one was perpetrated by the Serbs on January 15, 1999, in the village of Racak. There 45 Kosovar Albanian civilians--women and children--were slaughtered. The Serbs, of course, asserted that they all had been KLA fighters who had either been killed in combat or shot while fleeing.  Unfortunately for the Serbs, a Finnish-led team of forensic experts that examined the bodies reported unequivocally that the victims had been forced to kneel and had been executed by being riddled with small-arms fire.  They got down on their knees. These bullet wounds were in the back of their heads. They were executed, just like they did in Bosnia, just like Hitler did in World War II.  Just yesterday, Mr. President, 10 Kosovars were massacred by Serbs in the village of Srbica. During the past 10 days, the Yugoslav Army and the Serbian special forces have gone on the offensive, seizing the high ground above roads and railroads, moving in their most modern weaponry, including M-72 and M-84 tanks, and conducting a search and destroy mission against Kosovar villages suspected of harboring KLA sympathizers.  The net result is a new flood of refugees so great that their number is now approaching 450,000--450,000 the number reached last fall.  I might remind my colleagues, the only difference was, last fall when it reached that number, folks were able to flee to the mountains because they were not full of snow, they were able to hide. One of the reasons for the urgency that was being argued in the negotiations by Mr. Holbrooke was--and we all seem to agree--was that winter was coming and all these folks would die. Well, it is winter there now.  Mr. President, the tragic events of Kosovo have a clear historical causality which I will summarize now. Kosovo is considered by Serbs to be the heartland of their civilization. There, in the year 1389, on the so-called Blackbirds Field near present-day Pristina, the medieval Serbian knights were defeated by the Ottoman Turks, which led to more than five centuries of Turkish domination of the Balkans.  It was a courageous fight. They saved Christianity and the rest of Europe, but the bottom line was, they lost. And the bottom line was that the Balkans for 500 years were dominated by Turkey and many parts became Moslem.  The Albanians, however, also claim Kosovo as their own and, in fact, can trace their habitation there even further back than the south Slavs, the Serbs.  As a result of the policies of the Communist dictator of the former Yugoslavia, Marshal Tito--whom I had the interesting pleasure of having lunch with in his private residence in Split, Yugoslavia, with now deceased Ambassador Averell Harriman, one of the most interesting encounters I ever had in my career--the former Yugoslavian dictator, Marshal Tito.  In 1974, the Kosovar Albanians were granted the status of an autonomous region within the Republic of Serbia because of this history. Basically, the Albanians were allowed local control, while border security and foreign relations remained under the control of Belgrade. In the next 15 years, the percentage of Serbs in the Kosovo population dropped from approximately one-quarter to less than one-tenth. At the time this agreement was reached--this autonomy was granted by Tito in 1974--one out of four people living in the province of Kosovo were Serbs; three out of four were Albanians living within Serbia. They were basically Moslem, and the others were Orthodox Christians. Since that time, it has become 10-1; only 1 in 10 are Serbs.  Now, this has occurred for several reasons: A much higher birth rate among the Kosovar Albanians than among local Serbs; ``buyouts'' of many Serbian homesteads by Kosovars, some of whom earned hard currency abroad; and some harassment of Serbs by Kosovars, although nothing approaching the ethnic cleansing that is now being carried out by the Serbs.  Meanwhile, in Serbia proper, an ambitious young Communist politician named Slobodan Milosevic engineered a coup against the communist leadership of Serbia. He needed a vehicle to consolidate his power, and the time-honored vehicle used by most rogues is rabid nationalism. He needed to be able to spread his newly consolidated power to the Serb-inhabited regions of Yugoslavia outside of Serbia. So in a famous speech in 1989--he would have done proud any demagogue who has ever arrived on the political scene, and I am not referring to anyone here, I am referring to those folks who don't make it usually--in 1989, on the 600th anniversary of the Battle of Blackbirds Field, to which I earlier referred, Milosevic traveled to Kosovo and delivered a rabble-rousing speech in which he promised that no Serb would ever be pushed around by anyone again anywhere in the world, notwithstanding the fact that it was a hard case to make that that was happening.  On March 23, 1989, without the consent of the people of Kosovo, Milosevic amended the Constitution of Yugoslavia, revoking the autonomous status that they had had for roughly the past 15 years.  The following year, the parliament and the government of Kosovo were abolished by further unlawful amendments to the Constitution of Yugoslavia.  A thoroughgoing purge of ethnic Albanians in Kosovo followed. Thousands of hard-working citizens were summarily fired from their civil service positions, and the Serbian Government denied funding to basic institutions of Kosovo society.  It is absolutely necessary to note the reaction of the Kosovars to these massive violations of their human and civil rights. What was that reaction initially? Under the leadership of Dr. Rugova, the Kosovars--and he is a Kosovar--the Kosovars set up a parallel, unofficial system of governance. They set up schools, hospitals, and other institutions that make society run. Mr. President, under Dr. Rugova's leadership, the Kosovars held to a policy of nonviolence for nearly seven years. I do not know any other example elsewhere of such self-restraint anywhere in recent years.  The United States recognized that Kosovo was a tinderbox that could explode at any time. For that reason, former President George Bush sent a warning to Mr. Milosevic at Christmas 1992, the so-called Christmas warning. Keep in mind, the Kosovars had not used violence; they were still peacefully trying to piece together their society. On Christmas of 1992, the three Senators in this Chamber at the moment were all here at the time--not in the Chamber--and President Bush, a Republican President, issued the Christmas warning that said the United States was prepared to intervene militarily if Serbia attacked the ethnic Albanians in Kosovo.  