 President, it is with great honor, yet immense sadness that I stand today to pay tribute to a man--Rabbi Herbert Drooz--whose spirit, vision, and voice will live on for generations to come in my State of Delaware.  As a respected religious leader and social activist for 30 years, he was a builder--literally and figuratively--who dreamed big and made big things happen.  When I got back to Delaware from law school--I went out of State, we didn't have a law school in the State at the time, in 1968--Rabbi Drooz was one of the first civic activists that I came in contact with. He oversaw the building of a new synagogue for the reform congregation of Beth Emeth, that he led, which is now the largest synagogue in Delaware, along with the construction of the school on Lea Boulevard, not far from where I had gone to school in Wilmington, Delaware. These two buildings stand as not only monuments to his vision and his dedication to religious service, but they also had the very practical impact of enhancing the region and the neighborhood, and causing people to invest not only physically and financially, but psychologically in our city.  He built a community esprit de corps as well--founding the Delaware Chapter of the National Conference of Christians and Jews, which recently was renamed the National Conference for Community and Justice, which is one of the most significant civic organizations and moral barometers in my State. At the University of Delaware, my alma mater, he organized the popular student Hillel group. When I was a student at the University of Delaware in 1961 to 1965, it had a very small Jewish student body. It now has a vigorous, engaged and involved Jewish student body, and the Hillel group at the University is, again, a major force for justice, focusing on the moral dilemmas of our time.  What most Delawareans remember about Rabbi Drooz was his voice. He was known as the Rabbi who speaks. Every Sunday morning, you could turn on WDEL radio station, one of the largest radio stations in my State, and hear his words of wisdom and compassion, on a program that was titled, ``The Rabbi Speaks.''  He spoke to and reached out to more than Delaware's proud Jewish community. He was one of the first people who went the extra mile to reach out to the non-Jewish community.  He spoke during times of social unrest in my State. He spoke about more than religious issues. In 1954, he used his leadership and oratorical skills to speak out forcefully against the racist hatred exhibited by a militant in the southern part of my State, in a city called Milford, who tried to defy the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Brown v. the Board of Education, to end racial segregation in our public schools. It may come as a surprise to many, but to my great shame, my great State has the blot upon its history that we were segregated by law, and in 1954 it was not particularly popular to speak out on that issue.  His words from the Beth Emeth pulpit still ring out.  He questioned, quote:       Why no leader has risen from among the citizens of Milford      to combat this merchant of hate from another. We have been      tardy. Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal      treacherously, brother against brother?  The Rabbi speaks, indeed. He spoke, and he spoke at a time when few were willing to speak.  In 1966, he joined with bishops from the local Catholic and Episcopal dioceses in leading the Methodists and Presbyterians in opposing American involvement in the war in Vietnam--not very popular at the time and not always popular among his congregation.  Rabbi Drooz led the Rabbinical Association of Delaware for two terms as President. He spoke out as a board member on the board of the Fair Housing Council, Pacem In Terris, the American Red Cross, the Mental Health Association, and Delaware's Urban Coalition.  Everything that mattered, every issue that required some moral bearing, every issue that people tended to shy away from because they were controversial, Rabbi Drooz spoke out.  A point of personal privilege, Mr. President. You know as a former Governor and a former mayor and a Senator now, occasionally things get said about us that are totally untrue. We never fail to forget those voices in the community who have significant standing, who are willing to risk their reputations to speak out for us.  Rabbi Drooz spoke out for Joe Biden, too. He spoke out for me at a time that could have stopped me in my tracks from winning the election in 1972.  Please allow me this point of personal privilege to tell this brief story. Just days before that election, I was falsely accused of being anti-Semitic in an unfounded charge by a disgruntled, former campaign worker. I was 29 years old. Hardly anybody knew me. Those who knew me knew, and my record as a Senator has demonstrated, I am far from an anti-Semite. As a matter of fact, I am accused these days by my opponents of being the other way.  At the time, as a 29-year-old guy from a family with no influence or money running for the U.S. Senate in a year when George McGovern was being trounced in my State. I was accused in this sort of Pearl Harbor sneak attack the weekend before the Tuesday of being an anti-Semite, and it was printed in our largest paper.  Rabbi Drooz immediately went into action on the Sunday prior to the election. Rabbi Drooz organized a meeting of Delaware's Jewish community, enlisting the support of the very influential Governor of Pennsylvania who happened to be Jewish, Milton Shapp. Rabbi Drooz spoke out for Joe Biden and supported me against this untrue, unfair accusation. Needless to say, he was effective in setting the record straight, or I would not be standing here today. The mere fact that Rabbi Drooz said, ``I know Joe Biden,'' was good enough for the entire community in my State.  I will forever hold Rabbi Drooz in the highest esteem for his courage, his leadership, his boldness and for getting me back on my feet at a time when I needed his courage, leadership and boldness the most.  After I became a Senator, on a regular basis I would brief Rabbi Drooz on the situation in the Middle East. He would put together people for me to speak to. Seldom did we disagree, but when we did, there was no question about my independence, and he never questioned whether or not I should be.  Rabbi Drooz was a fighter to the end. Alzheimer's stole his mind, but not his spirit. Just six months before he died, as an octogenarian, he agreed to participate in a study for Alzheimer's to test new medication.  Mr. President, in conclusion, I point out that I truly believe his spirit lives on in his son Daniel and his daughter Johanna, his brother Arnold and his six grandchildren. They are respected in the community and continue to participate in the community.  I say goodbye to Rabbi Drooz. Shalom and peace be with you, my friend, and may all that you did for the good of Delaware be remembered.  I yield the floor.  