 President, I am pleased to join with my colleagues, Senator Grassley and Senator Torricelli, in bringing bankruptcy reform legislation before the Senate today.  Senator Grassley is the Senate's acknowledged leader on this issue, in every sense of the word. He has made reform of our bankruptcy code his cause, and he has stayed the course, through the last session of Congress and again this year, to bring us to where we are today.  It is evidence of Senator Grassley's commitment that he has reached out to the ranking Democrat on his Subcommittee, Senator Torricelli, to join him in that effort. He certainly chose the right man for the job.  Senator Torricelli has worked with Senator Grassley to bring the kind of balance to the bill before us today that marked last year's Senate floor a bill that was reported out of the Judiciary Committee by a bipartisan, 14-to-4 margin.  Last year, we brought to the floor a bill that passed the Senate 97 to 1--virtually unanimous agreement that our bankruptcy code needs reform, as well as consensus that reform must be fair.  I would like to address both of those points today, Mr. President--the need for reform, and the need for that reform to be balanced and equitable.  To a large extent, the numbers speak for themselves--the number of bankruptcy filings has exploded in recent years, reaching a record 1.4 million last year. That's on top of double-digit increases in the number of consumer bankruptcy filings for most of this decade. This record was set in a time of the best economic conditions our country has ever seen--the lowest persistent unemployment and inflation, the highest sustained growth, widespread income gains, and a booming stock market.  These are not the conditions that we normally associate with the kind of widespread financial distress that could trigger a wave of bankruptcy filings.  This tells me--and a lot of others, as well--that there is something wrong with the way our consumer bankruptcy code operates today. Simply put, too many people are finding it too easy too easy to walk away from their legitimate obligations by filing for bankruptcy. When that happens, somebody else pays the bill.  In the past year, a number different studies have looked at just how big that bill can be. These studies have been conducted by all sides in the debate, including the credit industry and the bankruptcy bar. The study conducted by the Department of Justice concluded that American businesses lose $3.2 billion annually to bankruptcies filed by individuals who have the capacity to repay their debts.  The size of the bankruptcy problem--both the number of filings and the dead-weight losses to our economy--was the foundation for last year's overwhelming Senate support for reform.  The principle behind the reforms we bring to the floor today is simple, Mr. President--if you file for the protection of bankruptcy, one basic question will be asked: do you have the ability to pay some of your bills, or not?  If the facts--looking at your income on the one hand, and the bills you have to pay on the other--show that you can pay, then you must file under Chapter 13, that requires a period of at least partial repayment before you are forgiven your remaining debts. Under such a Chapter 13 plan, you are not required to sell off major assets such as your house or your car.  If the facts show that you simply don't have the income to under take a Chapter 13 repayment plan, then the protection of Chapter 7 is still there for you. Chapter 7, however, requires that you sell off any significant assets, and the proceeds go to your creditors.  Most Americans would agree that this is fair, and would be surprised to find that no test of someone's ability to pay is required to get the protection of Chapter 7. But in fact, as even the strongest opponents of bankruptcy reform admit, today pretty much all the assumptions in the bankruptcy code are in favor of the filers, who can voluntarily choose a Chapter 7 liquidation or a Chapter 13 repayment plan.  The bill we bring to the floor today attempts to restore some balance to those assumptions, to require more responsibility on the part of those who seek the protection of bankruptcy.  But some of my colleagues will argue during this debate that the source of this problem is not really the operation of our bankruptcy laws, but what they call ``irresponsible'' lending. Creditors--especially the aggressive credit card companies--are pushing debt onto people, and that is what is driving people into bankruptcy.  Now, I am sure all of us are tired of those millions--actually billions--of credit card solicitations that come through the mail every year. But I ask my colleagues to reflect for a moment on what the alternative to widely available consumer credit would be.  When I first came to the Senate, we were fighting against lending practices that ``red-lined'' whole neighborhoods, Mr. President, in which banks would simply decide that some people were not worthy of credit, that they were incapable of managing their own affairs. A lot of us in Congress saw that as just plain wrong, and we worked to change it.  One of the things we did, in 1977, was to pass the Community Reinvestment Act, that requires banks to lend into local communities where incomes may be lower or the risks of repayment higher than bankers might prefer.  We just passed an historic overhaul of our country's banking laws. The Financial Services Modernization Act took many years of hard work to complete. Among the most contentious issues was the treatment of the Community Reinvestment Act.  In fact, President Clinton threatened a veto of that bill if the principles of the Community Reinvestment Act were not protected in the final deal. Those principles boil down to the idea that everyone deserves access to credit, and it is the policy of this country that banks must not unfairly restrict credit, despite what they think is the best way to maximize returns and minimize the risks on their loans.  Now, I am not here to argue that the flood of credit card solicitations is part of some new social program by the credit card companies. Of course they are trying to make money. By the way, it is also evidence of a lot of competition in the lending business, as well. But when I hear my colleagues argue about ``irresponsible lending,'' I hear echoes of those earlier debates about red-lining.  The ``democratization of credit,'' as some people have called it, has risks, of course. Some people will not use credit responsibly. But the alternative to widely available credit--passing laws to cut back on credit to the kinds of people we here in Washington have decided just can't be trusted to use it wisely--that alternative is far, far, worse, in my view.  Should we do more to make sure that consumers are fully informed, and thatlenders disclose the full cost consumers pay for credit? Of course we should, Mr. President. During our Committee deliberations on this bill, we considered proposals by Senator Schumer that would have imposed requirements for more complete disclosure, in billing and in advertising, by creditors.  Because those issues are under the jurisdiction of the Banking Committee, we made the conscious decision to leave those provisions for an amendment here during the floor debate. That amendment will be among the first items of business on this bill.  Should we do more to make sure consumers are informed about how to handle debt, and how to avoid the ultimate step of bankruptcy? Of course we should, Mr. President. The bankruptcy reform bill before us today calls for new initiatives in those areas, as well. We look to the causes of bankruptcy as part of a comprehensive approach to reform.  But to try to stem the tide of bankruptcies by making credit harder to get, Mr. President, is a cure that will prove to be worse than the disease.  I thought one of the most important aspects of last years's Senate debate was how, as we attempt to reduce the number of bankruptcy filings, to still make sure that we continue to provide the full protection from creditors and the fresh start that many Americans will continue to require and deserve.  For many of my colleagues, particularly on my side of the aisle, that has been the real focus of the debate over bankruptcy reform, and it should be.  I know that many of my colleagues are concerned that the means test in this bill, that determines a bankruptcy filer's ability to pay, will be unfair to those who really need the full protection from creditors and the fresh start that Chapter 7 has historically provided. In fact, however, the means test is intended to ensure that a repayment plan--under Chapter 13--will be required only of those individuals who actually have the documented ability to continue to pay some of their legal obligations.  A range of studies from all sides in this debate has found that only 3 to 15 per cent of filers under the current system would be steered from the complete protection of Chapter 7 into Chapter 13, where they will be required to continue payments on--and, I have to stress, retain possession of--their credit purchases. The means test is designed to make sure that these new responsibilities will be required only of those who have the resources to meet them.  The managers' amendment that we will bring to the floor will provide additional refinements and safeguards to make sure the means test achieves that goal.  Another major concern that has been expressed by my colleagues is that bankruptcy reform will unfairly affect women and children, who may depend on family support payments--alimony, child support--that are all too often part of the picture in the financial and personal distress that can lead to bankruptcy. I want my colleagues to know just how much we have done to protect family support payments--to protect them much more than current law.  This bill will give alimony and child support payments the highest possible priority--over credit card companies, over department stores, over all other creditors--when the line forms to collect payments from someone who is in bankruptcy. This bill also requires that all alimony and child support must be paid in full before the final discharge of debts at the end of bankruptcy. These are just two of the significant improvements in the treatment of alimony and child support in this bill, and there are others.  The reform of our bankruptcy code is a complicated issue, and in the coming days we will be debating a lot of the thousands of important details that are involved. But if we keep our eye on the big picture--fundamental principles of fairness, responsibility, and effectiveness--I am convinced that this bill will enjoy overwhelming bipartisan support on final passage.  