  Mr. President, there are a number of revisions that have been worked out here in the core bill that is before us. As the ranking member, Senator Leahy, knows, and as the chairman knows, this began over 2\1/2\ years ago. We have come a long way. We have narrowed the gap between the position held by Senator Hatch and myself and by Senator Sessions and myself and many others. Primarily what the Hatch-Biden-Sessions amendment does, it takes the underlying bill and it does three or four, I think, very important things.  No. 1, it adds prevention uses to permissible uses of the so-called accountability block grant. When I am homesometimes watching this on TV, I wonder how the people understand anything we are saying. What is an accountability block grant? What it means is that there is $450 million in this bill that we give to given States to be able to use for various purposes. One of those chunks of money, the $450 million, prior to the Hatch-Biden amendment, did not allow the money to be used for prevention. This allows, earmarks, requires 25 percent of it to be used for prevention. You have about $113 million that is to be used for prevention out of that grant.  In addition to that, it adds other allowable uses that we hope the States will do. That is, it allows them to use money for drug treatment, alcohol treatment, drug and alcohol treatment, school counseling, school-based prevention programs. Then, in addition, what it does is--in the Biden crime bill, which became the crime law of 1994, what we didn't do was we did not put in money for prosecutors. We found out, as the former Governor of Nebraska knows, what happens in a lot of these courts is we add more cops and they arrest a lot more people. There are not enough prosecutors, there are not enough judges, and there are not enough facilities. So the cops do their job, but the process gets bottlenecked. So we have $50 million in here, which was initially resisted, $50 million for prosecutors at a State level, State prosecutors, money for the States to hire prosecutors to prosecute juvenile justice cases and for the States to train them to in fact prosecute crimes in juvenile court, because that always takes the hind quarter of these cases. One of the things is, there is not enough resources devoted to pursuing these cases.  The prosecution of the case doesn't mean we are just putting more prosecutors here to send kids to jail. We are putting more prosecutors in here to resolve these sets of graduated sanctions the States have set up so there is a prosecutor following through and saying, this kid is going to go on a work project, this kid is going to go to the State reform school, this kid is going to have to pay restitution for what he did, this kid is going to, in fact, follow through on the sanction that the court is imposing on him. And we, the State, are going to be able to pursue this--we, the prosecutor in such-and-such a county or such-and-such a State.  Finally, and perhaps most important of all, I think the best thing we did in the crime bill we passed in 1994, the thing that people paid the least attention to but the thing I worked the hardest on was setting up a crime trust fund, a violent crime trust fund.  I remind everybody that we made a commitment with this administration and when the crime bill passed we would reduce the workforce of Federal employees. We would reduce that workforce, but instead of taking their paycheck and returning it to the Treasury, we were going to put it in a trust fund. So we reduced the Federal workforce by 300,000 people--the smallest Federal workforce since John Kennedy was President of the United States of America. We took that money and we put it in a trust fund that can only be used for the purposes outlined in the crime bill--for prevention, for enforcement, and for incarceration. It stopped us from bickering over how we are going to fund the programs.  We are not raising any new taxes to pay for this. We are not giving money back. We can. We could take this money that we are no longer paying the Federal employees in the Department of Education, or in the Department of Energy, or wherever--we could take their paycheck and give it back in terms of a tax cut, or we could take it and put it in this trust fund.  That is what has kept the funding of the 100,000 cops, that is what has kept the funding of the prison system, and that is what has kept the funding of the prevention programs. That expires in the year 2000. This will extend that violent crime trust fund to the year 2005.  Once we cut through all the specific things we could legislatively do, it is probably the single most significant thing we will do.  I thank my colleagues for agreeing to the compromise which includes extending that trust fund.  There are a number of pieces of this legislation that understandably--because this is a moving target--have in fact confused people.  My friend from Nebraska asked me the question about whether or not this federalizes juvenile crime, whether or not it sets a Federal aid limit at which you could try a young person as an adult that preempts State law. No, we don't do that.  It does say that in a Federal court, if a Federal prosecutor brings a case within Federal jurisdiction against a minor, they can in fact seek to try that minor as an adult under a certain set of circumstances. But it doesn't go in and say to the State of Nebraska or Delaware that you must in your State treat minors in terms of whether or not they can be tried as adults the same way the Federal system treats them. Some States try minors as adults at a much younger age. Some States don't allow minors under the age of 18 to be tried as adults unless it is under the most extraordinary circumstances.  The original legislation in iteration of four or five bills ago probably did do that. But we are not federalizing this notion of under what circumstances a person under the age of 18 can be tried as an adult. We are not allowing for Federal preemption where there is State and Federal jurisdiction. It is not an automatic preemption to the State by the Federal Government. We have built into this legislation a rational way of approaching that.  In the interest of time, I am not going to take the time to explain that now.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator's time has expired.  