  There are four block grants in the bill. The one in which the distinguished Senator from Utah has agreed to make an alteration is the provision for $450 million that is available for up to 25 percent; $113 million of that will now be able to be used for afterschool programs, for drug treatment programs, and for any program which is designed to deal with the cadre of kids who, from the time the school bill rings at 2:30 until they go to a supervised situation at 6 or 7 o'clock at dinner, commit the majority of crimes committed by young people.  However, there are two other provisions in the bill. There are two other block grants of $200 million apiece. Those two allow money to be used for prevention and afterschool programs.  As I told the Senator, I happen to think in the original bill which I introduced 2 years ago--that was the juvenile justice bill--that had a number of cosponsors.  I think we should be spending closer to $1 billion on this prevention notion. From the time I was a kid, I went to a Catholic grade school. I don't know whether the nuns got this from my mother, or my mother got this from the nuns, but as my Mother would say, an idle mind is the Devil's workshop.  Give a kid no supervision from 2:30 in the afternoon until dinnertime, and I promise--I promise--good kids are going to get in trouble and bad kids are going to do very bad things. This is not rocket science. We should be doing much more.  The Senator from California has focused very much as a Congresswoman and now as a Senator on dealing with afterschool programs. Again, if you could wave a wand, and all the school boards and school districts that say they care so much about their children--and they do--if they could have baseball, basketball, cheerleading, chess, girls' field hockey, lacrosse, I would have those programs for every junior high in America. Almost no junior high in America has the programs. Do you want to keep kids out of trouble? This is not hard. This is not hard. The people in the gallery know it; they understand it. The American people understand it. Why don't we understand it? Why don't the local authorities understand it? It is hard to tell people you will raise your taxes in order to do this.  The other thing this bill does, with the help of Senators Phil Gramm and Robert Byrd: When the Biden crime bill passed in 1994, we set up a violent crime trust fund. We let go 300,000 Federal workers. Under this administration, we have the smallest federal workforce since John Kennedy was President. I know the Senator knows this, but what we did with that money is take the paycheck that used to go to the person working at the IRS or the Department of Energy or wherever, and when they left their job, we didn't rehire people. We reduced the workforce. We put their paycheck in a trust fund, like the highway trust fund. This extends the trust fund until the year 2005.  I say to my friend that there are a lot of programs worth spending money on--education and defense--but I can't think of anything more fundamental than taking the streets back and giving our kids a safe environment in which to live.  There are two things we do. We add prevention money as a permissible use. We earmark it. It adds up only to $113 million. It has part of the other $400 million in this bill that can be used for prevention, but it is short of what we should be doing.  I am looking forward to supporting the Senator from California when she tries to do more for afterschool programs.  