 But I would get back in the subway car and I would head over here and I would say: You know, maybe . . . maybe.  I want to tell you, he was well liked by every Senator, every staff person. The guy who is the minority staff director, Ed Hall, who is sitting in the back, considered him a close friend. It was remarkable to watch their relationship, watch how they dealt with one another. I haven't found anybody who was better liked, more respected, more fair, or more knowledgeable than Bud Nance--of all the people with whom I have worked. Above all, Bud Nance was--and this is not said lightly; I don't often use the word--Bud Nance was a genuine patriot.  At all times, he would focus on the central question. We would get involved and we would be arguing, we would be talking, and Bud Nance always, always brought us back to the central question: Is this in the interest of the country? Is this in the interest of the country? Because, as we Senators know, we can get carried away. We believe in what we are doing, but we get invested in what we are doing. We get invested in our position. Sometimes, although we don't consciously do it, in my opinion, we get so wrapped up in winning our point that it takes somebody like Bud Nance to say--and I know he has said it to Jesse; he has said it to me--whoa, wait a minute, wait a minute. Hold up here.  He had that great ability, as the old saying goes, to see the forest for the trees. We get lost in the forest. We start numbering the trees. He could stand back. He would stand back and he would say, Look at the whole picture.  As I said, I will end where I began. I have a sense of envy that you, Senator Helms, had the relationship you had. My dad's expression is: At the end of your days, if you can count one person who you can call a true friend, you are a lucky man.  You are one of the luckiest men that I know, Senator. You have had a guy who everyone is honoring, honoring you.  Our profound sympathy and our prayers go out to his loving wife of 53 years. I don't know Mary, but I know of her. I have heard her name invoked a thousand times. To Bud's four children and his seven grandchildren, to use my grandpop's expression, I say: You got good blood. You got good blood. I am telling you, remember where you came from. This guy--your grandfather, your father--was the real thing. The real thing.  I yield the floor.  