 President, perhaps because of the title of his book, ``Too Funny to Be President,'' a lot of people will remember Morris Udall chiefly for his wit and his humor. And that, in and of itself, is not a bad way to remember Mo Udall. Because all of us need to remember that while what we do, and the issues we deal with, are serious matters, there is neither need nor reason to take ourselves too seriously. Morris Udall excelled in using humor to remind us of that.  But his quick wit and often self-deprecating humor never could mask his deeply-rooted commitment to public service, his love of the land and people of Arizona, and the seriousness with which he took his responsibilities to the Congress, to his state and its people, and to this nation.  Morris Udall was a legislator in the most proud tradition of the term. He understood that legislation is the process by which we recognize a problem or an injustice and, as a nation, undertake to rectify that wrong. He understood that legislation did not mean introducing a bill and putting out a press release; that legislation was not complete simply because we held a hearing to let everyone know that we were aware of the problem; or that simply because a bill was passed and signed into law our responsibilities were ended.  Mo Udall understood that until--at the instigation of the legislation we passed and under our oversight--someone from the United States government actually went out there and corrected the problem, ended the injustice, or righted the wrong, the legislative process was not complete and our job remained undone. And Mo Udall was always willing to stay the course until we had fully met our responsibilities.  He is probably most remembered for his environmental initiatives; for his belief that this land is the most sacred trust bestowed upon the American people--and that blessed as we are by vast natural beauty and resources, we have a moral responsibility to preserve and protect that trust and to make wise use of those resources.  Anyone who has ever seen the natural wonder that is the Arizona landscape understands at once the roots of Mo Udall's love for this land. Clearly he had a vision that generations yet unborn should grow up and enjoy nature's bounty and splendor just as he had. And my granddaughters--and their grandchildren--will have that opportunity in large part because of years of hard work by Mo Udall. They will have the opportunity to enjoy and appreciate America's natural wonders and resources not just in Arizona but across this land. And Morris Udall's family--including a son and a nephew who have followed him here to the Congress, as well as his brother Stewart who proceeded him to the House of Representatives and then moved on to become Secretary of the Interior and was a partner in many of Mo's accomplishments--can point to so much: acres and acres of natural beauty, clean water, and spectacular wildlife, and say, ``There, that is part of Morris Udall's legacy.''  But there is another aspect to Morris Udall's legacy that I hope will be remembered equally, and that is his understanding of both the role and the limits of politics. He was an enormously talented politician, winning re-election year after year through changing times and shifting constituencies, and building a national following through his work on issues whose scope reached far beyond the boundaries of his congressional district. And he understood that politics is important, because the political process is the way in which a democracy defines its priorities and allocates its resources.  But Morris Udall understood that politics has its limits as well. That whatever our internal debate, partisan politics must end at the water's edge and the nation's borders and that Americans will speak with one voice when it comes to dealing with the world, and ensuring our national interests. He also said that when it came to the people of Arizona, they had not elected Morris Udall to be a Democratic Congressman just as they had not elected Barry Goldwater to be a Republican Senator. They had elected an Arizona congressman and an Arizona senator to look out for their interests and the interests of their state. And whether Carl Hayden or Barry Goldwater or John Rhodes or Dennis DeConcini shared his party label or not, he joined with them to look out for the interests of the people of Arizona here in the Halls of Congress.  And there was somewhere else that Mo Udall believed politics had its limits, and that was off the House floor or the campaign trail, away from the harsh debate, where friendships can develop regardless or partisan political stripe or ideology. He could count among his friends liberals and conservatives, Democrats and Republicans; simply because of his decency, his character, his interest in so many things both within and outside the political arena, and yes, his humor.  And perhaps most of all--at least in terms of his relationships with those of us here in the Congress--because Morris Udall could look beyond all of our differences and see that which I believe all of us have in common: the desire to make life better for our children, our neighbors, our states, and out nation.  That, I hope, will be as much a lasting part of Morris Udall's legacy as the natural wonders that will be there for our grandchildren because Mo Udall recognized a need and saw it's resolution through.  