 President, it has taken a lot of tough choices here in Washington--and a lot of hard work and restructuring in the private economy--to put our country's budget into the black. For the first time in a generation, we have a balanced federal budget. And for the first time in our modern history, we can project substantial surpluses for the foreseeable future.  There were times I believed we would never see this day, Mr. President, but our official forecasts now call for as much as one trillion dollars in surplus over the next ten years. That's on top of the two trillion in Social Security surpluses that will build up over that same time, money that is already promised to future retirees.  I want to say something about whether we should count on those surpluses actually materializing, Mr. President, but first I want to talk about what most families I know would do if they woke up to the kind of windfall in their household budgets that we anticipate in our federal budget today.  Take your average family, Mr. President, with a mortgage, maybe paying for one or two children already in college, maybe another child with college still in his or her future. They have some debts, some worries about how to pay for a retirement that gets closer every year, some aspirations for their children that they may not be able to afford. Maybe Grandma and Grandad have moved in with them, bringing with them some health care problems that add to the family's expenses.  Let's assume that after years of spending more than they took in, our family finally turns the corner. Let's borrow a story from today's new high-tech economy and say that the stock they hold in their new start-up company has just jumped in value. They cannot be sure that the stock will stay that high next year, or the year after that, but they feel a whole lot richer than they did before.  Now let's picture the discussion around their kitchen table, with this new problem to discuss. I'm betting that most of the families I know in Delaware would make plans to pay down their past debts, the mortgage hanging over their heads, make provisions for their children's education, their parents' health needs, and their own retirement. Maybe, after they had taken care of those priorities, they would allow themselves to relax and enjoy a more affluent lifestyle.  Mr. President, I don't claim that this is a perfect analogy to the situation before us in the Senate. I certainly don't claim that for many hardworking Americans sensible tax relief is some kind of luxury. But I think it makes an important point, which is simply that most Americans would be a lot more cautious, and a lot more prudent, in using any anticipated surplus in their family budget.  Those are the priorities that I think should guide us in our deliberations today. We should take the opportunity given us with the expectation of future budget surpluses first to pay down the debt that has built up in a generation of deficit finance, then we should restore solvency to Social Security and Medicare, and then we should prevent further erosion in funding for national security, law enforcement, education, and the other basic functions of a space-age, high-technology, industrial economy.  I think we can do all that, Mr. President, and still provide tax relief to the millions of Americans whose hard work and sacrifice--through downsizing, restructuring, and all the rest--has been the real driving force behind the remarkable economy we enjoy today.  But as we all know, Mr. President, the forecasts on which our projected surpluses are based make a lot of assumptions. That's all well and good for making long-term economic projections. But it is not good enough, as far as I'm concerned, for making long term economic policy.  I ask my colleagues to listen to some of these assumptions, and to answer honestly if our country can really afford the nearly $800 billion tax cut before us today.  The surplus that is forecast assumes no major interruption in the economic growth we have enjoyed in what is now the longest economic expansion in our history. That unprecedented economic growth has kept revenues strong enough to meet and exceed our spending plans. But as Alan Greenspan has reminded us, it is not a question of if, but when, that growth will slow. Still, those who call for an $800 billion tax cut are basing policy on the false hope that inevitable day will never come.  Mr. President, the surplus that some of my colleagues want to use to pay for this tax cut also assumes that there will be no emergencies--no Bosnias, no Kosovos, no Iraqs, no hurricanes, no floods--that could increase spending, even though we regularly spend an average of $8 billion a year on such emergencies.  The surplus also assumes that we will continue deep cuts in national defense, in education, health care, law enforcement, in environmental protection. It assumes that we will continue to reduce spending beyond the current levels, levels that are already causing gridlock in our budget process this year. Right now, Mr. President, spending for the basic functions of government--as well as the number of people we pay to perform those functions, down more than 340,000 in the past seven years--are both at levels we have not seen since 1962.  We should recognize the hard work that achieved those low numbers, Mr. President. They are an important part of how we got to where we are today, with a balanced budget in hand, and surpluses in sight. As the private sector has become leaner and more efficient, the federal government has also moved in the same direction.  But we must also realize that national defense, the FBI, medical research, education, veterans' health care, air traffic control, water quality--all of those things we have learned to count on as citizens of the richest nation the world has ever known--combined now comprise just 6.5 percent of GDP. But the surpluses my colleagues expect to be there to pay for this tax cut depend on pushing that down to just 5 percent of GDP--a further cut of more than 20 percent.  But after years of defense cuts at the end of the Cold War, the Pentagon is asking for substantial increases to meet future threats. I agree with those who see the need for further investments in our nation's defense. If we actually increase defense spending to meet that request, we would have to cut the remaining functions of the federal government by almost forty percent.  Now, Mr. President, I hear a lot of calls for responsible budgeting these days, but I don't hear many people calling for cutting forty percent from our law enforcement, education, or health care programs. For example, cuts of those size would eliminate health care for 1,430,000 of our country's veterans. Cuts of that size would eliminate $6.0 billion from the research into cancer and other diseases at the National Institutes of Health. Cuts of that size would require the FBI to cut over 4,000 agents from its current force of 10,600.  That's what a $800 billion tax cut would require, Mr. President--either cuts of unacceptable size in basic services, or, just as bad, we would simply return to the destructive path of deficit spending.  Mr. President, one thing that ought to sober us up is what Alan Greenspan has been saying about delaying any tax cut until the surpluses actually materialize, until a downturn in the economy might justify the boost that would come from a tax cut. Twice he has come here to Congress in the past two weeks, to tell us that he continues to be concerned about our economy overheating, and that he is prepared to bump interest rates up again to prevent that from happening.  Every American with a mortgage should think long and hard about the trade off between a tax break now and the long term costs that an increase in interest rates would mean. The Treasury Department estimates that a household in the lower 60 percent of the population--10 percent above the middle and on down--would get just an average of $174 a year from the tax plan before us today. But a one percent increase in a 7 percent mortgage on a $250,000 house amounts to over $2,000 a year in additional payments. That is not a deal any informed American would take, Mr. President.  If Greenspan thinks the economy is already at risk of overheating, imagine his reaction if we throw an $800 billion tax cut into his calculations the next time he considers increasing interest rates.  Everybody here knows that low interest rates and low inflation have been the keys that have unlocked the potential of our economy. I can't think of anything more likely to throw both of those keys out the window than a return to unbalanced budgets.  That is why I will oppose a tax cut of the size before us here today. Not because Americans don't deserve tax relief--of course they do. But they also deserve our best judgement about how we manage the public finances of their country after so many years of deficit financing. And as far as I'm concerned, I'll take my guidance from the common sense of the average American family, and put first the priorities of debt reduction, Social Security and Medicare, funding national security and law enforcement, education and health care, and then, a more prudent, sensible tax cut.  