 McCain, and I had an amendment to attempt to preauthorize the use of ground forces. The Congress debated, as the Parliamentarian can tell us, in the context of the War Powers Act, having been triggered by a letter sent by the President to the Congress.  We have already spoken. We have already spoken as a Congress. We have made it clear to the President of the United States, unfortunately, in my view, that under the War Powers Act, we believe he should not at this moment be introducing ground forces because the McCain-Biden amendment was defeated, which was an affirmative attempt to give him authority in advance to use ground forces. So we have already debated this issue of ground forces in the context of the War Powers Act, which was one of the two documents cited by the Senator from Pennsylvania, the other being the U.S. Constitution. I argue we have done that.  Second, I point out that I can't imagine a modern-day President, in the face of an overwhelming or even majority congressional decision, saying you should not use force and having the political will or courage to go ahead and use it anyway. I do not think such a circumstance exists. If you think this President is likely to do that, then you have a view of his willingness to take on the Congress that exceeds that of almost anyone I know.  The idea that this President, in this context, having said so many times that he would not and does not want to use ground forces, would fly in the face of a majority of the Members of the Congress saying he should not do it without coming here, in what everyone would acknowledge would be a difficult political decision to make in any instance and difficult military decision to make, and then if, in fact, he is not immediately successful, I believe everyone in this Chamber would acknowledge that it would probably effectively bring this Presidency down. I just can't imagine that being the matter.  Let me conclude by saying, Professor Corwin is credited with having said that the Constitution merely issues an invitation to the President and the Senate does battle over who controls the foreign policy. Seldom will Presidents take action that is totally contrary to the expressed views of the Congress which risk American lives and clearly would result in American body bags coming home.  I wish he had a view different than the one I am asserting, because I think we need to have that option open and real. I am not sure it is. I am almost positive there is no reasonable prospect this President, or for that matter the last President, would have moved in the face of the Congress having already stated its views that it was not willing to give him that power in advance, which is another way of saying: Mr. President, if you want this power, come and ask us.  So I think it is unnecessary. I think it is redundant. I think it has already been spoken to as it relates to the War Powers Act. I think it is a well-intended, mistaken notion as to how we should be limiting this President's use of ground forces.  I thank the Senator from Michigan for yielding me that time.  