 President, the foreign operations appropriation bill is a crucial bill. It is integral to all of our assistance programs overseas. The bill's importance to American foreign policy cannot be over emphasized. This bill provides funding for development aid to poor countries, funds to combat terrorism and proliferation of nuclear weapons overseas, and monies for all of the multilateral financial institutions which lend to needy countries.  As I see it, the bill before the Senate has two major problems. First, the bill as a whole is significantly under-funded. The amount dedicated to our nation's foreign operations is almost $2 billion below the President's request for funding.  I understand that some of this is due to the caps placed on expenditures as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997; however, we in the Senate cannot hide behind that piece of legislation every time we want an excuse for why the administration's appropriations requests are under funded. I am not saying that this is not a legitimate reason for not granting the President's entire request, but $2 billion is an enormous shortfall.  In addition to inadequate funding overall, there are particular programs and foreign policy initiatives which are either funded at a level which is drastically reduced from the President's request, or which have not been funded at all.  Mr. President, the administration in its statement of policy with respect to this bill has clearly stated that ``A bill funded at this level would be grossly inadequate to maintain America's leadership around the world. It would inevitably require severe reductions from previously enacted levels for programs managed by the Departments of State and Treasury, the Agency for International Development and other agencies.''  The statement quite clearly states that if the significant funding and language problems in this bill as reported are not resolved that ``the President's senior advisors have no choice but to recommend that he veto the bill.''  I wish to speak to several very important aspects of this bill that must be addressed in conference. First, the bill fails to provide the $500 million requested by the President to support the Middle East Wye River Agreement.  Second, it fails to fund the administration's Expanded Threat Reduction Initiative, so important to our ability to reduce the proliferation threat and continue the elimination of weapons of mass destruction.  Third, this bill imposes new onerous conditions on U.S. funding for the 1994 Agreed Framework, the cornerstone of our North Korea policy.  I also have very strong concerns with respect to two provisions in the bill relating to Kosovo and our ongoing relationship with Russia.  Unfortunately, by withholding critical support for Jordan, Israel, and the Palestinian Authority, this bill would have us renege on the commitments that made the Wye River agreement possible. The leaders of Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, and Israel have taken great risks for peace. We pledged to stand with them as they took these risks.  In the months ahead, we will undoubtedly be called upon to play a lead role in the peace talks. But by refusing to fund one penny of the President's request for the Wye River agreement, this bill calls into question our commitment to Middle East peace just as there is renewed hope for accelerated progress.  Some may argue that the Middle East gets enough assistance as it is. Relative to other accounts that may be true, but the levels of assistance to the Middle East are a reflection of the strategic and moral issues at stake.  The funds requested by the administration are in keeping with our commitment to Israel's security. They will help wage battle in Palestinian areas against the greatest enemy of peace--namely, the poverty and despair that provides a fertile breeding ground for extremism. They will help bolster Jordan--a close ally whose peace with Israel should serve as a model for others in the region.  I am convinced that the sums requested by the administration to support peace pale in comparison to the costs we would incur if conflict and turmoil returned to the Middle East.  One of the most disturbing elements of this bill is its failure to fund the Expanded Threat Reduction Initiative that helps reduce the threat of weapons of mass destruction. Technically the cuts are to the larger budget lines for aid to the Newly Independent States and for Nonproliferation and related programs. But report language calls the funding of Expanded Threat Reduction Initiative programs ``ill advised,'' and they will bear the brunt of these cuts.  Weapons of mass destruction dwarf the other threats to our national security. If we fail to help Russian experts find nonmilitary employment, we may foster Iran's nuclear weapons, or Iraq's biological weapons, or Libyan missiles. Even a single use of such weapons against the United States, U.S. forces, or our allies would be a terrible tragedy--especially if we failed to prevent it.  The failure to fund the Expanded Threat Reduction Initiatives means no funds--not even the levels appropriated last year--for helping Russian biological weapons experts find new careers. This is a vital program that has enabled biological weapons experts to resist offers from Iran and other rogue states. We should be expanding this program, rather than cutting it.  The Threat Reduction cut means no funds for the International Science and Technology Centers in Russia and Ukraine that have helped over 24,000 former weapons scientists since 1994. The Science Center program has been very successful. It has been praised for its tight management, under board chairman Ron Lehman, a former official in Republican administrations whom we all know to be a true patriot. Science Center support for Russian scientists is exempt from Russian taxes. We should be expanding this program, too, rather than cutting it.  The Threat Reduction cut means no funds--not even last year's levels--for the Civilian Research and Development Foundation, which gives vital training to Russian former weapons scientists who are trying to form viable businesses. We tell Russian weapons experts to adapt to a market economy. But they will never achieve that, if we don't give them the training. And if they fail, they will be ripe for the plucking by rogue states who would buy their weapons expertise.  The Threat Reduction cut means no funds--not even last year's levels--to assist customs officials in Russia and the rest of the former Soviet Union. The customs officials whom we assist are our most reliable allies in stopping the flow of nuclear and weapons of mass destruction materials.  For example, it was customs officials in Azerbaijan who stopped a shipment of specialty steel to Iran that would have been used for missiles. This bill also contains only $5 million--out of $15 million requested--for world-wide assistance to customs services. This is the program that aids border control agencies in the Baltic states, where we have seen Russian nuclear smuggling efforts in the past. It makes no sense to provide only $5 million for this vital function.  These cuts even wipe out the border security assistance to Georgia that Senator McConnell instituted last year.  The Threat Reduction cut means no funds to assist in removing Russian troops from Moldova--a longstanding objective of the United States and of the Congress. Do we suddenly want the Russian troops to stay longer in a country that does not want them? Do we no longer care whether this exacerbates ethnic conflict in Moldova?  The Foreign Operations Subcommittee made these cuts without prejudice. But it makes no sense to let us guard our national security only by cutting important programs to support democracy, free media, and the rule of law in the former Soviet Union.  I am very pleased that the managers have accepted a sense of the Senate amendment I offered urging that the Threat Reduction funds be restored in conference to the level requested by the President.  I urge the managers of this bill to do their utmost to achieve this, and I wish them complete success in that important effort.  On the eve of South Korean President Kim Dae Jung's visit to Washington, and just as former Secretary of Defense Bill Perry is completing his comprehensive Korea policy review, this bill places the Agreed Framework in grave jeopardy.  The bill not only provides inadequate funding for heavy fuel oil deliveries to North Korea--deliveries the United States is obligated to arrange under the 1994 Agreed Framework--it also effectively prevents the appropriated funds from being expended by requiring the President to certify the uncertifiable with respect to North Korea's conduct.  Under existing law, the President must already certify that North Korea is in full compliance with the Agreed Framework and its confidential minute in order to expend monies appropriated for heavy fuel oil deliveries to the North. This a reasonable requirement. But if the North is fulfilling its side of the bargain, we should fulfill ours rather than dream up new requirements on the North.  Do we have other serious concerns about North Korea, in addition to its nuclear ambitions? Of course we do. But these other concerns--missile development and export, narcotics trafficking, armed provocations along the DMZ--cannot be addressed successfully if we abandon the Agreed Framework.  For all of its imperfections, the Agreed Framework has served our national interest well, reducing the risk of war and capping the North's ability to produce fissile material for nuclear bombs. Five years ago, North Korea was on the verge of withdrawing from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and acquiring the capacity to build dozens of nuclear weapons every year. Today, with the Agreed Framework intact, the North's nuclear facilities stand idle.  The spent fuel from its research reactor has been canned and placed under round-the-clock monitoring by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The Agreed Framework has also given us unprecedented access to North Korea, even to sensitive military sites, as demonstrated by the recent successful U.S. visit to the Kumchangni undergound facility.  These are not insignificant accomplishments, and we should think twice before we risk turning back the clock.  By underfunding the Korean Energy Development Organization and unilaterally imposing new obligations on North Korea, this bill could precipitate a crisis on the Peninsula and distance us from our key ally, South Korea.  In addition, I have two serious problems with sections of the bill relating to Kosovo. First, $20 million shall be available ``for training and equipping a Kosova security force.'' Mr. President, this language conveys the impression that we want to train something like a national guard or an army. In the real world, most people would see this as our training and equipping a KLA Army.  U.N. Security Council Resolution 1244 (1999), which gives international sanction to KFOR, is not specific about the future status of Kosovo. Any future Kosovo national guard or army presupposes an independent Kosovo.  Aside from that being counter to United States policy, it is completely irrelevant to this bill. For the duration of fiscal year 2000, security in Kosovo will be guaranteed by the heavily armed, NATO-led KFOR. There is absolutely no need for any kind of an indigenous ``security force'' other than a civilian police force.  The final legislation should make it crystal-clear that the appropriation will be used to train and equip a police force, not an army.  My second Kosovo-related objection concerns the requirement that the Secretary of State certify that the Russians have not established a ``separate zone of operational control'' and are ``fully integrated under NATO unified command and control arrangements.''  This requirement has been overtaken by events. The Military-Technical Agreement between NATO and Russia found a formula to include Russian peacekeepers in KFOR. This formula has been accepted by our government, by all other 18 NATO members, and by the United Nations.  I have no doubt that Secretary Albright could broadly construe words like ``operational control'' and ``fully integrated'' and thereby make the required certification.  But what would we get by retaining this language and forcing her to do so? I'll tell my colleagues. We would be gratuitously sticking our finger in the Russians' eye at the precise moment we are trying to involve them in KFOR and in the entire reconstruction effort in Kosovo.  To sanitize a phrase used by an esteemed former President of the United States, I would rather have the Russians inside our tent looking out, than outside our tent looking in.  I would like to remind my friend Senator McConnell that when the two of us recently appeared on the Sunday Fox Television News talk-show he said with regard to the Russians in Kosovo--and I quote; ``I don't know that we need to threaten foreign assistance.''  Apparently he has changed his mind. I agreed with Senator McConnell that day on television. I wish he had held to his position.  It is important that these problems be addressed in conference, and that a way be found to increase the overall funding levels.  At this time I will reluctantly vote to send this legislation to conference. However, I reserve the right to vote against it should these problems not be addressed in the final conference report.  