 President, I am pleased that today the Senate is voting on the nomination of our friend and former colleague Carol Moseley-Braun to be U.S. Ambassador to New Zealand, as well as Ambassador to Samoa.  I am confident that Senator Moseley-Braun will be an excellent ambassador. She has all the requisite skills--political savvy, personal charm, and street smarts--to represent the United States in the finest tradition of American diplomacy.  I would like to make a few comments about the remarks made yesterday by the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, the senior senator from North Carolina.  During yesterday's session, the chairman spoke on the floor about this nomination. While he essentially conceded that Senator Moseley-Braun will be confirmed by the Senate, he proceeded to make several arguments which I believe deserve a response.  First, the chairman stated that there had been a ``successful coverup'' of serious ethical wrongdoing. I believe such a loaded accusation should be supported by facts, yet the chairman offered not a shred of evidence that anyone has covered up anything.  On the contrary, during the consideration of the nomination, the Committee on Foreign Relations was provided with several thousand pages of documents requested by the Chairman, documents which were produced in a very short period of time. Included in these materials were several internal memoranda from the Department of Justice and the Internal Revenue Service; Committee staff members were even permitted to read the decision memos related to the IRS request to empanel a grand jury.  Second, the chairman suggested that Senator Moseley-Braun has ``been hiding behind Mr. Kgosie Matthews,'' her former fiance, who, the chairman charged, is now ``conveniently a missing man.'' Mr. Matthews, it should be emphasized, is Senator Moseley-Braun's former fiance, and it is ludicrous to suggest that she is somehow responsible for his whereabouts or actions.  Third, the chairman suggested that the request of the Internal Revenue Service for a grand jury to investigate the Senator was blocked by political appointees in the Justice Department, ``no doubt on instructions from the White House'' and that it was somehow odd that the request was blocked.  Here are the facts: in 1995 and 1996, the Chicago field office of the Internal Revenue Service sought authorization to empanel a grand jury to investigate allegations that Senator Moseley-Braun committed criminal violations of the tax code by converting campaign funds to personal use (which, if true, would be reportable personal income). The IRS request was based almost exclusively on media accounts and some FEC documents. When the first request was made in 1995, the Department of Justice urged the IRS to do more investigative work to corroborate the information that was alleged in the media accounts. Justice invited the IRS to resubmit the request.  The IRS resubmitted the request in early 1996; but it had not added any significant information to the request. In other words, it did not provide the corroborative information that the Justice Department had requested.  The decision to deny the request for authorization of the grand jury was made in the Tax Division, after consultation with senior officials in the Public Integrity Section.  Although it is not that common for grand jury requests to be refused, the Department of Justice is hardly a rubber stamp--for the IRS or anyone other agency. It is guided by the standard of the United States Attorneys' Manual, which requires that there be ``articulable facts supporting a reasonable belief that a tax crime is being or has been committed.'' (U.S. Attorneys' Manual, 6-4.211B). The committee staff was permitted to review, but not retain, the internal memos in the Tax Division rejecting the IRS request. From the trial attorney up to the Assistant Attorney General for the Tax Division--four levels of review--all agreed that there was not a sufficient predicate of information that justified opening a grand jury investigation. In short, there were not the ``articulable facts'' necessary for empaneling the grand jury.  There is no evidence--none--that this decision was influenced by political considerations or outside forces.  Last year, when the story became public that Senator Moseley-Braun had been investigated by the IRS--and that the requests for a grand jury had been denied--the Office of Professional Responsibility at the Department of Justice opened its own inquiry. They investigated not Sen. Moseley-Braun, butthe handling of the case within the Department of Justice. Their inquiry concluded that there was no improper political influence on the process. So, far from the ``Clinton White House blocking the grand jury,'' all the proper procedures were followed, and there is no evidence of White House intervention in the case. Equally important, the Office of Professional Responsibility review concluded that the decision on the merits was appropriate.  Next, the chairman suggested that the decision to reject the grand jury request was somehow tainted because the senior official at the Justice Department who made the decision, Loretta Argrett, ``was a Moseley-Braun supporter, who had made a modest contribution'' to Senator Moseley-Braun's campaign, ``who had a picture of Ms. Moseley-Braun on her office wall'' and that the Senator had ``even presided over Ms. Argrett's confirmation in 1993.''  Here are the facts: Ms. Argrett, the Assistant Attorney General for the Tax Division, was the senior official at Justice who approved the decision not to authorize the grand jury request. It is true that Ms. Argrett gave money to the Senator's campaign: the grand sum of $25. It is also true that the Senator chaired Ms. Argrett's hearing, a hearing at which several other nominees also testified. I chaired the Judiciary Committee at that time. I routinely asked other members of the Committee to chair nomination hearings, just as Senator Thomas chaired last week's hearing on Senator Moseley-Braun. Finally, it is also true that Ms. Argrett had a photograph of her and the Senator hanging in her office--a photo taken at that confirmation hearing.  All of these facts were disclosed to the Deputy Attorney General at the time, Jamie Gorelick, for a determination as to whether Ms. Argrett should be involved in the case. On June 2, 1995, Assistant Attorney General Argrett disclosed these facts to the Deputy Attorney General and concluded that, based on the minimal contact she had with the Senator, she believed she could act impartially in this case. Deputy Attorney General Gorelick --one of the most capable public officials I have known in my years in the Senate--approved Ms. Argrett's continued participation in the case.  Mr. President, I will not delay the Senate any further. The Committee did its job and gathered the available evidence. There is no evidence in the record that disqualifies Senator Moseley-Braun.  She will be an excellent ambassador, just as she was an excellent senator. We are lucky that she still wants to continue in public service. I urge my colleagues to vote to confirm Senator Carol Moseley-Braun.  