 President, I think we owe a debt of gratitude to our colleague from Oklahoma and our colleague from New Hampshire. They are among only a few who will bluntly state why they want out. They are straightforward. The Senator from Oklahoma says this is a way out of Kosovo, just like we should find a way out of Bosnia. They say we have no interest in Yugoslavia. We have no ability to do anything about it. And we have no right.  I find this absolutely fascinating. We talk about a sovereign nation being invaded by a horde of 19 democracies who are doing such an injustice to them.  Then I hear that one of the reasons we should not be involved is because Yugoslavia is a sovereign country. I cannot remember what their explanation was as to why we should not be involved in Bosnia, where Slobodan Milosevic was crossing the Drina River with these very forces that are cutting off the noses, ears and then cutting the throats of captured men in Kosovo, who are taking their women to the third floor of army barracks for the pleasure of the troops and picking what they believe to be the most attractive of the women who happen to be Moslems. These are the same fellows that crossed the Drina River and invaded another country. I heard the same arguments from you all about how we should not be involved there. So do not let anybody fool you, this is not about sovereignty.  The second point I would make is that we have reached the conclusion, straightforwardly, that Slobodan Milosevic's business is his business. What do we have to do with that? Let them work it out.  I never thought I would live to see the day when a European leader was herding masses of women and children onto boxcars and trains in the sight of all the world, shipping them off to another border, destroying, as they crossed the border, their licenses, taking their birth certificates, going intothe town halls and destroying the property records of those very people. And it is so convenient to say that is not our business.  Then I hear another argument. You know, we have commitments around the world. We will not be able to fight a two-front war. But what is the threat to America beyond the nuclear one? And that will not be deterred by American ground forces. I hear my friend from New Hampshire say: Let the Europeans take care of this. Have we not shed enough blood in Europe?  But we have to worry about Korea? Why not say let the Asians take care of Korea? There are more of them than us. We have shed enough blood in Asia.  Are we protecting the use of American force in Europe so we can use it in Korea?  If that is the logic, explain to me why the Japanese and the South Koreans cannot take care of themselves. I find this incredibly selective logic.  And, by the way, this so-called failure in Bosnia--what a fascinating notion. Nobody is being killed there now; the raping, the rape camps, the ethnic cleansing have stopped; people are actually living next door to one another again. There are 6,800 American forces there, and that is supposedly too high a price to pay without, thank God--as my mother would say, knock on wood--one American being killed? I am sure glad you guys were not around in 1955 and 1956 and 1957 to say: By the way, all those forces we have in Germany, they are sitting there occupying a country and protecting a country, but their mission must be a failure because if they left, there would be war.  