 President, I am always reluctant to disagree publicly with my friend from North Carolina, the chairman of the full committee, because we get along so well. We have a fundamental disagreement on this issue. But I am unaware of any hearings we have had in the Foreign Relations Committee on this treaty.  We have had hearings on the ABM Treaty. We have had hearings on the ABM Treaty. We have had hearings on the protocol to the ABM Treaty, and the demarcation issue. We have had hearings on the impact of theater missile defense. We have had those hearings. They all implicate the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. But we have had, to the best of my knowledge, no hearings on the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  I note for the Record one Senator's view. I think it is shared by many.  This is the single most significant issue facing the entire question of proliferation of nuclear weapons, and it holds the key for good or bad, depending on your perspective, on every other aspect of our strategic defenses.  So it is, to me, not reasonable. The chairman has been very straightforward with me--and I respect him for it--in the many urgings I have made to him to have hearings. He said to me: Joe, we will have hearings if the following things occur.  He lays it out. He said: We will have hearings if we first do ABM, if we first do the Kyoto treaty, if we first do other things. He has set priorities. He has been straightforward, honest, and up front about it for the last 2 years. This is the only thing he and I have had a real disagreement on.  But the idea that we have had hearings on this treaty is not true. I am not suggesting that the chairman is intentionally misleading the Senate. He may think in terms of since we have had hearings that implicate other aspects of our strategic defenses and our strategic offensive capability that we have done this, but we haven't.  The Government Affairs Committee, I thought, had some hearings on it relating particularly to the stockpilingissue and the testing of the stockpiling. And I think maybe even the Armed Services Committee may have had hearings on it.  But I want to get something straight. I am going to sound to the public like a typical Washingtonian Senator. The only outfit that has jurisdiction over this is the Foreign Relations Committee--the Foreign Relations Committee. That is one of our principal functions.  With all due respect to my colleagues, we haven't had hearings.  Let me say one word in conclusion.  I am willing and anxious to have an up-or-down vote on this because, as the majority leader said, if we don't vote, the treaty loses anyway. I would rather everybody be counted. I want everybody on the line. I want every Senator voting yes or no on this treaty so we all can put ourselves in line so that, if India and Pakistan end up--while we are pleading with them to ratify this treaty, while we are pleading with them not to deploy--if they end up deploying nuclear weapons, I am going to be on the floor reminding everybody what happened and the sequence of events. I will not be able to prove that is why they did it. But I can sure make a pretty strong case.  I want everybody coming up this next year--everybody from the Presidential candidates to all of our colleagues running for reelection--to be counted on this issue.  That is why I am willing--I am in the minority--to have the vote today. I am willing to go ahead. I am not the leader. But I will tell you, I think this is a critical issue. We have had no hearings.  It makes sense what my friend from North Carolina says--that we should have hearings, and we should do it in an orderly fashion. We should proceed this way. Apparently, we are not going to proceed this way; therefore, we will have to do it in a way in which the committee system was not designed to function. If that is the only way we can get a vote, fine.  I conclude by saying that I don't doubt for a second the intensity with which my friend from North Carolina believes this treaty is against the interests of the United States any more than he doubts for a second my deep-seated belief that it is in the ultimate interest of the United States.  But these are the issues over which people should win and lose. These are the big issues. These are the issues that impact upon the future of the United States and the world. This is the stuff we should be doing instead of niggling over whether or not you know somebody smoked marijuana or did something when they were 15. This is what this body is designed to do. This is our responsibility, and I am anxious to engage it.  If it is 10 hours, 2 hours, or 20 hours, the longer the better to inform the American public. Hearings would be illuminating.  But since that is probably not going to happen, I say to my friend from North Carolina that I am ready to go. I expect he and I will be going toe to toe on what is in the interest of America. I respect his view. I thank God for him. I love him. But he is dead wrong on this. But I still love him.  