  Mr. President, this bill has been a long time in coming. We have been debating this bill in the Judiciary Committee for some time. We have attempted to come up with a compromise that made sense. Later in the day--if not today, tomorrow--the distinguished chairman of the committee and I are going to offer an amendment that is essentially a substitute, but we will not probably offer it in the form of a substitute; it will be offered in the form of an amendment. At that time, I will speak to the distinctions of the bill before us and the provisions Senator Hatch and I will be amending.  Let me speak to the general proposition of juvenile crime in America.  I listened to my friend from Alabama and others who have spoken today, and I sometimes get confused. I get confused because the assertions that are made do not always comport with what the legislation says.  For example, there is a general assertion made, and a general consensus, that we should not be federalizing juvenile crimes; we federalize too much already, yet we do that in this bill in terms of attempts to deal with preemptive jurisdiction, imposing upon the States judgments about how and under what circumstances they should try adults, and children as adults, and so on.  The second thing that we do is we go through episodic periods in this body. I have been around long enough that I have been in more than one episode. I remember when I first came here, I say to my friend from Minnesota. We all kind of forget the consensus, the academic consensus, the criminal justice consensus, the political consensus we reached in the early 1970s. That was that we had horrible cases--and legions of them--where we put juveniles in adult prisons, we put juveniles in adult holding tanks, we put juveniles in circumstances where they were exposed to adult-convicted criminals.  There were legions of reports about their being raped, their being beaten, their being sodomized, their being dealt with in the most horrendous way. The Nation rose up in the late 1960s and early 1970s, led by the academics of this Nation, led by the criminologists, who said this has to stop, this has to stop.  I was here when Birch Bayh, the distinguished father of the Senator from Indiana, led the fight on the Judiciary Committee and the bipartisan consensus to change the rules. We ended up with things called sight and sound requirements. We ended up with things that dealt with recordkeeping. We ended up with changes in the law that dealt with the ability to try juveniles as adults and under what circumstances. And they worked. They worked. They worked very well, because you are not reading in our press about 13-year-old boys being sodomized in a jail, while they are held in a holding tank to be arraigned. You are not reading about that now.  For those of you who have not done this as long as I have, I suggest you go back and look at the Record and what we read about in the 1960s. It happened all the time. It does not happen anymore.  A little bit of power given to anybody is almost always abused. The bureaucrats got a little bit too much power, and over a long period of time we came up with some stupid rules, stupid applications of the sight and sound restrictions.  For example, if you in fact are in a rural community, in your State, I say to my friend from Minnesota, and you arrest a kid, a 16-year-old at 2 o'clock in the morning for a violent crime and there is no facility in town except one that has two adults in it, and the nearest juvenile facility is 4 hours away, we have been in some cases insisting--it is rare--that that kid be driven 4 hours all the way to that other facility when you have a one-cop town. It doesn't make sense. There should be accommodations made for 6 or 8 hours until the next shift comes on so you can work this out. Well, what we do is we make accommodations for that.  Let's not blow this out of proportion. I remind people, you are not reading in the press, as you did in the 1950s and 1960s and early 1970s, about juveniles being abused in adult prisons. In my own State, it doesn't take much. Let me remind everybody: You put a young kid, maybe even a status offender, not a violent criminal, in a cell next to somebody who is a hardened criminal. You lock the door. The hardened criminal starts telling the kid about what he is going to do to him and how he is going to enjoy doing it to him. The records are replete with jailers coming back and finding the kid hanging himself in a jail, committing suicide. They are not happening now. So let's not get trigger happy here, no pun intended, and decide that we are going to overcorrect.  Back in the bad old days, when I was chairman of this committee, a ranking member for about 18 years, we had scores of hearings. We brought everybody in. The cops who come in want to solve the problem--the example I gave in Minnesota or Vermont or Montana or Delaware. We can do that. But let us not go into this routine where somehow this sight-and-sound provision has taken on some bureaucratic hubris where what happens is that we have people going awry with power and preventing us from trying violent juvenile children or young adults and they are on the rampage in the countryside because of this stupid Federal rule. Not true. Not true.  Let's get some facts straight. Remember when I introduced the Biden crime bill back in 1984. It took 6 years to get it passed finally, the one with the 100,000 cops in it. I used to say all the time, Why can't we learn to walk and chew gum at the same time? When the crime bill, which everyone has stood up here and is giving great credit to for the significant reduction in violent crime among adults in particular, was written, I might point out, a number of people giving it credit here voted against it, thought it was a bad idea, for 2 years tried to amend it.  Well, there have been a couple altar calls. I welcome everybody to the party. What is that old expression: Success has 1,000 fathers; defeat, none. I am delighted there are so many strong supporters for the crime bill now. I am delighted. But let them remember why it worked.  We finally got liberals and conservatives to agree that they were both wrong and both right. I don't know how many times my colleagues had to listen to me on the floor during the 1980s and 1990s saying: Look, liberals have been harping on the following point: It is the society that makes these young criminals, and all we have to do is give them love and affection. All we have to do is intervene with the right programs. All we have to do is deal with prevention. All we have to do is deal with treatment.  My conservative friends would come in and say: The answer is tougher penalties, hang them higher, put them in jail longer.  The facts were sitting before us just as they are now. Let's get some of the statistics straight, lest we be confused. I know facts sometimes bother us in this debate. Our friend Alan Simpson, the former Senator, as you know well, used to say--I loved him, still do--he used to stand on the floor and say--I will never get it as well as Alan said it and never get it quite as right, but I think this was how his phrase went--he would stand up, when someone was spouting off about something they didn't know, and say: Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but they are not entitled to their own facts.  Crime is the only issue on which everyone thinks they are entitled to their own facts. Everybody has an opinion on crime. Everybody has an answer, whether they know anything about it or not. I am not talking about my colleagues now. I mean the whole world. If you ask the public what caused the increase in the value of the dollar, they won't pretend to have an answer. If you ask them what will stop murder, they have an answer. If you ask them why is there violent crime, they have an answer. It is one of the areas that affects us all, and we are entitled to our opinion. But let us look at some of the facts.  Since 1993 the national rate of juvenile crime is down. Juvenile arrests for murder and manslaughter have decreased almost 40 percent, from 1993 to 1997, the last time we have the numbers. Juvenile arrests for forcible rape are down almost a quarter, 22.8 percent. Juvenile violent crime arrests are down by 4 percent from 1996, from the previous year. There was no decline in adult crime then.  Now, let's look at what we are talking about--again, the facts: There are basically three categories of kids. When I introduced the Biden crime bill for adults years ago, which became the crime law, I used to stand on the floor and say there are basically three types of criminals we have to deal with, and we need different solutions for each category. If I am not mistaken, I am the first one to write a report that about 6 percent, only 6 percent of the violent criminals in America back in the 1980s and 1990s, and even now, committed over 60 percent of all the violent crimes in America. If you went out and you could gather up all 6 percent of the career criminals, gather them all up, put them in jail and throw the key away, violent crime would drop by over half. That is No. 1. So we need a specific program for career criminals. The Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, had a career criminal bill that became law, a gigantic help.  The second category is people who have committed a violent offense but are not career criminals. The third category is people who had crimes of property and status offender crimes, victimless crimes.  They all required different solutions. So that is why in the Biden crime bill we did three things: We took about $10 billion and hired more cops, about $10 billion and built more prisons, and about $10 billion to deal with drug treatment, prevention, and other programs. Guess what. It works.  The conservatives were right, that you have to get tougher, but with one segment. The liberals were right, you have to pay more attention to what brings people into the crime stream, for one section. One size doesn't fit all. So we finally got it right, and crime has dropped dramatically.  Now guess what. For juvenile crime, we have decided we are going to reinvent the wheel.  What is the formula here? The formula is simple. It is simple but hard. G.K. Chesterton once said about Christianity: It is not that Christianity has been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and left untried.  Well, it is not that this is so complicated, but boy is it political.  In all of America, in that first category of kids, career criminals for adults, there are 115,000 kids who were arrested for murder or arrested for a violent crime; 2,000 of the 115,000 were arrested for murder; 113,000 were arrested for violent crime. They are clearly in one category. They are the bad actors. Everybody wonders why they have all these floppy clothes. Walk through the train station down here, walk in any city. Those floppy clothes allow you to conceal a gun. Guess what. These kids are bad. They are bad seeds.  I want to tell you something that the liberals do not like hearing said: Some of these 16-year-olds are beyond redemption. They are beyond redemption for all practical purposes. And if and when they are redeemed, we don't know why they were. They may have seen the Lord in a blinding light. They may have come to their senses. But when it occurs, we don't know why. And it doesn't occur that often.  But think about it, all the children in America we are talking about--115,000.  There is a second category.  There are 685,000 kids who are arrested for nonviolent property crimes ranging from stealing your car to mutilating your property, or, as we say in my section of the country, ``turfing your lawn.'' Nonviolent property crimes, 685,000. They require a different solution.  Mr. President, locking them up in juvenile detention facilities as they are only getting into the crime stream usually only makes them better criminals. That is where the graduated offenses come in.  If I am not mistaken, I think I am the first guy who had James Q. Wilson testifying before a committee up here. Everybody now talks about the ``broken window theory.'' Most don't understand it. It is a simple proposition. It is not complicated. If, in fact, you have a sanction the first time a young person is brought before the courts, no matter how small the sanction is, it has a greater impact than waiting three or four times and throwing the book at them. It is not rocket science. It is not a big deal. It is pretty easy to figure out.  Then there is a third category of kids. There are at least a few million of them. They are in the at-risk category. Biden, what is that fancy term, ``at-risk?''  From 8 to 5, walk into any schoolyard in America. Take two or three teachers. Say to them: Point out the kids out there who are the ones on the edge and haven't done anything wrong, but the ones you are most worried about. They can identify the at-risk kids for you.  Again, a second time using the phrase ``not rocket science.'' They can identify them for us. We have civil liberties and civil rights that do not allow that to occur, and shouldn't. But, as Barry Goldwater used to say, ``In your heart you know I am right.'' You know that we know that you can identify them.  What are we going to do about those kids? Are we going to build jails for them? Are we not going to take the time and effort to use prevention programs that work?  That is a third category.  I wrote a report a couple of years ago referring to the ``baby boomlettes,'' pointing out that the largest cadre of young people since the baby boom is about to reach their crime-committing years--39 million kids under the age of 10.  If not one single thing happens in terms of the crime rates going up with juveniles, every single category of crime will increase significantly--every one of them--because, guess what. There is just a heck of a lot more kids.  If we do ``as well as we have been doing,'' and there is not a one one-hundredth of 1 percent increase in crime among juveniles that occurs, we are going to have several thousand more murders; we are going to have a 20-percent increase in the juvenile murders by the year 2005, and the overall murder rate will go up 5 percent. Violent crime will increase by the same percentage if we do not allow one single percentage increase, because there are so many kids coming.  Mr. President, the interesting thing about crime--only a few things we know perhaps even with certainty--is that if we have a cop on this corner and no cop on that corner, and there is a crime going to be committed, it will be committed on the corner where there is no cop. That is one thing we know. Another thing we know is that violent crime decreases when you get older.  Do you know why? It is harder to jump that chain-link fence. It is a little harder. It is harder to jump that chain-link fence. That is why it decreases.  You don't need a degree in criminology to figure this stuff out.  So why do we keep trying to reinvent the wheel?  I remember when I introduced the first crime bill; there was a New York Times editorial saying: But we have tried this before.  More cops, we never tried that before. For the previous 20 years, the top 20 cities in America had less than a 1-percent increase in the total number of police on their forces, yet their population increased by about 18 percent. We used to have three cops for every one violent crime committed in America. We have gotten to the point where we have one cop for every three violent crimes.  So we did it. We hired more cops. And it is working.  The same principles work with regard to juveniles.  Look, a couple of my friends said: You know what we ought to really do is, this Clinton administration ought to get in gear. Get in gear? This Clinton administration has done better than any administration in history in reducing crime.  By the way, that ``truth in sentencing,'' I am the guy that wrote that law. It is called ``The Federal Sentencing Commission.''  I might add that a lot of people who are speaking about it now were against it then. As a matter of fact, a colleague who used to be on the floor, Mac Mathias, called the Biden law ``the same-time-for-the-same-crime law.''  So what are we doing now? We are changing the game. This administration that came along and supported ``truth in sentencing'' is the administration that pushed community policing; is the administration that has targeted the most violent criminals; is the administration that has provided more money and effort from the Federal level for fighting crime than any in the history of the United States of America, and has succeeded. Let's get off this poppycock about whether or not this is a Democrat or Republican deal. The hope was that once we passed the Violent Crime Control Act of 1994--by the way, it is not coincidental. If you notice when all the charts go up, violent crime starts to drop in 1993. Guess what. That is when we introduced the bill, and it passed in early 1994.  Mr. President, juvenile justice requires our attention. It requires us to be honest with one another and honest with the American people.  There are three categories of kids we have to focus on. The 115,000, 2,000 of whom have been charged with murder, but 115,000 who are the violent offenders, we should be building prisons for them. We should put them in juvenile facilities. And we should treat them in some cases as adults.  I might add, all my States rights guys, guess what. Most States have a surplus.  I love these Governors. They come and tell us about how to run the Federal Government. And then they come to us and tell us if we want to deal with building a juvenile facility, we had better send Federal money. But it is a local issue, it is a local problem, and it is a local crime. Local law enforcement does it, but you send the money, Federal Government, to build the prisons.  They can build the prisons. There is money in here to allow help for that. But they should get responsible, I would respectfully suggest, in the State legislature in Dover, DE; in Springfield, IL; and every other capital in America to acknowledge what their responsibility is.  There is a second category, Mr. President--those that committed crimes against property.  We can save these kids. We can intervene. A lot of them we can keep from being violent criminals. But it doesn't mean building more jails for them.  The third category of 3 million-plus is those at-risk kids. We don't have to reinvent the wheel. Just look at what we have done.  Mr. President, at some point I will be joining my friend, the Senator from Utah, the chairman of the committee, to introduce an amendment in the nature of a substitute that makes the necessary corrections in a bill which has already made some progress.  My colleagues have heard me say this over and over again for the last 15 years. A trial lawyer with whom I used to practice used to always say to a jury: Keep your eye on the ball. The prosecution will tell you this, this, this, and this about the defendant. The question is, Did the defendant pull the trigger? Keep your eye on the ball.  I respectfully suggest that in this debate we keep our eye on the ball. What are we going to do about the 115,000 very violent kids in America? What are we going to do about the 680,000 in the crime stream who have not committed crimes of violence but are on the edge? What are we going to do about the 3 million kids who are on the edge, who are ready to slip into the crime stream?  The problem that still exists beyond what we have to deal with here and beyond guns and beyond prevention--and the Hatch-Biden substitute puts in more money for prevention--what we really have to do is deal with the drug problem in America.  I said before that we learned in the early 1980s that if we could take the 6 percent of career criminals in America and remove them from the scene by an act of God, violent crime in America would drop over 50 percent. Nobody disputes that now. I respectfully suggest, if any Member can have one wish that would fundamentally alter youth violence in America, ask God to come down and take alcohol and drug abuse out of the system. If we did that one thing and nothing else, we would affect the course of juvenile justice in America more than anything we can do.  Obviously, we can't do that. As I said years ago when I introduced the first bill, there are three things we have to do: One, deal with adult crime, particularly focusing on violence against women; two, we have to fix the juvenile justice system; and three, we have to deal with the drug problem. They are the three pieces. It hasn't changed.  I urge my colleagues, as the debate gets underway, keep your eye on the ball. Don't try to reinvent the wheel. Look at what is working. Stick with what is working. I am not suggesting we don't try new ideas, but stick with what is working.  By the way, I point out that the very people who now are all for juvenile Brady--what was in the original juvenile justice bill I introduced--are the very people who were against the Brady bill before. So there is progress. There is hope.  Brady made a difference.  