 President, I rise to comment briefly on why I will vote against the motion to proceed to S. 1692, the Partial-Birth Abortion bill. I support this legislation. I have voted for passage of this bill in the past, and I have twice voted to override the President's veto. I think we should take up this bill in the Senate, and I am quite certain we will get to it. Yesterday, in fact, we offered to move to this bill by unanimous agreement and, had that been accepted, we would be on it now.  The problem with this procedural tactic of having a recorded vote on this motion is that it ends the Senate's work on campaign finance reform, and we are not finished with that bill yet. We started debating campaign finance reform last week, and we have a chance to make some genuine improvements in American politics. We should finish what we have started.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I intend to vote against the motion to proceed to S. 1692, legislation to ban partial birth abortions.  This is an unnecessary parliamentary maneuver designed solely to displace S. 1593, the campaign finance reform bill, from the floor. A unanimous-consent agreement was offered, with no known opposition, to temporarily lay aside the campaign finance reform bill so that the Senate could consider the partial birth abortion ban legislation. Under that procedure, when the Senate finishes its work on the latter bill, we could then return to complete the debate on campaign finance reform. But if this procedural vote is successful, the McCain-Feingold bill will be returned to the Senate calendar, effectively cutting off the debate, well short of the time promised to consider this important issue.  I want to make very clear, my strong support for this bill and my unequivocal and long-standing opposition to the practice of partial birth abortion. I am pro-life and oppose abortion except in the case of rape or incest, or when the life of the mother is in danger. Partial birth abortion is a repugnant procedure and an abomination, which should be outlawed.  I am a cosponsor of this legislation, as I was in previous years. I have voted five times over the past 5 years to ban this repugnant and unnecessary procedure, including two votes to overturn the President's veto of this legislation. When the Senate votes on S. 1692, I will again vote for the ban.  As I stated yesterday, I will not give up the fight to enact meaningful reform of our campaign finance system. If the McCain-Feingold bill is pulled from the floor today, I will return to the Senate floor with amendments on campaign reform this year, next year, and as long as it takes.  