 President, I and my colleagues--Senators Roth, Kennedy, Durbin, Kerry, Hollings, Landrieu, Helms, Stevens, Specter, Thurmond, Domenici, Kyl, Murkowski, Cochran, Craig, Enzi, Abraham, Smith, Collins, Voinovich, and DeWine--are introducing a resolution that seeks long overdue justice for the two commanders at Pearl Harbor fifty-eight years ago, Admiral Husband Kimmel and General Walter Short.  Some will ask, ``why now?'' After all, fifty-eight years have passed. I believe it is more important than ever to take this action now. It is not just the simple truth--that there can be no statute of limitations for restoring honor and dignity to men who spent their lives dedicated to serving America and yet, were unfairly treated. It is also because we have brave men and women in the military today who are fighting one of the most professional and precise battles ever seen against a brutal, genocidal dictator in Kosovo. They know that their cause is just. What too many people do not know is the sacrifice and dedication it takes to be able to do their jobs.  The tremendous ability of our pilots, our maintainers, and our support crews is a direct result of their commitment to professional excellence and service and their willingness to defend the values Americans cherish. We owe it to them to defend those same values here at home. When it comes to serving truth and justice, the time must always be ``now.'' When it comes to treating people with fairness and honoring their service, the time must always be ``now.''  This is the second year we are bringing a resolution before our colleagues. We cannot give up because it is important that the Senate understand and act to end the injustice done to these fine officers. Ultimately, it is the President who must take action, but it is important that we send the message that the historical truth matters. At Pearl Harbor, these two officers should not bear all of the blame. If they continue to do so, both our nation and our military lose.  Today's military is a testament to our ability to confront and learn from our mistakes, but that can only happen if the record is accurate. Admiral Kimmel and General Short served with selfless dedication and honor. They were in command during a devastating surprise attack. They deserved to be treated as officers who used their best judgement to follow the orders they were given and to meet their command responsibilities. Instead, they were made singular scapegoats for that tragedy for fifty-eight years, without full consideration of the circumstances and options available to them.  I hope that most of my colleagues will read this resolution. The majority of the text details the historic case on behalf of Admiral Kimmel and General Short and expresses Congress's opinion that both officers performed their duty competently. Most importantly, it requests that the President submit the names of Kimmel and Short to the Senate for posthumous advancement on the retirement lists to their highest held wartime rank.  This action would not require any form of compensation. Instead, it would acknowledge, once and for all, that these two officers were not treated fairly by the U.S. government and it would uphold the military tradition that responsible officers take the blame for their failures, not for the failures of others.  Before I go into a more detailed review of the historical case, I also want my colleagues to know that this resolution has the support of various veterans groups, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) and the Pearl Harbor Survivors Association. The Delaware VFW passed a resolution in support last June and the national VFW passed a resolution in support in last September.  Now, let me review what happened. First, I want to discuss the treatment of Kimmel and Short. Like most Americans, Admiral Kimmel and General Short requested a fair and open hearing of their case, a court martial. They were denied their request. After lifetimes of honorable service to this nation and the defense of its values, they were denied the most basic form of justice--a hearing by their peers.  Here are some of the historic facts. On December 18, 1941, a mere 11 days after Pearl Harbor, the Roberts Commission was formed to determine whether derelictions of duty or errors of judgement by Kimmel and Short contributed to the success of the Japanese attack. This commission concluded that both commanders had been derelict in their duty and the President ordered the immediate public release of these findings. The Roberts Commission was the only investigative body that found these two officers derelict in their duty.  Several facts about the Roberts Commission force us to question its conclusions.  First, Kimmel and Short were denied the right to counsel and were not allowed to be present when witnesses were questioned. They were then explicitly told that the Commission was a fact-finding body and would not be passing judgement on their performance. When the findings accusing them of a serious offense were released, they immediately requested a court-martial. That request was refused. It is difficult to imagine a fair review of the evidence given the rules of procedure followed by the Commission.  It is also important to note the timing here. It would be difficult to provide a fair hearing in the charged atmosphere immediately following America's entry into the war in the Pacific. In fact, Kimmel and Short were the objects of public vilification. The Commission was not immune to this pressure. One Commission member, for example, Admiral Standley, expressed strong reservations about the Commission's findings, later characterizing them as a ``travesty of justice''. He did sign the Report, however, because of concerns that doing otherwise might adversely affect the war effort. As you will see, the war effort played an important role in how Kimmel and Short were treated.  In 1944, an Army Board investigated General Short's actions at Pearl Harbor. The conclusions of that investigation placed blame of General Marshall, the Chief of Staff of the Army at the time of Pearl Harbor and in 1944. This report was sequestered and kept secret from the public on the groups that it would be detrimental to the war effort.  That same year, a Naval Court of Inquiry investigated Admiral Kimmel's actions at Pearl Harbor. The Naval Court's conclusions were divided into two sections in order to protect information indicating that America had the ability to decode and intercept Japanese messages. The first and longer, section therefore, was classified ``top secret''.  The second section, was written to be unclassified and completely exonerated Admiral Kimmel and recognized the Admiral Stark bore some of the blame for Pearl Harbor because of his failure to provide Kimmel with critical information available in Washington. Then Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal instructed the Court that it had to classify both sections ``secret'' and not release any findings to the public.  The historic record is not flattering to our government. A hastily convened and procedurally flawed Commission released condemning findings to the public, while two thorough military reviews which had opposite conclusions were kept secret.  I hope that I have made my point that these officers were not treated fairly and that there is good reason to question where the blame for Pearl Harbor should lie.  The whole story was re-evaluated in 1995 at the request of Senator Thurmond by Under Secretary for Defense Edwin Dorn. In his report, Dorn concluded that responsibility for the disaster at Pearl Harbor should be broadly shared. I agree.  Where Dorn's conclusions differ from mine and my co-sponsors, is that he also found that he also found that ``the official treatment of Admiral Kimmel and General Short was substantively temperate and procedurally proper.'' I disagree.  These officers were publicly vilified and never given a chance to clear their names. If we lived in a closed society, fearful of the truth, then there would be no need for the President to take any action today. But we don't. We live in an open society. Eventually, we are able to declassify documents and evaluate our past based on at least a good portion of the whole story. I believe sincerely that one of our greatest strengths as a nation comes from our ability to honor truth and the lessons of our past.  Like many, I accept that there was a real need to protect our intelligence capabilities during the war. What I can not accept, however, is that there is a reason for continuing to deny the culpability of others in Washington at the expense of these two office's reputations fifty-seven years later. Continuing to falsely scapegoat two dedicated and competent officers dishonors the military tradition of taking responsibility for failure. The message that is sent is a travesty to American tradition and honor--that the truth will be suppressed to protect some responsible parties and distorted to sacrifice others.  This is not to say that the sponsors of this resolution want to place blame. We are not seeking to place blame in a new quarter. This is not a witch-hunt aimed at those superior officers who were advanced in rank and continued to serve, despite being implicated in the losses at Pearl Harbor. I think the historic record has become quite clear that blame should be shared.  The unfortunate reality is that Admiral Kimmel and General Short were blamed entirely and forced into early retirement.  After the war, in 1947, they were singled out as the only eligible officers from World War II not advanced to their highest held wartime ranks on the retirement lists, under the Officer Personnel Act of 1947. By failing to advance them, the government and the Departments of the Navy and Army perpetuate the myth that these two officers bear a unique and disproportionate part of the blame.  The government that denied these officers a fair hearing and suppressed findings favorable to their case while releasing hostile information owes them an official apology. That's what this resolution calls for.  The last point that I want to make deals with the military situation at Pearl Harbor. It is legitimate to ask whether Admiral Kimmel and General Short, as commanding officers, properly deployed their forces. I think reasonable people may disagree on this point.  I have been struck by the number of qualified individuals who believe the commanders properly deployed their assets based on the intelligence available to them. I am including this partial list of flag officers into the Record following my statement for my colleagues to review. Among those listed is Vice Admiral Richardson, a distinguished naval commander, who wrote an entire report refuting the conclusions of the Dorn Report. My colleagues will also see the names of four Chiefs of Naval Operations and the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Thomas Moorer. It was Admiral Moorer who observed that, ``If Nelson and Napoleon had been in command at Pearl Harbor, the results would have been the same.''  In conclusion, Mr. President, I believe this case is unique and demands our attention. As we honor those who served in World War II and who serve today in Kosovo, we must also honor the ideals for which they fought. High among those American ideals is upholding truth and justice. Those ideals give us the strength to admit and, where possible, correct our errors.  I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and move one step closer to justice for Admiral Kimmel and General Short.  