 The Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty had 8 days; SALT I, 8 days of Foreign Relations Committee hearings, 18 days on the floor of the Senate; the INF Treaty in 1988, 23 days of Foreign Relations Committee hearings, 9 days on the Senate floor; Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty, 1991, 5 days of Foreign Relations Committee hearings, 2 days on the floor; START I, 19 days of hearings in the Foreign Relations Committee, 5 days on the floor; START II, 1996, 8 days in the committee, 3 days on the floor; chemical weapons, 14 days in committee, 3 days on the floor; NATO enlargement, 7 days in committee, 8 days on the floor; Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, 1 day of hearings after we are discharged. No committee report.  Look on your desks, I say to my colleagues. Find the report. Find me a report that makes any recommendation. Come on. Come on, this is a stacked deck. The idea that we are going to vote on a treaty that everyone acknowledges, opponents and proponents, is maybe the single most significant treaty we will vote on to determine the direction of this country in terms of strategic rationale, and we do not even have a committee report?  If you want to go down the list, the number of months between the time the treaty was sent to us and the time it got to the floor, we are talking over 2 years. In the case of ABM, 2 months; INF, 4 months; CFE, 8 months; START I, 13; START II, 32; chemical weapons, 37. We keep going higher and higher. Look at who is in charge when we have these.  But, my Lord, the idea we have had hearings, we have had sufficient time to consider it, don't get me wrong; in each of these other treaties, an incredible, valuable contribution and report was filed by the Armed Services Committee and an incredible, valuable position was taken and a report by the Intelligence Committee. They were absolutely necessary and needed, neither of which are available now. That is why Senators are arguing about the determinations.  For example, I just spoke to General Powell, as my friend from Virginia spoke to General Powell. I wrote down exactly what he said. I just got off the phone with him.  He said the most important reason why he wants this delay is so it does not get defeated. That is an important little point.  The second point he said was: I still support this treaty.  The third point was: But in light of the way this is being taken up and the confusion raised, it is better for the country and everybody to have all this sorted out in an orderly fashion so we all know what we are talking about.  He knows what he is talking about. He still supports the treaty, but he made a central point, the point Senator Hagel made, and that was: We have not had sufficient debate. Therefore, we can have the kinds of comments made, honest disagreements, my friends from Virginia can say: This is not verifiable. And the Senator from Delaware says: It is verifiable.  For example, my friend from the Intelligence Committee, the distinguished Senator from Arizona, quoted in his opening statement the Washington Times with regard to verifiability. I will discuss this in detail later. He is on the Intelligence Committee. He knows nobody in the intelligence community came in and said they have evidence that Russia has, in fact, detonated a nuclear weapon. He knows that.  