 President, in the midst of the best economy our country has ever seen, while we have understandably focused on the good news, there has been another story that has only recently begun to get the attention it deserves.  Thanks to the leadership of Senator Rockefeller, Senator Byrd, and many of our other colleagues from our country's leading steel producing states, the story of American steel workers has been heard. Like so many other workers in America's core manufacturing industries, steel workers have been struggling with restructuring and modernization that has made them among the most productive in the world. But on top of the sacrifices--in jobs and job security, in pay, in benefits--they have been hit by the one-two punch of the international financial crisis over the last couple of years.  On top of the lost sales overseas, where once booming developing nations are no longer able to purchase steel from the U.S., our steel workers have watched as those same developing countries have dumped their own steel products here, often below the cost of production, literally stealing American markets out from under them. So, with lost sales at home and abroad, steel workers are losing their jobs as our mills cut production and even shut down.  For the tens of thousands of American workers whose jobs have been lost, whose families have been strained to the breaking point, whose communities have crumbled, this is not some abstract economic question about free trade and open markets. The question is what shall we do to help the people who, despite their hard work and sacrifice, are paying the ultimate price as the rest of us enjoy the many benefits of the new economy.  The question before us today, is how to deal with the kind of economic disruption that has come from a global economy with wide-open capital markets and instantaneous communication. The current crisis in our domestic steel industry is, at its roots, a crisis of overcapacity in the steel industry on a global scale. Too many developing countries built too many new steel mills, with less concern about the long term economic sense and more interest in the kickbacks and quick bucks to be made in the short run.  I believe that we have been right to respond to the recent international financial crisis by providing the IMF and the World Bank and other entities with the funds they need to put the international financial system back on its feet. But one unfortunate aspect of that process, in my mind, is that too many investors who were throwing money at ill-prepared and even corrupt developing economies will benefit from our attempts to prevent a collapse in the world economy.  Today, instead of high-rolling international investors, we are asked to consider help for those American workers and their families who are victims of that international economic crisis, for which they are completely blameless. We will be adding insult to that injury if we fail to act to help them.  But while I will vote for the motion to proceed to this bill, Mr. President, I could not vote for passage in its current form.  We already have many anti-dumping actions underway, a time-consuming and sometimes frustrating process to be sure, but a process designed to guarantee that we hit what we are shooting at--it requires evidence of who is dumping what kind of steel, and what the real economic damage is. We should continue to pursue those actions as quickly and as relentlessly as the law allows.  Just last week, the Senate passed legislation, brought before us by Senator Byrd, that provides $1 billion for the steel industry in loan guarantees to help them deal with the current crisis.  These actions are significant steps in the right direction, and they don't have the unintended consequences that the bill before us brings with it. Quotas on imported steel violate one of our oldest and most basic commitments to the international trading system we have worked so long to create. That system, for the most part, has been a key part of our current economic success.  If we impose unilateral quotas on other countries' steel exports--without showing any specific illegal practices or any direct economic damages--we will seriously weaken our leadership in international trade when we are fighting so hard to open other markets to our products. Chief among those products are our agricultural products, Mr. President, but virtually all of our exports are exposed to a trade war with other countries if we respond to the very real problems of our domestic steel industry by unilaterally imposing quotas.  That does not mean we cannot and should not do more to protect American steel mills and steel workers from the unfair and illegal trade practices of other countries. But I hope if we can proceed to a real debate on this issue that we can formulate a more effective way to right the wrong that has been done to them.  