 President, I yield myself 10 minutes.  I respect the Senator from Maine very much, as I do the Senator from Indiana, who put out the five-page statement on why he opposes the treaty. I want to speak to some of the things that some Senators have spoken to.  First of all, the Senator from Maine says we have to deal with the facts as we know them. I hope she will keep that in mind when she votes on missile defense. I hope the rest of my colleagues, who say we have to deal with the facts as we know them, keep that in mind when we vote on missile defense.  I find it fascinating some of the very people who push the missile defense and the abandonment of the ABM Treaty--where we have only had basically one successful test, which is a far cry from what we are going to need to be able to develop a missile defense initiative--are the same ones saying: But we can't go ahead with this treaty because we don't know everything.  I respectfully suggest the ability of the scientific community to shoot multiple nuclear weapons out of the sky in the stratosphere and make sure not a single one gets through is an even more daunting and challenging program than the Stockpile Stewardship Program. But they seem to have no problem to be ready to abandon the ABM Treaty, which has been the cornerstone, since Nixon was President, for our arms control regime. But they have no faith. I find that fascinating, No. 1.  No. 2, I also find it very fascinating that everybody keeps talking about nonverifiability. I have heard more than once this morning--not from the Senator from Maine but from others --the dictum of President Ronald Reagan: Trust, but verify. That is constantly brought up: There is a reason why we can't be for this treaty. We can't verify it.  They say this treaty is not perfectly verifiable. That is true. But it is a red herring. This body has never demanded perfect verification.  Consider Ronald Reagan's treaty, the INF Treaty, that eliminated land-based intermediate-range missiles. That treaty was signed by President Reagan, the same man who coined the phrase: Trust, but verify.  Was the INF Treaty verifiable? Give me a break. No; it was not verifiable. It was not.  Listen to what the Senate Intelligence Committee said in response to Ronald Reagan's assertion: Trust, but verify my INF Treaty. The Intelligence Committee said at the time:       Soviet compliance with some of the Treaty's provisions will      be difficult to monitor. This problem is exemplified by the      unresolved controversy between DIA [the Defense Intelligence      Agency] and other intelligence agencies over the number of      SS-20's in the Soviet inventory.       Ground-launched cruise missiles pose a particularly      difficult monitoring problem as they are interchangeable with      long-range Soviet sea-launched cruise missiles.  This the INF Treaty did not ban.       We are concerned that the Soviets could covertly extend the      range capability of a cruise missile, or covertly develop a      new ground-launched cruise missile which prohibited long-     range capability. . .       In an INF/START environment. . .the Soviet incentive to      cheat could increase because of a greater difficulty in      meeting targeting requirements.  Still, this Senate and my Republican colleagues--from Dick Lugar, whoquotes that he fought for the INF Treaty, and others, had no problem saying that was a verifiable treaty. The ability to hide these things in barns, to hide them in haystacks, was greater than the ability of someone to muffle a nuclear explosion.  But no, I did not hear anything over on that side. I did not hear anybody saying: No, that's not verifiable. I guess that was a Republican treaty. Maybe this is a Democrat's treaty. Maybe that is how they think about it.  But I find this absolutely fascinating. It really--if my staff gives me one more suggestion, I am going to kill them. It says: The INF was approved 93-5. I thought I kind of made that point clear.  But at any rate, let me point out what else the Intelligence Committee said about that INF Treaty. It said:       Since no verification and monitoring regime can be      absolutely perfect--  Let me read it again:       Since no verification and monitoring regime can be      absolutely perfect, a central focus for the Committee--  That is the Intelligence Committee--       has been to determine whether any possible infractions      would be of sufficient military significance to constitute a      threat to our national security interests. This calculus is      one which the Senate should bear in mind in its consideration      of the treaty.  The Senate Intelligence Committee was right in 1988, and their standard is right today, even though this is pushed forward by a Democratic President instead of a Republican President.  To impose this utterly unrealistic standard of verifiability on Bill Clinton's test ban treaty, when no such standard was imposed on Ronald Reagan's INF Treaty, may be an effective ``gotcha'' in politics, but it clearly does not look to the national interest of the United States.  No inspection--no inspection--by the way, for onsite inspections in the INF Treaty, unless it was on prearranged sites. By the way, those of my colleagues who point out that we have to get 30 or 50 votes, our negotiators are pretty smart. We have 30 to 50 votes based on categories.  Let me tell you how membership on that committee would be determined.  The Executive Council is the decisionmaking body of the Treaty Organization. Among other things, it authorizes on-site inspections.  There are 51 seats on the Council, divided geographically. Ten seats are allocated to parties from North America and Western Europe.  Of these, the treaty provides that ``at least one-third of the seats allocated to each geographical region shall be filled taking into account political and security interests, by States Parties in that region designated on the basis of the nuclear capabilities relevant to the Treaty. . . .  The chief negotiator, Stephen Ledogar, told the Foreign Relations Committee on Thursday that ``this is diplomatic language'' that assures that the United States gets a de facto permanent seat on the Council.  Moreover, he said that there was an agreement among the Europeans and us that we would always have a seat.  Makeup of the Council is: Africa, 10 seats; Eastern Europe, 7 seats; Latin America, 9 seats; Middle East/South Asia, 7 seats; N. America/W. Europe, 10 seats; East Asia/Pacific, 8 seats.  There are 2-year terms.  A quick review of the candidates for seats that we should expect, in almost all instances, to get all the votes of the West Europe/North America group. So we start with 10.  Aside from Yugoslavia, Russia, and one of two others, the Eastern Europe group comprises strong United States allies. So that's another 5-7 votes.  Similarily, many of the Latin American states are either: (1) strong allies or (2) strongly favor the test ban. So we should usually get most of those 9 votes.  That gets us very quickly to the low-mid-20s, in most instances--even being conservative and assuming that we don't get all the votes in the above 3 groups.  That leaves Africa, 10 seats; Middle East/South Asia group, 7 seats; and the East Asia, 8 seats. There is where our work, depending on the makeup of the Council at the particular time, could get a little harder.  But even there the rosters have U.S. allies, or proponents of non-proliferation.  It is hard to see how we will not get to 30 in most instances.  In truth, it is more likely that most U.S. inspection requests, based on our intelligence and the data from the International Monitoring System, will be easily approved.  It should also be noted that, unlike the U.N., Israel is a member of a regional group, and will automatically get a seat on the Council under a special rule that guarantees that one seat within each region be filled on a rotational basis.  We can get 30 votes. We can get 30 votes any time we want. The reason why is we set up the committees the way we did. The flip side of that is, it will be hard for them to get 30 votes because the fact is that our intelligence community is saying we do not want onsite inspections in the United States. I don't know what treaty these folks are reading.  Let me make a second point. Here is the one lately that really gets me: The Soviet Union is going to be able to develop very small tactical nuclear weapons that, in fact, will lead to a different strategy in terms of their conventional defense. Guess what. We should all be standing up on this floor going hooray, we did it, because I remember last time we debated this issue of strategic weapons. What were we saying?  I watched, by the way, with great interest Dr. Edward Teller last night. I watched a long documentary because I used to have to debate him around the country on SALT. He was wrong then; he is wrong now.  We used to argue that the real concern--I have been here for 27 years--was the Soviets seeking a first strike capability. Remember? The Soviets are seeking a first strike capability. And all of their actions were designed to do that. That is why they were building these new massive SS-18s with 10 nuclear warheads, independently targeted, et cetera, et cetera. Through the leadership of a Republican President, we have an agreement whereby they are going to dismantle those if we get the treaty, the START treaty, passed. So guess what we are worried about now. The exact opposite. We are worried now that they don't have a first strike capability, that they aren't seeking nuclear predominance, but they are acknowledging their conventional forces are so bad they need tactical nuclear defense on their territory.  As they say in my church, examine your conscience, folks. Take a look at what this is. We hear this thing, and the public says: Is it true, Joe, they really are developing a new tactical weapon? My response is, it probably is true. But guess what. They now have 10,000 tactical nuclear weapons.  I yield myself such time as I may consume.  They are worried now that they are going to be able to develop another smaller tactical nuclear weapon, as if this treaty has anything to do with that. Come on. Come on. What we should be doing is rejoicing in the fact that the whole emphasis in the Soviet program has shifted to a recognition that they have to defend their homeland--their judgment--and they do not have the conventional forces capable of doing that--their judgment--and so they are developing, allegedly, a very small tactical nuclear weapon--their judgment. Does that shift the strategic balance? Give me a break. Give me a break.  I find this one of the most fascinating debates in which I have ever been engaged. I don't know what we are talking about. When my friend from Kentucky stands up and says, I thought we decided against unilateral disarmament, me, too--an are-you-still-beating-your-wife kind of question. Who is talking about unilateral disarmament? Where is that anywhere in this treaty? Where does it say that? Where does it imply that? That is like my standing up and saying: I am very surprised my friends who oppose this treaty want to go to nuclear war; I am very surprised they are advocating nuclear war. That would be equally as unfounded and outrageous a statement as the assertion this treaty is unilateral disarmament.  I will repeat this time and again, and I will yield the floor in a moment. My problem is, we have a President of the United States of America who has sent a formal message to the Republican leader asking that a vote on this treatybe delayed. Apparently, there is a consensus on the other side, thus far at least, not to allow it to be delayed. This is the total politicization of a national security debate. Could anyone have imagined before this came up, if a President of the United States of any party said: This issue, which is of the gravest consequence to the United States of America, I respectfully ask that you delay a vote on it, could anyone have imagined anything other than a response that says: Mr. President, we will concur with the delay, unless it was for stark political reasons? I can't fathom this one. I can't fathom this. I wasn't sure the President should have sent the letter in the first place.  If this treaty is defeated and India and Pakistan test, we are going to find ourselves in the ugliest political brawl we have seen in this place since Newt Gingrich left the House. You are going to have Democrats standing up on the floor saying: The reason why India and Pakistan have tested is because the Republicans defeated this treaty and gave a green light. That is not a provable assertion, but mark my words, we are going to hear it. Then the response is going to be even more political.  We ought to take a deep breath. My mom always said, when you lose your temper, take a deep breath, count to 10. Not that I have ever lost my temper in my life. You can tell I am not at all passionate about any of these issues. But let us count to 10. The President of the United States has asked this treaty vote be delayed. It seems to me it is common courtesy and totally consistent with national interests to grant that request.  I will speak to other aspects of this. Let me conclude by saying two things: One, to move to a very small tactical nuke on the part of the Russians is an absolute outward admission that they lack the capability in their minds for fighting the conventional war. Twenty years ago, we would have paid billions of dollars, if the Russians had come to us--I say to my friend from Massachusetts who knows a great deal about this--we would have been prepared to vote to pay them $10-, $20 billion if they would stop developing intercontinental range missiles that had the capacity to penetrate our airspace and in all probability hit hardened targets here. If they had said to us, we won't do that but we are going to build a very small tactical nuke, we would have paid them to do that. Now we hear on this side, if we pass this treaty, they are going to build tactical nuclear weapons that are very small, smaller than the 10,000 they now have and are able to have and legally can have. That is a very bad thing. That is why we should reject this treaty. So we encourage the Chinese to go from 18 to 800 or 8,000 nuclear weapons that have MIRV capability and are thermonuclear in capacity. That is wonderful reasoning.  There are legitimate arguments against this treaty, which I believe do not rise to the level of being against a treaty, but I haven't heard them made this morning, with all due respect.  I yield the floor.  