 More cops on the street means crime goes down. Law enforcement knows this. The American public knows this. We know this. And we must act now.  We all recognize the importance to communities across our country of ensuring the continued success of lowering crime rates.  Look at this chart. Since the COPS Program began as part of the 1994 crime bill, arrests have gone way up.  This is total arrests. Look at all the support we have on this. All the law enforcement organizations endorse this program. The mayors endorse this program. I thank, by the way, these organizations for their continued support of the COPS Program and for their extraordinary help with this amendment in particular.  To the law enforcement community, I say thank you. We should all say thank you. We could not have done this without your hard work and support, your phone calls, your letters. Your personal appearances have resonated with all of us. You are always on the frontline on this, and you have always taken a stand against crime. You should be proud.  I am proud of them. In a recent survey done for the National Association of Police Organizations, 85 percent of those surveyed think we should extend the COPS Program. The American people don't want the program to end. Although we do not extend the COPS Program beyond its authorized period through this fiscal year, my friend from New Hampshire and my friend from South Carolina know that I have continually attempted to extend the program. I will be back in another fora trying to extend the COPS Program so that we continue this beyond the year 2000.  For years, when I first wrote this crime bill, back in the early 1980s, we would debate this, and we would debate it and debate it. The editorial writers in this country, primarily from the most established newspapers, were very critical of my notion that we should vastly increase the number of cops. They would write editorials. One--I think it was one of the major papers, the New York Times, Washington Post, LA Times, but I don't recall which--said: Been there, done that.  Well, the truth is, we were never there. The truth is, for the previous 20 years, before the Biden crime bill, we did not add appreciably to the number of cops in America. If my memory serves me, in the 20 largest cities in America over the previous 20 years, although crime had grown significantly, we only added about 1 percent more cops than existed 20 years earlier. We had never done this before.  After all the hearings I held as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, being exposed over all those years to the leading criminologists in the country, the psychologists, psychiatrists, law enforcement officers, social workers, all the experts, I came away convinced of only a few things.  One is, if there is a cop on one corner of the street and no cop on the other corner and a crime is going to be committed on a corner, it is going to be committed where the cop is not. Sounds pretty basic. It is basic. This single most important reason why, beyond the sheer numbers, this COPS Program has worked, in my view, is because in order to get Federal money to hire local cops under this program, local law enforcement departments had to decide, as my friend from Virginia knows, to set up community policing. When he was Governor, he talked about this. When he was Governor, a lot of the Governors and mayors knew about this.  It was hard to do. Cops didn't want to get out of their cars and walk on the beat, figuratively and literally. There was resistance. So we said: Look, if you want another cop paid for in part by the Federal Government, your whole department has to be a community policing department. You have to go back and interface with the community. You have to know who owns the corner store. You have to know who lives in the house in the middle of the block. You have to know where the drug trafficking takes place. You have to know where the gymnasium is where the kids hang out. You have to know where the swimming pool is. You have to know the people.  And so one of the reasons, I argue, for the extraordinary success of the program is not merely the added numbers of cops but because of the way in which they are required to utilize their existing police forces in order to get any new cops.  Now, granted, in one sense this is a small victory in that it only continues the program through the time it was intended to continue it.  I hope we can reach some bipartisan consensus before we get to fiscal year 2001 to extend, as my friend from New Hampshire has proposed in an amendment we will vote on later today, the violent crime trust fund that pays for these cops, the Federal share. I hope we can get some bipartisan support on extending the program that continues to put more local law enforcement on the ground with the help of Federal dollars.  I will reserve the remainder of my time in a moment, but I want to make it clear that I truly appreciate the willingness of the Senator from New Hampshire to reinstate, at least in part, the funding for this program which would allow the office to continue through the year 2000. I see my friend has risen, and I am happy to yield to him at this time.  