  President Bush's warning was contained in a letter delivered to Milosevic and General Panic, the commander of the Yugoslavian Army. The New York Times and the AssociatedPress quoted Bush's letter as saying: ``In the event of conflict in Kosovo caused by Serbian action, the United States will be prepared to employ military force against the Serbians in Kosovo and in Serbia proper.  Let me read it again: ``In the event of conflict in Kosovo caused by Serbian action, the United States will be prepared to employ military force against the Serbians in Kosovo and in Serbia proper.''  Perhaps because of this Christmas warning, Milosevic refrained from an all-out military assault on the Kosovars, contenting himself with the legal repression that I described earlier.  The Kosovars waited in vain for the West to help. They hoped that their plight would be placed on the agenda of the Dayton peace negotiations in November of 1995, but having been warned by Milosevic that he would walk out if Kosovo were brought up, the West, under this President, President Clinton, and our NATO allies, restricted the talks to Bosnia and Herzegovina.  So, finally, in late 1996, armed Kosovar resistance began on a small scale under the loosely organized Kosovo Liberation Army, abbreviated UCK in Albanian, but as KLA in the West. Gradually, the KLA escalated to larger attacks by February of 1998. Let me review the bidding again here, and I will get the letter, or the news accounts quoting the letter, if I can, for my friend from Alaska, and I will enter it into the Record.  Now, what happened? In 1989, this genocidal leader of Yugoslavia, named Milosevic, had seized power and attempted to consolidate Serbs throughout the former Yugoslavia. He made a speech on the 600th anniversary of Blackbirds Field near Pristina to enrage and bring up the blood of every Serbian living in the region. It worked very well in Bosnia. It got them going in Bosnia and, as well, in Kosovo. Then he, under the Serb Constitution, by most accounts, unconstitutionally amended the Constitution, taking away the autonomy that Tito had granted to Kosovo in 1974. But even when that was done, the Albanian Serbs did not use force or violence. They were headed by a guy named Dr. Rugova, who said they would, by nonviolent means, attempt to reestablish their societal institutions, allowing them their dignity and their right to work.  In the meantime, Milosevic comes in and he heads down from Belgrade and the orders are essentially: fire them all. Fire them all. All of the civil service jobs were eliminated, all of the schools were shut down, the language was not allowed, and so on. Still, the Kosovars did not use force. Still, they attempted, through peaceful means, to regain their autonomy. And with the help of President Bush--I can only surmise this, I can't read Milosevic's mind, but knowing what a coward he is, based on what he has done in the past, I expect that the Christmas warning by President Bush kept him from using the force he wanted to.  Dr. Rugova came to me and others and said, ``Get us into Dayton. While this is being discussed, get us on the agenda.'' We made a mistake, in my view. We said, ``No; you are not on the agenda; this is just about Bosnia. This is about Bosnia and nothing else.'' And so when peaceful means began to fail, and had clearly failed in late 1996, seven years later, the Kosovar resistance called the Kosovo Liberation Army--the UCK or the KLA, whatever you would like to call it--began to engage in larger attacks, a la the IRA.  Milosevic then saw an opportunity. Having been humiliated in his aggressive wars against Slovenia in the spring of 1991, and Croatia in the summer of 1995, and having seen the Bosnian Serb puppets routed in the fall of 1995 and forced to accept a compromise settlement in Dayton, the Yugoslav dictator needed another crisis to divert the Serbian people's attention from the massive failure of his authoritarian, Communist economic and political policies.  So what did he do? He did what is often done. He found a common enemy. He appealed to this naked, rabid nationalism and used the suppression of the KLA as a justification, as his vehicle, attempting in the process to drive the ethnic Albanian population out of large areas of Kosovo. What have been the results?  To date, approximately 2,000 Kosovar Albanians and Serbian civilians have been killed. More than 400,000 Kosovar Albanians have been driven from their homes, including tens of thousands during the past 10 days. Thousands of homes in hundreds of villages in Kosovo have been razed to the ground. One-quarter of Kosovo's livestock has been slaughtered and 10 percent of its arable land burned. A food blockade has been imposed upon large segments of the Kosovar population.  The world has taken note of this. The United Nations Security Council has passed two important resolutions--Nos. 1160 and 1199--in 1998, decrying the repression and calling for an end to it. Milosevic publicly agreed to the U.N. demands and has cynically continued his state terrorism.  Mr. President, why should we be surprised by this? We saw it repeated and repeated in Bosnia, until we had the nerve to act.  What is at stake for the United States in all of this? In the interest of time, I will come back to the floor at a more appropriate time to enlarge upon this. But I will say that our entire policy in Europe since the end of World War II has been to promote stability through the spread of democracy. In order to create the security conditions for this development in Western Europe, we created NATO in 1949, and for 50 years this alliance has provided an umbrella under which our allies have survived and prospered.  Since the end of the Cold War, it has been our policy to extend this zone of stability eastward in Europe by three methods.  First, we have agreed to a well-conceived, measured enlargement of NATO, which has already brought Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic into the alliance.  Second, NATO has entered into partnerships with many countries in the region, which in time will probably yield additional alliance members, which also in the short run has created productive relationships with a great power like Russia.  Third--and here is where Kosovo comes in--we have determined to oppose directly the aggressive policies of demagogues like Milosevic who are trying to foment ethnic and religious hatred.  We know, as NATO knows, that its credibility is on the line in Kosovo. We have warned Milosevic countless times to halt his fascist aggression. We have cooperated with our NATO allies, and with Russia, in fashioning a fair interim settlement for Kosovo.  We know that if Milosevic's scorched-earth policy of ``ethnic cleansing'' is allowed to continue, the inevitable result will be a massive tide of refugees, which would destabilize fragile democracies in Macedonia and Albania. We also know that Milosevic is itching for the excuse to overthrow the democratic and reformist government of Montenegro, which is a direct challenge to his authoritarian communist rule in Yugoslavia.  We also know that the ultimate nightmare--which is not impossible by any means--is a widening of the hostilities to include NATO members Greece and Turkey, who have different interests in this outcome.  Mr. President, the national interests of the United States are directly threatened by the continued aggressive actions of the Yugoslav Government in Kosovo.  For that reason, Mr. President, I think we should do what I said earlier, which is, introduce a resolution authorizing air operations, in conjunction with the Activation Order voted on by the North Atlantic Council of NATO.  I urge my colleagues to support that resolution.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  