President, I want to pick up on another aspect of what boththe Senator from Virginia and the Senator from Oklahoma have talked about, and that is that at this rate we have to be concerned that after patch 17 there will be patch 18, and after 18 there will be patch 19. I am sure there are some young people up in the galleries who are light years away from Medicare. In fact, the distinguished Presiding Officer of the Senate is a number of years away from the program, and I don't want to see him looking at patch 30 or 31 or 32. But the reality is if all we do is to take what we have and extend it, we are not going to turn this situation around.  My colleague from Virginia and I started talking about one of the key concepts in our repeal and replace strategy, and that is making sure we have a hard date--really, for the first time--to start paying for value in health care. Repeal and replace has that hard date. This is long, long overdo. Until then, in much of our country, we will still have volume-driven, fee-for-service medicine still driving health care in those communities from one end of the country to another.  I heard one observer say what they hoped for is that somebody in Washington would take a machete to fee-for-service. At a minimum, we ought to do what repeal and replace does, which is to reward for the first time quality, and ensure the message goes out to every corner of the country. I have heard the distinguished Presiding Officer of the Senate say with respect to his important health care reform efforts that instead of just paying for volume, we should actually pay for results, and results mean patients have a higher quality of life. What we know, in many instances, is that kind of care also costs less because we don't have people sicker and needing more expensive services and possibly institutional care.  So now, while I wait for additional colleagues to come and speak, I want to take a few minutes to describe some of the other opportunities we are missing out on by not going forward with full repeal and replace, as I and Senator Warner and others would like to see.  In particular, it is very clear that Medicare in 2014 is remarkably different than Medicare back when it began in 1965. Medicare in 2014 is now dominated by chronic disease. Cancer, diabetes, heart disease, and stroke is more than 80 percent of the Medicare spent. I believe we have some opportunities for some very important breakthroughs.  The Senator from Georgia, Mr. Isakson, has joined me in a bipartisan bill here--the Better Care, Lower Cost Act. It is bipartisan in the other body with Congressman Peter Welch and Congressman Erik Paulsen. That would give both parties an opportunity for the first time to provide the real financial incentives for the long term to reward the kind of coordinated care we are not getting in this country for seniors.  For many seniors, after the free physical they now get under Medicare, their care is so fragmented, so poorly coordinated that until they land in a hospital emergency room, perhaps with a $1,100 deductible and can't figure out all the doctors they have seen during their odyssey through chronic care treatment, we have virtually no system that responsibly manages and is accountable for that senior's care.  In repeal and replace, we take the first steps toward building a chronic care policy for our country. We take the chronic special needs plans--what are called the CSNPs--that haven't worked out as hoped and initiate reforms for those particular plans to ensure that all of the individuals who are part of that program would, for the first time, have an individual care plan. That is something many seniors--certainly a majority of seniors--lack, particularly if they are part of traditional fee-for-service medicine. They don't have an individual care plan. They might have two or more kinds of chronic conditions.  A senior might think they can manage their own medicines and manage their own nutrition, but there would be an alternative. That would be what Senator Isakson and I have talked about for the long term and what we would begin with in a true repeal and replace program for SGR. With SGR, we would start finally looking at those chronic care patients in a way that ensured they got coordinated care from the first time they saw a physician, who, under our approach for the long term, would have a pharmacist and a physician assistant and maybe a nurse. They would be able to have one person accountable for their care.  The irony is that all over the country there are programs that are now doing this and reaping dramatic savings. For example, in rural Pennsylvania there is a particularly promising program where the savings have exceeded more than 20 percent on some of the sickest patients with the kind of approach that Senator Isakson and I are advocating for the long term, and which we would at least begin with these chronic special needs patients under full repeal and replace of the SGR.  Now, I want to close with one other point before I yield the floor to colleagues. The full repeal and replace of Medicare would also contain an idea that Senator Grassley and I have worked on for over 3 years, which is to open the Medicare database. The Medicare database is really a treasure trove of the most useful information about Medicare claims and payments around this country. It holds the record of all payments from taxpayers to physicians and other providers for seniors' health care.  Right now, access to this Medicare database is very limited. If the public or seniors or others want to get access to this information, they have to wade through the bureaucracy, and there are simply very substantial obstacles. We know this kind of information can often produce better quality for lower prices because providers who do well when that information gets out will see they are rewarded for their work, and those that are not measuring up to those standards will either have to change their practices or simply find it hard to keep their doors open. The markets work best when information is transparent for all parties.  Today, most patients lack any comparative information and usually don't find out the cost of their care until after the fact, if at all. So Senator Grassley and I have proposed there be a free and searchable database, one that would allow seniors to find and choose doctors and other health care professionals enrolled in the Medicare program, adding the actual services that are performed and what price Medicare pays for those services.  Americans would finally be able to compare what Medicare pays for particular services in different parts of the country. Opening the Medicare claims database in this way would help us hold down health care costs, would also improve the quality of Medicare services, be a tool in fighting fraud, and would be useful in helping individuals with private health plans--private plans, HSAs and employer-based insurance.  What is going to happen there is, if you have an employer plan in Hartford, CT, or an HSA in Connecticut, the first thing you are going to say is, this is what Medicare pays for a particular service; why can't I, with my employer plan or my HSA have the same price? If I am not getting it, that probably means I am getting less pay, and I would rather see health care costs held down so I could get more in my paycheck.  So opening the record--from a quality standpoint--of Medicare-paid services would be a very powerful tool for measuring hospital and doctor performance. The claims data, with full protection of patient privacy, would open how doctors and hospitals are treating patients. It would also provide a full accounting of areas which lack access to doctors, specialists, treatment, and procedures. Making this information readily available would also allow doctors to collaborate on improved care management, and make sure the highest quality services are delivered to patients at lower costs.  Finally, the transparency we would get from the efforts Senator Grassley and I have teamed up on, which was part of the full repeal-and-replace strategy, would help us have a powerful new tool against fraud and waste.  We look at the Medicare Program. The Wall Street Journal and the Center for Public Integrity have been able to, even with limited access to Medicare claims data, look at that information and expose through a series of articles how doctors and medical practitioners game Medicare to increase their profits. If we made the systemmore transparent, as Senator Grassley and I have sought to do and is in the full repeal-and-replace proposal, we would have a significant new tool to root out those--and they are a relatively small number, fortunately--who truly fleece seniors and taxpayers and allow us to get more value for the Medicare dollars.  In 2012 the Medicare Program cost about $580 billion. In a few years, given the demographics and technology, this bill is going to go over $1 trillion.  Often when I go to a high school and meet with young people--as I am sure does the distinguished Presiding Officer--16-, 17-, and 18-year-olds, we talk about matters which concern them, student scholarships, parks, transportation. Toward the end of the meeting I often say: So you all are 16, 17, and 18. My guess is, given your age, you probably tweet your friends when you get up in the morning about Medicare.  These students smile: Well, there is another person from Washington, DC, who doesn't get it.  I kid with them a little bit. Finally, I say: I just want you to know I am kidding, but not really. Because if we don't figure out how to protect the Medicare guarantee and hold down the costs for all you students who care about scholarships and parks and roads and the like, guess what. There is not going to be any money for the concerns which are first and foremost to you.  At this point, of course, the students jump right in, and they want to know about preventive medicine and how to root out waste and some of the things we are talking about. But we can't get to a lot of those important Medicare reform issues which Senator Warner articulated so well when he began his remarks if we can't get full repeal-and-replace of the badly flawed Medicare SGR Program.  I have spent a few minutes talking about how Senator Isakson has an approach which is bipartisan in both the Senate and the House on how to deal with chronic disease; I have talked about opening the Medicare database which is in full Medicare repeal and replace; I have talked about some broad reforms. Of course, at the center is paying for value, which is in full repeal and replace starting in 2018, and we may not get for a while if the Congress just keeps reupping from the 17th patch to 18th patch to the 19th patch.  So what we are going to have to do here in this body--and I know the distinguished Presiding Officer has a great interest in the question and the budget and the future particularly of entitlement costs, which I would say puts the Medicare guarantee and holding down costs front and center--we are going to have to speed up, we are going to have to accelerate the drive to actually get full repeal and replace, rather than patch 17, patch 18, patch 19, patch 20, and up. My view is we ought to be doing it now.  I recognize the objection from the other side. But I have talked to a lot of Senators over the last 3 days of both political parties, and I think there is a growing awareness that simply extending what we already have and punting on the need to fix the urgent structural problems with what we have--which is what some Senators and House Members sought to do--can't be ducked much longer.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time for closing.  I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. King). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  