But I believe numbers don't really capture this discussion fully because what people want to know is the impact of climate change in their community, what it truly means for them in their part of the country.  To get into those impacts, I will start with one that is shellacking my home State; that is, the wildfires that are burning longer, getting hotter, and starting earlier. Drought and high temperatures from climate change are driving all of this. During the early part of this past year's fire season, intense wildfires once again burned across the Western United States, threatening population centers and destroying hundreds of homes. This winter, fires have already burned in western Oregon--something that used to be very rare. The number of houses that have burned in our country from wildfires has increased a staggering 400 percent in only the past couple of years and is projected to get far worse. In 2012, 2 percent of my home State of Oregon burned in just one summer and nearly 1.5 million acres burned across the Pacific Northwest. Wildfires, of course, have always been part of life in my home State, but the fires of recent years are getting hotter and are significantly more threatening to homes.  Our country's top scientists say the conditions that caused these recent fire seasons to become more severe, including drought accompanied by above-average temperatures, are more common now due to human-induced climate change. Over the past 30 years the fire season has become 2\1/2\ months longer and both the number and severity of forest fires in the American West have increased several-fold. Scientists who have examined this issue say climate change is a significant factor behind it.  To their credit, the Obama administration has indicated that they want to work with Senators of both political parties to tackle this issue. In particular, what they have suggested--and Senator Crapo, the Republican Senator from Idaho, and I have pushed this strongly--is that instead of shorting the prevention fund, which is the heart of the problem--we have to go in and thin out these overstocked stands--instead of shorting the prevention fund, which is what happens every year now, because these fires are so big and so hot, what happens is the bureaucracy comes in and takes money from the prevention fund in order to suppress the fires, and the problem, of course, gets worse because we don't have the funds for prevention.  The administration wants to work with Democrats and Republicans in the Senate and in the other body so that the most serious fires--only the most serious ones--get handled from the disaster fund. We believe this is going to free up additional support for efforts to prevent these fires, and that will be beneficial to our communities.  Second, I would like to focus on power sector vulnerability. The drought and high temperatures that can lead to the wildfires and make our power grid more vulnerable also raise the question of the implications for our grid and for taxpayers.  Much of that vulnerability comes from changes in water supply and water temperature. Water plays two critical roles in generating electricity. Water is needed for generating hydropower--something we do a lot of in the Pacific Northwest. It is also needed for cooling in many other types of generation, such as nuclear, biomass, and coal. For those generators, water must not only be available in sufficient quantities, but it has to be cool enough to allow the plants to run safely and efficiently. That means climate change poses a double threat to some of these facilities.  This is not a hypothetical situation; recent history has already shown the power sector's vulnerability to both drought and high temperatures. In 2001, for example, severe drought in the Pacific Northwest and California significantly reduced hydroelectric generation, causing tight electricity supplies and high prices throughout the West. That drought was estimated to have an economic impact of between $2.5 billion and $6 billion.  High temperatures have also made water too hot to actually be able to cool some powerplants. In 2007 the Tennessee Valley Authority had to temporarily shut down its Browns Ferry Nuclear Plant because the intake water temperatures were too high. In 2012 the Millstone nuclear plant that powers half of Connecticut had to take 40 percent of its capacity offline for almost 2 weeks because the cooling water it was getting from Long Island Sound was too warm. In that same year the Braidwood nuclear facility in Illinois had to get an exemption to use intake water that was 102 degrees instead of shutting down during a heat wave. When somebody has their air-conditioning on high because it is over 100 degrees, that is not a time that we can afford to be taking a base load powerplant offline.  So far it has been possible to get through the heat- and drought-related shutdowns of these powerplants without major outages, but let's make no mistake about it--the ratepayers have definitely felt them in their power bills. In Texas during the summer of 2011, for example, electricity was selling on the spot market for $3,000 per megawatt hour--well over 100 times the normal rate.  Next I would like to talk about the effects of climate on energy infrastructure. The power sector isn't the only bit of energy infrastructure that is vulnerable to climate change. Recently, I--along with the majority leader, Senator Reid, Senator Franken, Senator Harkin, and Senator Mark Udall--asked the Government Accountability Office to look into the effects of climate change on energy infrastructure.  That report was just released. What the Government Accountability Officefound is that climate changes are projected to affect infrastructure throughout all major stages of the energy supply chain--of course, once again increasing the risk of energy disruption.  In addition to power sector vulnerabilities, the GAO also found vulnerabilities among the infrastructure for producing and extracting natural resources, including oil and gas platforms, refineries, and processing plants. This infrastructure is often located near the coast, making it vulnerable to severe weather and sea level rise.  Fuel transportation and storage infrastructure, including pipelines, barges, railways, and storage tanks, are also susceptible to damage from severe weather, melting permafrost, and increased precipitation.  I close by outlining some of the steps that can actually be taken to deal with these issues. I am sure people who are following this discussion tonight are saying: All right, they are making a good case about the nature of the problem. So what else. What comes next in terms of our ability to take action to deal with this.  I have said before that there are a host of areas where we are going to have to work in a global kind of manner to build support with other countries for tackling climate change, but there is no question that this Senate can put points on the board this year in the fight against climate change.  I am very pleased to have been able to work with our colleague Senator Murkowski, the ranking Republican on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, over this past year. Until recently I served as chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and we were able to pass a major law to spur development of hydropower, which is one of America's forgotten renewables. Hydropower already makes up two-thirds of our country's renewable power, so this is obviously a vital renewable source of energy. Our legislation makes it easier to put hydro on existing dams, irrigation canals, and conduits, and we believe it is going to spark big investments in clean renewable power. The National Hydropower Association estimates that there are 60,000 megawatts of potential new hydropower in our country yet to be harnessed.  In addition, our committee passed an important bill to cut redtape associated with developing geothermal power on public lands.  My colleagues and I urge the administration to take steps to have tools at their disposal to invest in energy efficiency and use the savings to pay for those upgrades.  I look forward, here on the floor of the Senate, to being able to pass what I would call the platonic ideal of consensus energy legislation; that is, the bill that has been sponsored by our colleagues, Senator Shaheen and Senator Portman. I am very pleased that we had a promising development over the past few weeks where we brought together those who care about trying to promote clean and renewable energy in Federal buildings. We have been able to get common ground between Senators of differing views. I look forward to seeing that bill, the Shaheen-Portman bill, on the floor of the Senate.  The fact is a number of our renewable energy sources have been on a roll over the past several years, demonstrating their potential.  For example, onshore wind has installed tens of thousands of megawatts of capacity in recent years when the policy support has been in place. As expected, the costs have come down with technology improvements, experience, economies of scale, and as a deep domestic supply chain has built up to manufacture all of the components of the wind turbines and towers. The policy support has been working, and wind is now knocking at the door of competitiveness with fossil technologies.  Offshore wind is also picking up steam, even off the coast of my home State, where the waters have always been too deep for offshore wind to be possible. A company called Principle Power is trying to solve that problem by demonstrating floating offshore wind turbines just off the coast of Coos Bay in my home State. Putting a turbine on a floating platform instead of mounting it on a tower on the ocean floor has the potential to dramatically change the potential for offshore wind. It would let developers tap into the huge windy resource above the deep waters off the coast of Oregon and elsewhere but without the footprints on the ocean floor and without affecting views from the coast. It is a promising technology, but, like all first-of-a-kind technology, it is going to cost a bit more. That is why we ought to get policy support--so we can realize the potential of commercial-scale energy.  Finally, the costs of solar power have also been dropping like a rock. The potential for sustainable biomass to provide a quadruple win of low-carbon energy, increased forest health, reduced danger of forest fires, and economic growth is still there waiting to be fully developed.  I wish to touch on two remaining issues, and one is before the Senate Finance Committee. It is my strong view that the tax treatment of all energy production in the United States ought to be modified so that all energy sources compete on a technology-neutral level playing field. That ought to be one of the major goals of comprehensive tax reform, which, in my view, is really the grand bipartisan prize for Senate Finance Committee members.  In the short-term, we have another challenge. We shouldn't let the renewable energy industries that are so important simply fall off the cliff just when the supply chains have been developed and just when they are reaching a level of competitiveness where they can really take off.  It is my hope that it is possible to work in a bipartisan way. I intend to talk to Senator Hatch, the ranking Republican on the Finance Committee, and colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work on a tax extenders package that includes a variety of clean energy and efficiency credits. Senator Hatch and I have been interested in moving forward this spring through the regular order and markup of this kind of energy package in the Finance Committee.  I will close by talking about natural gas because to capture all of the climate benefits we also have to factor in the dramatic shale gas revolution. We understand that natural gas has turned the energy equation upside down over the past few years. Along the way, it has provided a low-cost way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at the same time. Increased usage of natural gas has helped our country to reach its lowest level of greenhouse gas emissions since 1994, even as the economy has been picking up steam. Manufacturing and industrial operations have been moving back to the United States to take advantage of cheap reliable gas.  This is good news that was almost unimaginable just a few years ago, but we have some major challenges as well. I am concerned that methane emissions from leaky compressors and leaky pipes could undermine the emission benefits of natural gas in a way that isn't being accounted for. A recent report which showed a leakage rate of just 3 percent through the entire natural gas supply chain can make burning natural gas the same as burning coal from a climate perspective. So I have been pushing hard with colleagues here in the Senate to keep that leakage rate below 1 percent from production to usage to make sure that climate benefits come to reality.  There are technologies that can address the issue of leakage, and they already exist. They can be put in place at almost no net cost, with many of the measures paying for themselves. There has been a comprehensive survey of the measures for reducing methane leaks through the natural gas supply and usage chain, and it found emissions could be reduced by 40 percent with technologies that already exist and are practical today.  The scale of this problem is, of course, immense, and it is what Senators are talking about here tonight. It is going to take everyone pulling together at every level to make the meaningful changes actually happen. We are going to need continued leadership from our entrepreneurs, who aren't sitting idly by but are innovating to come up with solutions to climate change. We are going to need savvy consumers demanding lower carbon and more efficient goods and services. We will need leadership from retailers who are going to ask more of their suppliers and supply chains togive them products to sell to those consumers. Of course, the key is always innovation in the private sector--the private-sector leaders working with our national labs and universities.  I am especially proud that my home State of Oregon is going to lead the State efforts in trying to promote sustainability, renewables, and efficiency at the local level.  To wrap up my remarks, let me state the obvious. It is going to take new leadership from the Congress. The Congress is going to have to lead if we are going to get a long-term framework for a low-carbon economy that innovators, entrepreneurs, and others can use in the days ahead to address the global nature of this problem, and I think we are up to it here in the Senate. I think we are up to doing it in a bipartisan way, and that is what I look forward to being part of in the days ahead.  I yield the floor.  