President, the Internet has been possibly the most significant force driving our economy over the past 16 years. It is clearly this century's shipping lane and history's most powerful communications tool. Part of the reason the Internet has revolutionized American life is that it has been protected from discriminatory taxation, thanks to the Internet Tax Freedom Act, first enacted 16 years ago.  This law, as we might expect, is extraordinarily popular among the American people, and it has obviously been of enormous importance to the millions of families and businesses that use the Internet each day.  However, in a few short months the Internet Tax Freedom Act is set to expire. If it does, millions of American Internet users could face multiple and discriminatory taxes from thousands of state and local tax collectors around the country. That cannot be allowed to happen. Congress needs to come together on a bipartisan basis and say clearly: Don't hit the Internet with discriminatory taxation.  Sixteen years ago I was the author of the Internet Tax Freedom Act, along with our former Republican colleague, Congressman Chris Cox. Along with our colleague from South Dakota, Senator Thune, and 52 bipartisan cosponsors, I am the author of the pending bill that would make that protection permanent. I believe if we were able to hold a vote on our bill today, it would pass with overwhelming support. Unfortunately, that is not a political reality. Yet the clock keeps ticking toward expiration.  Protecting the Internet and every Internet user in our country ought to be a matter that takes precedence over politics and partisanship. The Senate can move this short-term extension today while the Senate works on a bipartisan basis to deal with the issues raised by those who believe that allowing localities to collect taxes across the country is more important than a ban on discriminatory taxation.  I hope the Senate will join me in supporting the temporary extension of the Internet Tax Freedom Act as a bridge to permanent legislation.  To reflect very briefly for a minute, we thought this law would work well 16 years ago. To describe what triggered my interest, 16 years ago, when I was a young Member of this body and I had a full head of hair and rugged good looks, we would hear for example about how if someone bought the newspaper--the online edition of the paper--they would face a stiff tax in some jurisdictions,but if they bought the snail mail edition they wouldn't face the tax. Democrats and Republicans coming together said that is discriminatory. That is discriminating against technology, against the future, against the promise of the Internet.  We thought this proposal would work well. It is quite clear. We just have to make sure what we do online is not more burdensome and an endeavor that involves more taxes than what we do offline. That is what the bill has been all about. So we thought it would be promising, but it has far exceeded our expectations in terms of what it has done to promote innovation and for small businesses and others who don't have political action committees and don't have big lobbies advocating for them. Ensuring they are not hammered by multiple and discriminatory taxes by thousands of localities has been a lifeline in terms of their being successful.  I could take more time this morning. We have colleagues and of course many matters still to deal with before we leave. I hope that given this history, which has been a bipartisan history--I so enjoyed working with our former colleague Chris Cox on this legislation 16 years ago. My take is that the overwhelming number of Senators would like to permanently reauthorize this ban on multiple and discriminatory taxes on the Internet today, and that is what Senator Thune and I have sought to do in our legislation, which has more than half of the Senate cosponsoring it. That is not possible today. But what is possible is that we act now so we don't bump up against that deadline that if reached our small businesses are subject--we have more than 5,000 taxing jurisdictions, and if even a small number of them were to inflict discriminatory taxes on Internet commerce, that would be a big blow in a fragile economy.  So for purposes of the temporary extension of the Internet Tax Freedom Act as a bridge to permanent legislation, let us say loudly and clearly that we as a body--we as the U.S. Senate--are not going to hammer the Internet with multiple and discriminatory taxes.  I yield the floor. I note the absence of a quorum.  