For many months before I became the Chair of the committee, the Finance Committee staff, on a bipartisan basis, worked very hard and very comprehensively in a thoughtful way to address this issue, interviewing 28 IRS employees and reviewing approximately 500,000 pages of documents.  It is my hope--and again, I have been the Chair of the committee for only a little bit over 1 week--it is my hope and expectation that our report will be ready for release next month or in early April.  The Finance Committee, as I have indicated, is the committee of jurisdiction. It has the technical resources, the expertise, and experience to best fashion the appropriate remedies. My view is these matters are simply too important to be handled on the floor without the opportunity for the Finance Committee to address these issues, examine them in hearings, and to have meaningful debate.  The Senator from Arizona believes that the new rules from the IRS are not fair because they limit the public debate. I want to indicate to him and to our colleagues that I don't take a back seat to anybody in terms of promoting public debate. Free speech and fair treatment for all Americans--all Americans--in the political process is absolutely central to what I believe government ought to be all about.  I have tried, with our colleague from Alaska, Senator Murkowski, to show that even in these difficult, polarizing political times, the parties can come together. Senator Murkowski puts it very well in terms of what the future ought to be all about. It truly embodies our campaign disclosure bill--which, I would mention, is the first bipartisan campaign finance bill in the Senate since the days of McCain-Feingold.  Senator Murkowski says it best when she says that what she wants, with respect to the rules for political debate in this country, is the ``even-steven'' rule. She wants to make sure the same principles that apply to the NRA apply to the Sierra Club, so that all Americans, in the course of political debates, are treated fairly. Also, we both believe that shining a light on the dark money that pulses through the American political system is not going to inhibit free speech. To the contrary, it is going to enhance the public's right to know about who is behind the political ads that bombard them during the political season without accountability or transparency.  I agree with Justice Scalia when he said:       Requiring people to stand up in public for their political      acts fosters civic courage, without which democracy is      doomed.  So there are two reasons for my objection. First, the Finance Committee is the committee of jurisdiction that ought to have the opportunity to address these questions, and I want to assure my friend from Arizona--whom I have worked with many times on issues--that having just become the Chair, I intend to work very expeditiously on this matter, particularly with Senator Hatch.  Second, I point out to my colleagues on the floor there is a bipartisan opportunity in the days ahead to address many of these issues. It is embodied very eloquently by Senator Murkowski, who says: If we are going to be serious about promoting the widest possible debate in this country and treating everyone fairly, we do it in accord with that even-steven principle.  For those reasons, I object at this time to the unanimous consent request.  I yield the floor.  