I simply want to highlight my sense of where all of this is. Back in 1998, along with Congressman Chris Cox, a Republican Congressman from California, one of the most market-oriented individuals I have ever seen in public service, he and I came together to write the original Internet Tax Freedom Act. The reason we did is we were concerned about discrimination, which looked as though it could do enormous damage to innovation and the future of the Internet. For example, we saw early on that if someone bought the newspaper in some jurisdiction online, they would pay a hefty tax. But if they bought the snail-mail edition, they would pay no tax.  So Congressman Cox and I, on a bipartisan basis, came together and said: ``We do not want to see that kind of discrimination against the future. We do not want to see that kind of discrimination against innovation and technology.'' So that is what the Internet Tax Freedom Act was all about in 1998. The subsequent reauthorizations were all about trying to build on that enormous success.  Congressman Cox and I thought the Internet tax freedom bill would be a success back in 1998. It has far exceeded expectations in terms of promoting innovation and small business and many of the concerns that all three colleagues have touched on.  So then to fast forward to today, I am the author of the legislation, with our colleague from South Dakota, Senator Thune, of the permanent Internet tax freedom extension. I will just say to colleagues: I would like nothing more--nothing more--than to be able to stand here today to see this enormously valuable piece of legislation made permanent now.  The reality, however, is--and we have seen it and heard about it--there are objections on both sides at this point to seeing the bill I wrote with Senator Thune--and Senator Cruz correctly notes that more than half of the Senate has co-sponsored--we have objections to seeing that bill move today. So the best thing that can be done now, for the hundreds of millions of American Internet users and the economy for which the Internet is a lifeline, is to extend the current ban until it ispossible to lock in a path to pass a permanent extension.  This is not a political issue. That point has been made. There are a number of Democrats and Republicans who join myself and Senator Thune in supporting the permanent moratorium. There are a number of Republicans and Democrats opposing the extension of that moratorium, reluctantly. We will have that debate. They seem to think it is okay to impose discriminatory taxes on the Internet.  So it seems to me that no one who supports keeping the moratorium in place ought to object to a short-term extension now. Doing so only makes it more likely that Internet access and services would be subject to discriminatory taxation.  Let me now, in the interest of time, simply ask unanimous consent the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. 2735, a 2-month extension of the Internet Tax Freedom Act, to December 31, 2014, the text of which is at the desk; that the bill be read three times and passed, and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.  