 Our part of the world has sent to the Senate some of our most distinguished and thoughtful Members. The great Pacific Northwest sent Wayne Morse from my home State to the Senate and Warren Magnuson and Scoop Jackson of Washington State. I note that Senator Cantwell is here. Frank Church of Idaho was sent to Washington, and, of course, Mike Mansfield, Senator Baucus's mentor and pioneer in terms of promoting closer relations between our country and Asia. It is very fitting that this afternoon Max Baucus joins that very special group of Senators from our part of the United States.  Second, I wish to caution Senators on one point, and the distinguished Senator from Utah and I have had a little bit of a laugh about this. Max is exceptionally friendly, and he always tells Senators: Our paths are going to cross again. I look forward to working with you in the days ahead. And Senator Hatch and I just want everyone here in the Senate: However close you are to Senator Baucus, that doesn't mean every Senator can insist that Max come back from China to talk about the latest twist in the debate about currency manipulation or some other issue.  The last point I want to mention is a personal one. When you are here in the Senate for more than three decades, you deal with scores of bills and amendments, and you talk about coalitions that were built to pass measures that needed to be passed, and from time to time you have to build a coalition to stop something that shouldn't be passed. But what I want to do--out of those thousands of bills and thousands of amendments--is talk about a special Baucus commitment that was especially important to me; that is, the needs of senior citizens.  Max Baucus had some particularly celebrated wins in the fight for seniors--something in which the Presiding Officer of the Senate is very involved. The reality is that the person who did more to stop the privatization of Social Security here on the floor of the Senate was Max Baucus. He was the one who led the coalition. He reached out to Senators on both sides and said: Look, of course we need to save more for private retirement savings, but we are going to do that on top of Social Security, not as a replacement for Social Security. So Senator Baucus was there building that coalition, making the case for why this special program, this intergenerational program has been so important for our country.  What I remember best about Senator Baucus and seniors, though, is when the Finance Committee blew the whistle on some of these ripoffs in supplements sold to older people, and eventually these supplements really became the delivery system for Medicare as we know it in much of the country. Senator Cantwell and I, of course, know of the Medicare Advantage Program.  We would have hearings in the Finance Committee where we would hear about efforts in the private sector to sell health insurance to seniors that was not worth the paper on which it was written. I remember--kind of bringing my Gray Panther roots into the cause--talking to Max about this change and that change, and it would get pretty dense pretty quickly. Max just said: This is wrong. This is wrong, to rip senior citizens off this way. And we were able to get those changes. The consumer protections Max Baucus locked into the law for the Nation's vulnerable seniors essentially remain the protections of today that are used as the model for senior rights.  Senator Cantwell and I, since we are both on the committee, also know that in the budget discussions, when it came time for hard choices, Max always made it a priority to stand up for what are known as the dual eligibles--the seniors who are the most vulnerable, the seniors who don't have political action committees and don't have clout and can't participate in all of what we normally think of as today's politics, from fundraising to all of the grassroots work.  I will close by saying that when you see somebody week in and week out stand for the most vulnerable people in society, such as those dual eligibles, you learn a lot about what a person feels strongly about, what values are important to them. So I want to close by saying that when we talk about the Senators from our part of the world--and Senator Cantwell remembers so well the legendary Warren Magnuson and Scoop Jackson and Frank Church, who, by the way, was chair of the Senate Select Committee on Aging. I met him for the first time when I was director of the Gray Panthers and had a full head of hair and good looks. Max was always on those issues, year after year after year.  I hope today, as we reflect on his contributions and certainly all the bills and amendments he offered in the Senate Finance Committee, people will also remember that there is a reason Max belongs with those distinguished Senators I mentioned from the Pacific Northwest. It is because he had a heart for people, he had a heart for seniors, and he had the values that represent the best in public service.  With that, Madam President, I yield the floor.  