Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm) for yielding me this time. I am particularly pleased that the gentleman from Texas is managing the time, because I think if Ronald Reagan were here, he would say, Charles Stenholm was one of those who stood with me on principle, who believed that we needed to get this country moving, and believed that we needed to have sound policy; and Charles Stenholm stood with me. And as the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) just related, for Ronald Reagan the concrete cracked again, frankly, when he viewed the program adopted and thought that perhaps some changes needed to be made.  Mr. Speaker, like every Member of this House, I offer my sincere condolences to the family and friends of former President Reagan, particularly, of course, his beloved wife, Nancy, and his children. What a wonderful example Nancy Reagan set for our country. Ronald Reagan and Nancy Reagan clearly loved one another deeply and cared for one another, and Nancy Reagan has shown extraordinary courage and fidelity not only throughout the course of their marriage but particularly in the course of Ronald Reagan's final illness.  Mr. Speaker, Ronald Reagan loved this Nation and served it with distinction; and he will ever be remembered for his humor, his grace, his irrepressible optimism which mirrored the American spirit and buoyed it in periods of difficulty.  The last decade, when this man who had lived life with such physical vigor slowly slipped away, was an especially cruel blow. However, let us be comforted today that he has been summoned to a far better place.  Having been elected to Congress just 4 months after he took office, and just 6 weeks after an assassin's bullet nearly claimed his life, I had a front-row seat during President Reagan's 8 years in Washington. He was a man I both liked and respected. I liked him for his warmth and for the respect that he accorded others, and I respected him for the honesty of his convictions and the intellectual integrity that he displayed in pursuing them.  After signing into law what was then the largest tax cut in American history in 1981, President Reagan had the fortitude to face fiscal reality, just as the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) reflected upon. His policies caused yawning deficits and spiraling debt, consequences that he subsequently tried to address, although not as successfully as I am sure he would have hoped. Without question, Ronald Reagan held strong ideological beliefs. But one of his real strengths was his willingness to put pragmatism above ideology, to make sure that his country had programs that were working.  I also remember him as a person who early in life committed to equality and justice for all, and later in life to the success of freedom and democracy around the world. I believed he was right in that endeavor, and like the gentleman from California (Mr. Lewis), supported his efforts to build up our defenses, to deploy those Persian and cruise missiles, to, yes, even provide for multiple warheads on the MX missile, and say to the Soviet Union, if you want to compete, we are prepared to compete; but we would rather seek peace together. And he had the courage to build up, and he had the courage to make peace.  While Democrats disagreed with and strongly opposed much of his domestic agenda, our political differences never hardened into paralyzing personal animosity on his side or on ours. We were blessed by the fact that we were led by two great Irishmen, Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill. They were friends. And they had a third friend, his name was Michel, Bob Michel, an extraordinary leader of this House. And they, together, believed that country was more important than partisanship and party.  For the most part, they worked together. On those matters that they disagreed on, they took their own separate ways. But when they could agree, they did. The Social Security reform of 1983 was probably the most stark example of that cooperative spirit. It was good for the country, it was good for Social Security, and they came together, worked together, and succeeded together.  That was due in great measure to the leadership styles and personalities of President Reagan and Speaker O'Neill. These two men, the most powerful political figures in our Nation in the 1980s, one a Republican, the other a Democrat, demonstrated to all Americans that our elected leaders could disagree politically without being disagreeable personalities or personally. They reminded all of us that cynicism and mean-spiritedness are inimical to American democracy, and that our real adversaries lie beyond our shores, not here.  The surest tribute that we can pay to Ronald Reagan today is to commit ourselves to recapture the generosity of spirit that always guided him. In a very real way, Ronald Reagan's life was the embodiment of the American Dream. Both President Reagan and President Clinton, like Harry Truman, gave credence to the promise that in America neither privileged birth nor economic advantage is necessary to enable one to become the President of the United States of America. It was, for them, and for millions to follow their example, the land of opportunity.  President Reagan's leadership renewed the conviction that the future would be better, better than the past, and that America's best days were still ahead. That is a philosophy that all of us should embrace and convey to our fellow citizens. I believe it is the case, Ronald Reagan believed it was the case, and may God bless his soul and comfort his beloved wife, Nancy.  