Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thompson), for yielding. I also want to thank my good friend from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette), the chairman of this subcommittee, for last year trying to give me the opportunity to speak on my bill. I remember that and recall that well. I thank him very much.  I want to thank my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thompson), the ranking Democrat, and the extraordinary staff assistant that he has on this subcommittee, Susan Brita.  Mr. Speaker, for the past 12 years I have sponsored a resolution for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby to hold its race on the Capitol Grounds along Constitution Avenue. Once again, I am proud to have sponsored such a resolution to permit the 63rd running of the Soap Box Derby races scheduled to take place on Saturday, June 19.  The resolution authorizes the Architect of the Capitol, the Capitol Police Board, and the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to negotiate the necessary arrangements for conducting the race in complete compliance with the rules and regulations governing the use of the Capitol Grounds.  Therefore, I request my colleagues to join with me and other co-sponsors, including the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Wynn), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Van Hollen), in supporting this resolution.  The Soap Box Derby has been held in the Washington D.C. area since 1991. It has attracted over 50 participants each of these years ranging in age from 9 to 16. The participants work very hard, as all of us know, to prepare their own race cars from the kit provided by the All American Soap Box Derby program.  The contestants are given an opportunity to learn basic skills of workmanship and to enhance their building expertise while creating their own style car. Winners of these levels of the local race become eligible to compete in the National Soap Box Derby races held in the district of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette) in Akron.  Prior to the national races, they attend a week of camps in Derbytown where they make lasting friendships while participating in a variety of sporting activities. The national races are held in July and give the participants a chance to win scholarships and merchandise prizes.  Mr. Speaker, this event has been called, and I quote, ``the greatest amateur racing event in the world.'' I am not sure that it is the greatest, but it is certainly one of the very best and certainly gives to young people the values of self-reliance, of enterprise, of innovation, and of competition.  This is a wonderful opportunity for our children from the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia to venture into the world of science while experiencing the spirit of competition.  I again thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Thompson) for their leadership in bringing this to the floor.  