Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman for his response, and let me assure the gentleman I did not think I questioned the gentleman's motives. I may question the results of actions we take, but I do not intend to question the majority leader's motives in any event. I do not think that would be appropriate nor do I do it, and if the gentleman took it to be that, I apologize because I do not question. I may have different motives of my own and I may not agree with him, but I do not question his motives. I may question his judgment. I may question that which is for or against but not his motives.  I am not going to prolong the discussion on this because we are going to have discussion about this next week, but I would like to make one example of something that we feel strongly about that the 9/11 Commission felt strongly about, which the bill at least that we have seen does not deal with.  One of the concerns which the Commission had was that we are not moving quickly enough or effectively enough to identify and to secure materials which could be used for the production of or creation of nuclear weapons, even dirty bombs. The Commission spoke to that directly. The Senate bill speaks to that, and the bill introduced in the House speaks to that, at least at the point yesterday, and I am not sure whether markups have occurred in committees. I guess, some committees, the answer to that is yes; some no, but that was not addressed. So, at least in that one instance, and I have got about 15 others but I am not going to prolong and go through those, that was not addressed in the gentleman's bill, while some other things that the commission did not deal with are addressed, and I understand my colleague's observation.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman would yield, first of all, I do not think this is a proper forum to debate the bill, and I am not prepared to debate the bill.  I have not personally been able to go over the volumes of work that has been done by 12 committees. So the provision that the gentleman may be speaking to, all I can tell him is that I remember in the list of things that were presented to me a day or so ago, it did address that very issue. I can go back and look at it, but the gentleman will have plenty of opportunity during the debate of this bill to debate the bill up or down, to amend it, to substitute for it, and the gentleman knows he can go before the Committee on Rules and ask for that kind of action.  