 Mr. Speaker, number one, I was the sponsor of the Federal Employee Pay Comparability Act back in 1990. We included it in the Treasury-Postal bill. It was signed by President George Bush. It was signed on the theory that we needed to pay Federal workers comparable wages to their private sector counterparts. In other words, if you are a scientist at NIH or if you are an FBI agent or if you are a CIA agent or you are a defense analyst, a civilian in the Defense Department, you would get paid comparably what your training and responsibilities required in the private sector. That was the whole theory. It was passed overwhelmingly in a bipartisan fashion. In fact, it is the law today.  My friend from Oklahoma has always opposed this adjustment. Always. This is not a new posture for my friend from Oklahoma. He simply does not believe in the comparability act and does not believe in compensating Federal employees fairly.  He talks about ECI. I wish my friend from Oklahoma would listen to these figures because I think he will find them interesting because he misrepresents what the facts are. I know he would be very interested.  Using 1969 as a base year of Federal service pay, average annual wage adjustments and CPI, which are all different figures, we specifically used wages because that is what we are competing with, not CPI. We are competing with wages in the Federal sector. Listen to this and I think you will be shocked.  Since 1969, if you take wages as the base, they are now at 614 percent. If you take CPI, it is at 509 percent over those 44 years. If you take civil service wages, they are 371.8. So they are still about 100 points behind the CPI adjustment, and they are 180 points behind what private sector wages have been adjusted. That is what this is about.  The Federal Salary Council under the law makes findings. They are in the Department of Labor. They make findings. Let me read their findings of this past year:  Based on calculations provided by the Office of Personnel Management, taking a weighted average of two sets of pay gaps, et cetera, the overall gap between base general schedule average salaries locality and non-Federal average salaries surveyed by BLS, the difference between private sector salaries and public sector salaries was 31.8 percent. In other words, for comparable responsibilities, Federal employees were making 31 percent less than their private sector counterparts.  The law said back in 1990 we get to 95 percent of private sector, saying that we are not going to put Federal employees on a par per se with the private sector but the objective is to get to 95 percent of what the private sector makes. We are not there.  The Federal council goes on to say that the overall average pay gap in 2003, including a current average locality rate of 12.12 percent, which of course we do not do, is 17.57 percent. This is the Federal pay council, out of OPM. Therefore, we recommend an overall average locality rate adjustment of 25.54 percent. That is in addition to the ECI.  Let us say the ECI was 1.5 percent which it is not, of course. It is higher than that, substantially, almost twice as much as that. But if we did that, then we would be talking about a 27 percent adjustment in Federal pay pursuant to the law which we have voted for, which the President signed.  The gentleman is shaking his head. He is inaccurate in shaking his head.  I will tell the gentleman further, to show him that he is inaccurate, the President of the United States last year came down and said in his recommendation 2 percent. The Congress gave 4.1 percent. Bush claimed last August he was saving taxpayers $13 billion, not from the 4.1 percent but fromthe 25 percent. In other words, the President of the United States adopted the premise that the law, in fact, said that the adjustment ought to be $13 billion additional to what the President recommended.  We are not standing here arguing for that proposition, but we are standing here for the proposition, as this Congress has done 17 out of the last 19 years, saying, look, we know we can't get there, but let us not send a message to those civilian employees arrayed in Afghanistan, civilian employees arrayed in Iraq, civilian employees arrayed in Colombia, at risk, NIH researchers, critically important to the health of this Nation, people working at NASA, let us not send them a message that they are second-rate citizens. Let us pay them comparably with what we want to adjust the military. And we ought to adjust the military. I am for that.  So I ask my friends, follow the law. But you do not have to follow all of the law, because if you followed all of the law we would break the bank. What we have said we are going to do is get to comparability. What we want to do in this resolution is to at least get to fairness. Support the Davis-Wolf-Hoyer resolution.  