Speaker, I thank the majority leader.  Mr. Leader, the transportation reauthorization, on a bipartisan basis today, as you know, we extended for 2 months. The surface transportation bill that would have been reauthorized last September was the final phase-out date, but we have extended that a number of times since then.  It is my understanding that a meeting at the White House is scheduled tomorrow, to which no Democrat Member has been invited, to decide theoverall size of the new transportation bill.  First of all, Mr. Leader, can I ask why are House and Senate Democrats not being included in the discussion about this job-creating legislation that is critical to our Nation, particularly in light of the fact that, as you well know, because you and I have been here for some period of time, historically, Mr. Shuster and his counterpart, in the latter years the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), worked hand in hand on this legislation; the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) have worked hand in hand on this legislation, as you know. We voted for it on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis. But now we, apparently, are not continuing to have discussions with reference to the level of funding on this bill on a bipartisan basis.  Can the majority leader inform me, and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) who was just on the floor, as to whether or not we might expect to be included in such meetings in the future, so that we could again go forward, as we have in the past on this particular bill, on a bipartisan basis?  Mr. Speaker, I again yield to my friend, the majority leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding, and I really cannot speak to any discussions the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) or the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) have had, either amongst themselves or with their Senate counterparts.  What I can tell the gentleman is that the Speaker, being Speaker of the House, is defending his prerogative to appoint conferees to represent the House. And before he takes that formal step, he would like to establish some general parameters, or understandings, with the President, getting some sense from the President of what kind of bill he will sign.  The Speaker is not negotiating with the President. The Speaker is holding a meeting of high-level, not committee-level people, putting together and trying to understand, because there has been some confusion as to what the President will or will not accept, before the Speaker appoints conferees.  