He certainly speaks for me, but I think he speaks for all of us.  In that vein, as I indicated to the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier) two weeks ago, as I indicated to the gentleman last week, while we apparently have a difference of opinion on the Senate bill, which is introduced here in a bipartisan fashion on this side of the Capitol, I believe that we have overwhelming support on this side for that proposition. In light of the fact that we are interested, as the gentleman says, in protecting America and implementing this legislation in as timely a fashion as possible, might it not be in pursuit of that objective advisable to allow that bill to be on the floor either in lieu of the bill that, frankly, has been marked up by my colleague's party exclusively?  I have talked to all of our ranking members on the committees that the gentleman talked to. All of them believe they have been informed of what was going on, but they were not participants in the drafting of the legislation. As a result, there may be greater contention than would be hopefully called for if, in fact, we want to pass the legislation as quickly as possible.  In addition, it is my understanding that there are substantial differences between the Senate bill and the House bill, which may require a very long conference, rather than short conference, if we do not pass something that is relatively compatible in the first instance.  I would be glad to yield to my friend.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman brings up many issues.  First and foremost, I do not know if the gentleman has been advised, but I would refer the gentleman to the votes of the committees that have been marking up this bill. If I do recall exactly what the vote was, it was a very bipartisan effort. I think and I hope that the bill that is coming to the House floor is very strongly supported by both sides.  In the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for instance, I think there was a 17-to-2 vote in passing that bill out. Now, 17 to two tells me that most of the Democrats and most of the Republicans voted for that bill. So I am very encouraged by the markups that we are having and the kind of support that the Democrats and Republicans are showing for the product that is being put together.  Having said that, the gentleman may support the bill that came out of the Senate committee. I looked at it. I think it is woefully lacking in sufficient reforms, particularly in immigration policy, border security, law enforcement. It basically is a bill that creates a national intelligence director and a counterterrorism center. There is more to protecting the American people than creating a new bureaucracy and keeping our borders safe, giving our law enforcement officials more tools to go after terrorists. There are many things that we need to be doing.  Having said that, the bill the gentleman refers to may not be the bill that comes out of the Senate because I have been informed that there are over 100 amendments, 100 amendments, filed for the debate in the other body. So who knows what that bill is going to look like when it comes out of the other body, and I think it would be highly irresponsible for this House to pick up something that came out of the Senate committee and bring it down here on the floor, unseen by most Members and not worked on by our committees, and just vote on it, up and down. I do not think that keeps the American people safer.  