Speaker, if the gentleman will yield, is that the movie in which the gentleman from Washington (Mr. McDermott) starred?  Mr. McDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, since 1994, when the Republicans created a Contract With America and said that they would pull the Tax Code up by the roots and simplify it, this Tom DeLay Congress and its tax-writing committee have added another 10,000 pages, which the minority whip has already pointed out, and lowered taxes on the most affluent among us. Overthe past 3 years, the Congress has watched 1 million jobs disappear, and what has it done? Well, first the Congress passed out lavish tax breaks to the millionaires so that they could send more money to Wall Street. Second, the House of Representatives sent the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means to Europe. While he was there, the Europeans said, because of the WTO's ruling, you Americans need to change your tax structure to make it easier for European products to compete with American ones. How did the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means respond? He told the Europeans he would like to help them out, but that they should impose tariffs on the American products first to get our attention. He thought that if they hit us, he could get something through the House.  Today, Mr. Speaker, the Europeans are imposing a 9 percent tariff on American products exported to Europe, our largest trading partner. These tariffs apply to some of our most sensitive products like agricultural goods that come from all across America, from Florida and from the Midwest. The Europeans are imposing tariffs on paper and wood products that come from the Pacific Northwest and from the American south. Just last month, to appease the Europeans, the House and Senate passed a bill to hike up taxes on U.S. companies who export American-made products to foreign markets. At the same time the House and Senate lowered taxes for U.S. companies that operate offshore.  And what do other Republican leaders have to say about this? Well, the chairman of the Committee on Rules came out here a few weeks ago and said he was happy that European tariffs were imposed, he was happy that this Congress was raising taxes on U.S. firms that operate in America, and he was happy that we were lowering taxes for U.S. firms that operate offshore. Check the Congressional Record, Mr. Speaker. My colleagues will find I am right. This is not hyperbole. I am not making this up. This man stood right over there and said it. This is the official Record as recorded by the House Clerk.  Mr. Speaker, our tax structure is one of the most competitive in the developed world. Our effective corporate tax rate is among the lowest in the developed world. Let me say that again. Our effective corporate tax rate is among the lowest in the developed world. Only 2 nations have lower effective tax rates than ours.  Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, despite the fact that we currently tax U.S. firms who operate overseas at a lower tax rate than those who operate on our own shore, the Republican Party has pushed through legislation in the House and Senate to again lower the tax rate that U.S. firms operating offshore will pay.  This country has lost 1 million jobs, and many of those were lost because they simply moved offshore. It is cheaper to operate over there. That is why they went, and the tax structure is set up so that it is cheaper for companies to move offshore and leave the American worker behind without a job.  The Republican Party's response to an increasingly connected global economy has been to make our Tax Code more complex and to lower taxes for U.S. companies that decide to move their operations offshore.  When is the Republican Congress going to do something right and something fair for the American people, Mr. Speaker? When is the Congress going to reform the Tax Code so U.S.-based firms are not put at a competitive disadvantage, compared to U.S. firms that move overseas?  Since the Republicans took control of the congressional tax-writing committee on which I sit, U.S. firms have moved overseas, Americans have lost their jobs, and we spend more time than ever trying to figure out our taxes, because of the 10,000 pages they have added.  Since the Republicans took control over the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Government finds itself in annual an $500 billion deficit. Now, that is real fiscal responsibility. We borrow nearly $500 billion every year from foreigners, from the Chinese, from the Saudis, from the Swiss. We are in hock to half the world.  Does the Republican Party expect to control the Congress based on this record over the last decade, Mr. Speaker? If they do not make some changes pretty quick, and those 2 silly bills they brought out here today did absolutely nothing to simplify; all they were was a piece of paper that said ``tax simplification'' across the top and the body of the text did nothing, nothing. There is not a single person in this country that will have an easier time on the 15th of next time because of the silly bills they passed out of here today.  Luckily, we only have 105 more days to suffer under these people. We are going to have a change when the Democrats take over this place.  Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentleman from Maryland for bringing this issue up and bringing it out here. It is late at night, but it is an issue that affects every single American, and the American people ought to know that we are thinking about it and want to change it.  