 This Resolution reiterates the overwhelming Congressional support for continued strong relations between the United States and India. And it notes India's commitment, under the Indian constitution, for universal suffrage; equality for all citizens, regardless of faith, gender, or ethnicity; and protections for freedom of speech, association and religion.  Our two nations are ``natural allies,'' as Prime Minister Vajpayee has stated. For while our alliance is relatively young, it has already begun to flourish based on our shared values and commitment to democratic principles.  In recognition of our growing relationship, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley) and I led a delegation of nine members of Congress to India in January.  During our trip, we were privileged to be received by a number of Mr. Vajpayee's Ministers and we engaged key policymakers in thoughtful discussions on issues ranging from Kashmir and Pakistan to this year's national elections in both India and the United States.  While we certainly discussed, and even debated, a number of issues on which our countries have legitimate differences, the lasting impressions were the broad areas of agreement and cooperation, and the strength and dynamism of the growing U.S.-India relationship.  Madam Speaker, the mutual respect demonstrated in these discussions was a clear sign of our maturing relationship and the trust between us.  For example, our armed forces now regularly participate in joint exercises involving all branches of the military, and the sale of U.S. military equipment to India approached $200 million last year.  In the immediate aftermath of the September 11 terrorist attacks, India pledged its full cooperation and offered the use of all its military bases for counterterrorism efforts. And India continues to play a key role in stabilization and reconstruction efforts in Afghanistan.  Our economic cooperation also is noteworthy. In fact, the nearly 60% increase in total trade between the United States and India since 1996 illustrates that.  With more than 1 billion citizens, India still faces many problems. And the increasing engagement with the United States will help India to address them.  