Speaker, the fact that we are on this floor today considering a resolution condemning outrageous conduct by American soldiers and perhaps some civilians against defenseless Iraqi detainees is an unmitigated and shameful embarrassment for this Nation. This abuse, which is as criminal as it is un-American, demands full accountability. And full accountability must be demanded not just at the bottom of the military chain of command, but for the highest ranking military and civilian officials who knew or should have known about this behavior and either turned a blind eye to it or failed to immediately address it.  Let us be clear. The buck should not and it must not stop with a 20-year-old enlisted man or woman who may well have thought they were acting within the framework of a psychology that permitted them to demean and deny basic decency of treatment to detainees.  Mr. Speaker, 43 years ago, I stood in front of this Capitol building as President Kennedy told the American people in one of the most famous inaugural addresses in our history that Americans, he said, are ``unwilling to witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this Nation has always been committed and to which,'' he said, ``we are committed today at home and around the world.''  Mr. Speaker, I believe we are still committed to those. That is the America that every Member of this body knows and loves; an America that stands for the rights and dignity of every human being; an American America that fights oppression, inhumanity, and intolerance wherever it rears its head.  This Congress, the elected representatives of 290 million Americans, must fulfill its constitutional duty as a co-equal branch of government and demand accountability for these criminal acts. This means that we must hold hearings so that the American people and all the world know the truth about this episode.  I am pleased to see the chairman of the committee is holding hearings. Some 4 days ago, he said they were not necessary and the leader of his party said they were not necessary. Those who perpetrated these criminal acts and those who created the environment in which such acts were thought to be acceptable should be, must be, held accountable.  Today we learn that the Secretary of Defense has known for months that prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan have been humiliated, beaten, tortured, and even murdered. Twenty-five prisoners have died in U.S. custody. And, still, there is virtually no accountability for those deaths. No House congressional inquiry, no presidential or secretarial condemnation, and no end.  The buck must stop somewhere. Private admonishments are not sufficient. Full public accountability must be demanded. If the Secretary of Defense failed to perform his duty, he should be held responsible. If anybody below him failed to perform their responsibility, they too should be held responsible, as should those perpetrators.  Mr. Speaker, it is nothing short of tragic that this indefensible conduct threatens to overshadow the extraordinary courage and sacrifice of our brave men and women in our Armed Forces. I have supported their efforts and supported the President in removing Saddam Hussein. We have liberated 25 million Iraqis from the clutches of a ruthless dictator. How proud we are of our men and women in uniform.  The only way we can remove that dark cloud that now hangs over their noble efforts is to ensure that those who have acted outside the law are required to answer to it and those who allowed it to go unchecked and unpunished are removed from positions of responsibility.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me say that the damage inflicted upon our image and standing in the world is incalculable. As Tom Friedman pointed out in the New York Times this morning, it has been quoted before but let me quote it again: ``We are in danger,'' he said, ``of losing something much more important than just the war in Iraq. We are in danger of losing America as an instrument of moral authority and inspiration in the world.''  I will offer a motion to recommit, which makes more clear our outrage and more pointed our demand for full investigation and responsibility. I urge my colleagues to support it.  I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  