Speaker, today, I pay special tribute to Army Specialist Jason Christopher Ford who was killed on March 13, 2004in Tikrit, Iraq. Army Specialist Ford epitomized the duty, valor and sacrifice that we honor in our members of the armed services.  Spc. Ford grew up in the Bladensburg, MD area. He was an optimistic young man who had an abiding love for his family. He was a good athlete--a swimmer, baseball player and avid bowler. Spc. Ford joined the U.S. Army in 2002 for the chance to travel. After completing basic training he was stationed in Germany and assigned to the 1st Battalion, 18th Infantry Regiment. In early March 2004 he was sent to Iraq. On March 13, 2004 while on patrol, an improvised explosive device exploded next to the Humvee Spc. Ford was riding in and he was killed.  Every day, the men and women of our armed services are exhibiting courage and making sacrifices ensuring that 25 million human beings who had been enslaved for a quarter of a century have been liberated. It is because of their courage and sacrifice that a dangerous dictator no longer menaces his own people or the world, but instead awaits the justice that he denied millions. And it is because of their courage and sacrifice that the universal aspirations of all men and women--freedom, democracy, and basic human rights--are being extended half a world away.  This generation of Americans, and future generations, are indeed blessed that when freedom's call came, brave Americans like Spc. Ford answered. We honor Spc. Ford's service to our country and his willingness to answer the call to duty. Today we say a special prayer for his family, friends and fellow soldiers. They must know that a grateful nation mourns their loss and shares their pain.  Daniel Webster, the noted orator, Member of Congress and Secretary of State, remarked nearly two centuries ago: ``God grants liberty only to those who love it and are always ready to guard and defend it.'' Army Specialist Jason Ford was ready and he defended liberty. Today we remember and we pay our respect to a beloved son, brother, friend, and now a fallen American patriot who has made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation and the principles for which we stand--liberty, justice, equality and decency.  