Speaker, some time ago we passed an act. It was called the PATRIOT Act. It was voted upon by the overwhelming majority of us. The objective then was to ensure the safety of democracy and the survival of freedom. That was the objective of the PATRIOT Act.  Now, there are many in this House, indeed the majority, who believed that there were provisions in that act that undermined democracy. The gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) and the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter) and others raised a very specific provision of that PATRIOT Act as undermining of our democracy, of our civil liberties, and of our freedom.  The vote was called on that amendment, and at the expiration of 15 minutes, the majority of the House indicated that they supported the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter), and others. And then the vote continued, and it continued, and it continued, for over twice as long as the Speaker of the House early this year indicated votes would be held; indeed, for 38 minutes.  Now, I say to my colleagues, let me remind my colleagues of the remarks of our Vice President in 1987, when a similar tactic was employed, and I am quoting the remarks of the Vice President of the United States, Richard Cheney, who at that point in time was a Member of this House. ``The Democrats,'' he said, ``have just performed the most grievous insult inflicted on Republicans in my time in the House, a vote held open for a shorter period of time.'' He went on to say that it was ``the most arrogant, heavy-handed abuse of power I have ever seen in the 10 years that I have been here.'' He went on to say, referring to the Speaker of the House of Representatives at that time, Jim Wright from the State of Texas, ``He is a heavy-handed son,'' and I will delete the next two words, ``and he doesn't know any other way to operate, and he will do anything he can to win at any price. There is no sense of comity left,'' said the Vice President, Dick Cheney, then a Member of the House of Representatives.  Perhaps he felt better after he said that.  But my friends, if you campaign on changing the tone in Washington, if your objective was to bring comity to this House, if your objective, by voting for the PATRIOT Act, was to protect democracy, then protect it here. Protect it here in the People's House. Protect it here where every one of you has an opportunity to say that we will have a fair vote in a fair time frame, and the majority will prevail, not the intimidated will prevail.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the sponsor of the amendment.  