Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I think that is very important for the House and for the American people, and we look forward to that discussion and the substitutes. As the gentleman knows, we will have the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Spratt), our ranking member, who will have a substitute. I expect the Black Caucus to have a substitute, and perhaps there will be some other substitutes as well. Certainly the Blue Dogs will have a substitute, all of which I think, in the gentleman's understanding of it, would be very substantive budget resolution proposals, and we anticipate them being made in order so we can debate each of those as well.  Mr. Speaker, one of the other aspects, as the majority leader knows, there has been a lot of discussion about enforcement mechanisms. We believe on this side of the aisle that enforcement mechanisms are critically important if we are going to get to balance at some time in the future, which is our objective and I think the gentleman's objective as well.  Can the gentleman tell me when and in what form enforcement mechanisms will be brought to the floor? I yield to the gentleman from Texas.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Obviously, the Committee on the Budget passed out a budget mechanism that will be considered by the Committee on Rules. I have no idea at this point in time when we could schedule such a thing. There are a lot of Members on our side and the gentleman's side that want to participate in this process that have a lot of good ideas. I think this issue needs to ripen a bit. The Committee on Rules claims some jurisdiction in this regard and they want to look at and mark up their own bill.  This is a process that actually just got started yesterday by the Committee on the Budget marking up a bill and moving it out of their committee, so I really cannot say. I do not know when is the earliest. We have a pretty full schedule next week and the following week and then, as the gentleman knows, we break for the spring district work period. But it is vitally important, everybody wants to bring fiscal discipline to the budget process and show that this House can have fiscal responsibility, and we think that is an important bill and we will bring it to the floor as soon as it is ready.  