 Lastly, I would say to the leader we understand this morning that the National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice briefed the Republican Conference. I want to say that we have been offered the opportunity to have the National Security Adviser brief the Democratic Caucus. I think we will take advantage of that. But, Mr. Leader, clearly the present situation in Iraq is not what any of us would want.  During the course of this effort in Iraq, and immediately before it, we had briefings on this floor. Secretary Rumsfeld and from General Myers, from Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz, from Mr. Tenet, the Director of the CIA, from Mr. Mueller of the FBI, numerous others. And we came together as Republicans and Democrats and had the opportunity to be briefed. We had theopportunity together to ask questions. Some of those, as my colleague knows, were in closed session because we discussed security information.  I want to say to my friend that we were disappointed that we did not do that this morning. Both of our caucuses are partisan; they represent parties. We were disappointed that this briefing was given on a partisan basis. We do not think that is in the best interest of the country; we do not think it is in the best interest of this Congress.  Mr. Leader, I would urge you to, on behalf of your leadership, join with us in assuring that, A, we have a number of bipartisan briefings from the principals involved as to what is going on. Our public is concerned, my colleague's people, my people, very concerned about what is happening to our troops, very concerned about our success in Iraq. I say that, as my friend knows, as one of those who supported the effort, supported the funding of this effort. But all of us have to be concerned about the situation.  So I would ask the leader if he might comment on the fact that we have historically had under Democratic leadership, Republican leadership, bipartisan briefings. I would hope that we could continue to have such. As I say, I think it is in the best interest of the country.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding. I can appreciate his disappointment, but I need to point out to the gentleman that this is not limited to Republicans. The gentleman has already said that Dr. Rice would gladly brief his caucus. Just as the President meets with bipartisan leadership, he has meetings with bipartisan Members of Congress, he also has meetings with Republicans. And he has on occasion had meetings with Democrats. This is not limiting or closing out anybody. It is just in this particular case we invited the NSC director to speak to the Republican Conference.  We have had and have notified your leadership that bipartisan briefings will be held by the NSC director as bipartisan meetings, as the gentleman has pointed out, have been held by the Secretary of Defense, the Chiefs of Staff, the CIA, and many, many others. It is just an added briefing that we felt we wanted to have. And certainly, the NSC director made sure that the same courtesy was paid to the Democratic Caucus, and she is more than willing to come before the Democratic Caucus.  No one is trying to be shut out, but there are times when our caucus wants to talk to this administration and we ought to be allowed to do that as long as we get briefings and open briefings in a bipartisan way as well.  