Speaker, the Republicans in this House believe if you say something enough, long enough, somebody somewhere will believe it. I have heard on this floor somebody refer to the famous Russell Long, who said, ``Don't tax me. Don't tax thee. Tax the man behind the tree.'' They did so, of course, properly with derision, and the public who hears that must hear it with derision as well; but my friends, the Republicans have found out how to do that; and during the 8 years of the Reagan administration, they plunged this Nation deeper and deeper and deeper into debt, and during the 4 years of the Bush One administration, they plunged this country deeper, deeper, deeper into debt.  And then in 1993 those Republicans who were here came on the floor and said those Democrats are proposing a program that will plunge us deeper into debt, cause large unemployment and destroy our economy. You have heard me say it before on the floor. They were 180 degrees wrong, absolutely, incontrovertibly wrong. And they are wrong today.  The Republicans have said charge overseas. Spend more money overseas, $25 billion in a bill just yesterday. Did we pay for it? We did not. Who was the man behind the tree who will pay for it? My three daughters and my three grandchildren. They are the man behind the tree. They will pay this bill, because you continue to spend. You spend more than was spent before. You create more debt than was created before. In fact, in the last 4 years of the Clinton administration, we never once raised the debt. Not once. Because we had a responsible economic policy. But you will raise it $2.1 trillion in 4 years. That is a pretty stark difference, my friends.  What the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) says is we need to invest in America. If we are going to invest overseas, if we need to help the people in Iraq, that is fine, but do not leave behind America's children. Do not leave behind America's veterans. Do not leave behind America's infrastructure while we help those overseas.  That is what the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) is saying. And the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) is saying, yes, we have a problem. Terrorism needs to be confronted, needs to be defeated, and America needs to be kept safe. So what does the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) say?  Let us follow what the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), the Republican chairman of the Committee on Appropriations and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), the Democratic ranking member, said we ought to do 2 years ago: invest further funds in the safety of our people here in America. Invest in homeland security.  Mr. Speaker, we have heard it and the public has heard it. Eighty-three percent of the small businesses are going to be affected by that. That is baloney, baloney. That is the politest word I can think to use at this present period of time. The IRS says there are 3.8 percent of small businesses who claim more than $1 million in taxable income. That is almost as much of a mistake as you made on your Medicare bill and almost as much of a mistake as this administration made in terms of telling us how much their Medicare bill was going to cost. They only missed by 25 percent.  And we heard about waste, fraud, and abuse, as if somebody else is in charge of Washington. For 40 months, 40 months, the Republicans have had the Presidency, the Senate, and the House; and there is still waste in Washington.  What is wrong with your administration? We have a larger infrastructure than we had when you took office. You talk about smaller government. It was smaller under President Clinton.  Mr. Speaker, vote for the Obey amendment. Vote for honesty and investment in America and Americans.  