Speaker, I join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in urging the Members of this House to support this important Resolution.  As I remarked in a speech on trade relations nearly four years ago, the most powerful nation on earth cannot ignore the most populous nation of earth. The United States, in my view, must use its best efforts to move the People's Republic of China toward democratic reform, market economics and the rule of law.  However, even as we seek to engage the People's Republic on issues of mutual interest and concern, we have a continuing obligation, in my view, to hold the communist regime in Beijing accountable for its unjustified and indefensible human rights violations.  Just today, Mr. Speaker, the Washington Post reported that China has detained a group of Hong Kong residents--including at least three British citizens--and has begun to prosecute them on espionage charges.  One of the British citizens charged is accused of, among other things, discussing he 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre with a British agent.  And it remains unclear how these British citizens are being prosecuted under Chinese law for activities that allegedly took place in Hong Kong before China resumed control of that territory.  And just last week, the State Department's 2003 Human Rights Report Scored Beijing on this issue. The report stated:  ``We began 2003 with hopes that the incremental but unprecedented progress in China seen in 2002 would be continued and expanded; however, throughout the year, we saw backsliding on key human rights issues. Arrests of democracy activists, individuals discussing subjects deemed sensitive by the Government on the Internet, HIV/AIDS activists, protesting workers, defense lawyers advocating on behalf of dissidents or the dispossessed, house church members and others seeking to take advantage of the space created by Chinese reforms increased.''  In short, this Resolution urges the United States to introduce a resolution at the 60th Session of the U.N. Human Rights Commission that calls on China to end its human rights violations and to meet internationally recognized standards for human rights.  Furthermore, it states that the United States should take the lead in organizing support for the passage of such a resolution, and that American officials continue to speak out against religious and political persecution in China, as well as coercive family planning practices, forced labor camps, the forced repatriation of North Korean nationals and other abuses.  Mr. Speaker, I thank our colleagues from New Jersey (Mr. Smith) for introducing this Resolution. And I urge all my Members to support it.  The People's Republic has made great economic progress over the last half century. But its persistent pattern of human rights abuses is a dark stain on its record. As a beacon of liberty and democracy, we have an obligation to ensure that it is held accountable for such abuses.  