 Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman sees it a little differently than I do. The gentleman says there was no consultation on this particular resolution. Nothing could be further from the truth. This leader asked the chairman of the Committee on Armed Services to write a resolution on an event that started 1 week ago, so we could not do it much sooner than this week.  At the beginning of this week, we asked the Committee on Armed Services to write a resolution and admonished the chairman to reach out to the Democrats and the ranking member in order to write that resolution. The staff and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter) worked diligently together and came up with a draft yesterday that was sent to legislative counsel. That draft was given then to the leadership, to the minority leader's office, to the Speaker's office, and to my office for consultation.  The minority leader's office came back and wanted to eliminate two clauses in the resolution. I would be glad to read the gentleman the clauses they wanted to eliminate, and it was very surprising to us that the minority leader wanted to remove two clauses congratulating the good work done by our troops in Iraq, and the minority leader wanted to add an additional clause that had nothing to do with the tone or the substance of the resolution.  We rejected adding a clause that had nothing to do with the tone or substance of the resolution and offered to remove the two clauses that they had objections to. That is when they walked away from the table, asked the ranking member to remove his name from the resolution, and that is the resolution that came to the floor.  I do not know how much more bipartisan we can get than that. Unfortunately, some people's definition of bipartisan is to buy into our partisanship or we will go home and not negotiate. That is exactly what happened in this process. If the gentleman has another way of reaching out and working together where we can come to some resolution, than I am more than open to working out a way to get these very important resolutions, as the gentleman says, to the floor in a bipartisan way.  But I also point out to the gentleman that only 50 Members of this House, including the minority leader and the gentleman voted against this resolution; 365 Members voted for this resolution, and I call that bipartisan.  