Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I thank all of you for participating in this program. It is important for America that you do so. You have gotten, obviously, something from this program, perhaps a great deal, but, in my opinion, America is getting more from this program.  The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee), who has served on this board for longer than any other Member and with whom I served on the board for a short period of time, observed that you have been given a unique privilege, an insight into democracy that few Americans get. They see us on C-SPAN, they read about us in the newspaper, they see short clips, the 30 seconds or the 15 seconds, but you know better than almost all of your colleagues, your peers, that that 30-second clip is not necessarily the truth of what happens.  You have seen firsthand the dedication of Members. You have seen firsthand, as the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee) pointed out, and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus) has as well, that those of us who have the great honor and privilege of serving here are just like you but a little older.  You are all different. You have different points of view. I am sure you have had discussions about some of the issues that you have heard debated on this floor. You have seen that in your own peer group that you differ, and that, in fact, probably each of you reflects to some degree some of the sentiment expressed on this floor and you agree with that. And you will find the gal sitting next to you say that, no, I do not agree with that; I think X was right and not Y.  That is the glory of our democracy, that we have created an institution in which the different points of view can come together and be discussed and be debated. You have seen that sometimes that debate becomes relatively heated and passionate, and it is because the issues discussed on this floor are very important and impact on all of us, but on you particularly, because you will live longer under the policies that we adopt today than the rest of us, at least on average.  You have been given a special opportunity, and I would hope that you would feel that that comes with a particular responsibility. One of the concerns that those of us who are older have is that those of you who are younger do not participate in very high levels, at least in percentages, of impacting on the decisions we make in our democracy. The way most citizens impact on those decisions is, obviously, through voting in elections. Young people, as all of you know, do not vote at a very high percentage. That is of concern.  I want to read you something that was said by an Englishman. He said, ``We live in an age when to be young and to be indifferent can be no longer synonymous.'' Think of that. ``To be young and indifferent,'' he said, can no longer be synonymous. We must prepare for the coming hour. The claims of the future are represented by suffering millions; and the youth of a nation are the trustees of prosperity.''  That was said by a gentleman who was the Prime Minister of Great Britain, Benjamin Disraeli. He said that in 1845. It is true today. It is true, in fact, as, again, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee) pointed out, in every generation.  We had a dedication to perhaps some of your grandfathers, the World War II Memorial, and perhaps your grandmothers as well who were called by Tom Brokaw the Greatest Generation. But, in fact, as Roosevelt indicated and as the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee) pointed out, every generation is called upon to make its contribution.  In some generations, the challenge is greater than it is in others. In World War II, we lost 60 million people in the world. 60 million. 407,000 Americans killed in that war. We are engaged in another war today in your generation and in my generation, a war on terrorism. It calls upon a lot of young people and some middle-aged people, your parents' age, perhaps, in the Reserve or National Guard, to be deployed overseas, to confront those who would undermine our democracy and our security and our safety. And very soon, very, very soon, you will be called upon to be on the front line, perhaps not overseas but here certainly.  So I would ask you to take from this House, from this well and this room that we call the People's House, to which one can only come by election, we just had a debate on that this week that you will recall, and I hope that you will go back and you will talk to your friends, perhaps your brothers and your sisters, your schoolmates, your peers, and tell them what you have seen.  My experience has been that when I was president of the Maryland Senate, and we had a page program there, was that invariably those who were pages in the Senate, and my experience has been here with pages who have served in this House, that you leave with a more positive view than when you came. That does not mean that you have a rose-colored version of the House of Representatives. It is, after all, peopled by, as I said, people like you, with some strengths, some weaknesses, some faults and some extraordinarily good points.  So I urge all of you to return to your schools, return to your homes, return to your communities and spread the word about the fact that democracy works, that your participation makes a difference, and that in the final analysis, if democracy is to work well, if it is to work as our Founding Fathers conceived it, it will be because we all participate.  Good luck and God bless you. Thank you very much for your service.  