Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I want to rise and thank the chairman and the ranking member for accepting the amendment that I offered in full committee on torture, and I want to speak just for a few minutes on that amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the American people watched with shock and horror, as all of us did, as the photos of physical and psychological abuse being inflicted upon Iraqi detainees at the hands of U.S. military personnel were broadcast for the world to see.  Many Members of the House have subsequently expressed their outrage, frankly, and disgust at the acts of torture that took place at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.  Some, Mr. Chairman, believe there has been an overreaction, that we are spending too much time on this issue.  Mr. Chairman, I disagree with that view. We must move beyond the mere expressions of outrage, and we must uncover the facts surrounding the torture that occurred at Abu Ghraib, and perhaps at other places as well.  Why? To undermine our efforts in Afghanistan and Iraq? Absolutely not.  To in any way cast doubt on the integrity, courage and good conduct of the thousands of men and women who wear our uniform? Absolutely not.  But we must do so, Mr. Chairman, to emphatically affirm the values for which we fight. These actions represent a grave breach of decades of international and domestic law, and those involved in allowing or in creating an atmosphere in which such actions may seem to be condoned must be held as accountable as those who perpetrated them.  Does a 20-year-old army private decide to put a dog leash on a nude Iraqi detainee and parade him in front of the others and photograph him? I think not.  Do young military guards decide to release guards on detainees? I hope not and I think not.  Secretary Rumsfeld's recent admission of his own violation of the Geneva Convention ordering the secret detention of an Iraqi prisoner for 7 months raises serious questions about the extent of the coordination of the treatment of prisoners of war and detainees in Iraq, Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay.  The international reaction to these actions damaged our standing in the world. It has undermined our credibility. It has made the already difficult job of securing a broader coalition of support in Iraq and achieving our objectives in Iraq, which I have consistently supported and support to this day, it makes that more difficult, and it has increased the danger of Americans in Iraq and around the world.  While it is true that torture is a clear violation of American and international law, that is not the reason that the United States of America renounces its use.  While it is true that torture undermines our credibility and increases the danger to any Americans traveling abroad, that is not the reason that we renounce its use.  While it is true that torture produces entirely unreliable information, that is not the reason that we renounce its use.  In fact, in a field manual 3452, a 1992 field manual still in force and serves as a basic primer for students and instructors in the army that outlines the Army's doctrine for conducting interrogations, it in the final analysis says this: Imagine that a technique was being applied to American prisoners of war, and ask yourself if it would be consistent with U.S. law. If a doubt still remains as to the legality of a proposed action, seek a legal opinion from your servicing judge advocate.  In other words, do not do these things if you think they would violate U.S. law.  There is another standard that was set forth in a manual of the Army which I thought made a lot of common sense. And it said to them if you would not want an American detainee or prisoner treated in the way you are treating a prisoner, do not do it.  Mr. Chairman, the United States of America renounces the use of torture and mistreatment of prisoners of war and other detainees because it is contrary to the principles upon which the Nation was founded, contrary to our commitment to human rights, and contrary to the value we place on the dignity of all people.  