Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Before yielding back my time and with the leader on the floor, Mr. Leader, I have said this before, I mean it as sincerely as I can say it: this side of the aisle intends to participate to the extent we are allowed in a bipartisan way to put forth and enhance the interests of this country.  There are many of us on this side of the aisle who are supportive of our efforts in Iraq. We now have had, unfortunately, two instances, the instance we just dealt with today and the instance of support of the troops some weeks ago, in which essentially this side of the aisle was not included in those deliberations. This is not an issue about process. It is an issue about substance because substantively we want to project to the world the unanimity that you have indicated on the floor you would like to effect as well.  In light of that, Mr. Leader, I would respectfully request that as we consider issues of great importance and gravity as it relates to the prosecution of our efforts in fighting terrorism and in Iraq, efforts which we ought to be united on notwithstanding our differences in terms of implementation and success of our troops and our objectives, that you and the leaders on your side of the aisle give us the time and the opportunity to be included so that they may in fact be, notwithstanding the votes, but in actuality be bipartisan. I thank the gentleman for consideration of that.  We have been disappointed that that has not occurred. We have lamented that fact on numerous pieces of legislation. We do not believe it is in the best interest of the American public; but when we are dealing with domestic issues, that is not as important. But it is critically important in dealing with the issues of international policy of our troops abroad, their safety, security, and the support we give to them. So we would urge that those items perhaps be treated more sensitively as it relates to the interests of the minority and the role of the minority in forging those resolutions and policy statements. I appreciate the majority leader's consideration of that request.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield?  