Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton), and I want to thank my friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon). There is nobody in this Congress, there is nobody in this country who has fought any more vigorously for firefighters, paid and volunteer, than the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon). It is an honor to work with him on these issues. I understand his passion, and I thank him for his work on behalf of the fire service of this country.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this conference agreement which supports our men and women in the Armed Forces and provides for the security of this Nation. It also specifically, of course, provides for the training and equipping of our troops engaged in the war on terrorism.  I am also pleased that this legislation contains a provision to reauthorize the assistance to the firefighters grant program. I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), and I want to thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) on the fire service provisions in this bill for their support of that and for their leadership on this effort.  I also want to wish the gentleman from New York (Mr. Boehlert), who has been such a fighter on behalf of the fire services, a speedy recovery from his heart surgery. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Smith), the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Andrews), all mentioned by my friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) and their staffs have worked hard on this measure and their leadership for our Nation's fire and emergency service personnel and is appreciated by all.  I also want to thank my own staffer, Geoff Plague, who sits here with me, for his untiring and focused work on behalf of firefighters.  I am particularly pleased that this measure returns jurisdiction over the grant programs to the U.S. Fire Administration, which was widely praised for the effective manner in which it administered the program during its first 3 years. Last year, over the objections of many in this Congress, the program was moved and is now being returned, and I think that is to the benefit of the program. Again, I want to thank the gentleman from California (Chairman Hunter) and the gentleman from Missouri (Ranking Member Skelton) for their support in this effort.  While this is one of the most critical challenges our government faces today and one for which we have consistently sought increased levels of funding, it is not the objective of the Fire Grant program itself.  I also want to thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) for his untiring efforts on behalf of our men and women in uniform, not only those who are on the front lines at the point of the spear, but also those who are here at home ready, willing, and able to go to support our efforts, to defeat terrorists, and to bring international security. The gentleman's work on behalf of those men and women has been extraordinary and appreciated by them. Again, Mr. Speaker, I intend to support this conference report, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work to bring it to the floor before we leave and recess or adjourn for the elections.  