Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I will simply observe that although the votes may have been bipartisan, and I will tell my colleague very honestly, there is no confusion over here on the timing of this bill. The gentleman expects Democrats to either vote for it or to be attacked about being against protecting the American people if they vote against it. We went through the creation of a bureaucracy, the Homeland Security Department. I voted against it. I think it was not what was needed. What was needed was the coordination of information. I said that at the time.  The commission in a bipartisan way has said that is what is needed. We still know that there is not the kind of coordination of information gathering, analysis and recommendation for implementation of action based upon the information gathered that we would like to have. The 9/11 Commission found that.  Furthermore, the 9/11 Commission, as I understand it, has indicated support of the Senate bill as it came out of committee.  Now, there are obviously a lot of other things that need to be dealt with, including items that are either in the PATRIOT Act or could have been in the PATRIOT Act. Those items in some respects are very controversial. One of the problems, very frankly, that we have found in getting legislation passed, as the gentleman knows, in a relatively short period of time has been the addition of very controversial items, not necessarily related directly to what the 9/11 Commission had recommended, and because of the controversial nature of those additions, as it has occurred in other legislation, will slow that legislation down.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman would yield, the gentleman obviously did not read the 9/11 Commission recommendations because many of those recommendations were very general in nature, very unspecific. Yet, we took their recommendations in those areas and did actual detailed pieces oflegislation, much beyond what the 9/11 Commission even envisioned because they did not have the expertise to recommend specific items.  It is unfortunate the gentleman questions my motive, but I must tell the gentleman that ever since the 9/11 Commission has come out we have reached out to any Democrat who is willing to work on this issue. Those Democrats that have been willing to work on those issues, we have been working with them, and I have not been privy to every discussion or every meeting on this issue, particularly within the committees, but I think if my colleague will go back and check with his ranking members, those who wanted to work on the legislation were more than just informed. They have a very big part to play, particularly in the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on International Relations. So we worked with the willing Democrats that wanted to work on this issue rather than to have a political issue, and they had a very big part to play in it. I think that is reflected in the kinds of votes we are getting coming out of committee.  