President, I thank the Senator from Minnesota.  I think he has raised a number of important issues and several that I agree with. During my 3 years in the Senate, I have consistently stated, along with the Senator from Minnesota, that we must do more. It is a moral imperative that we do more in terms of the Head Start Program, child care programs, and the variety of domestic needs that the Senator from Minnesota is talking about. To build support in America for additional funding for those programs, we ought to go to taxpayers and show them that with programs such as Ed-Flex we are squeezing more value out of the existing $12 billion that we are spending.  There is no quarrel between the Senator from Minnesota and I about the need for additional funding for these programs. It is absolutely essential. We also happen to agree about eliminating some of the tax boondoggles and get the money. But, if we are going to get support from the American people for additional funding, it seems to me we ought to pass the bipartisan Ed-Flex bill and show that we are squeezing existing value out of the current spending, get dollars out of bureaucracy and get them into the classroom.  The one point I would differ with my friend from Minnesota on, and I am happy to discuss this with him, is that in the weeks and weeks that we have been debating on the floor of the Senate, there has not been one example given of how much this program has been abused in the past. This program is operating in 12 States in the country in countless communities, and we are told now we are taking a step backwards with respect to this program though there has not been one example put before the Senate of how this program is being abused.  We have plenty of examples of how it works. The fact is, there is one very close to this Capitol Building. Just a few miles from here in Howard County, for example, they have reduced class size by one half. They did not do that by spending extra dollars. You already heard the Senator from Minnesota and I agree on that point. We ought to spend additional funds to reduce class size. But a few miles from here they have reduced class size with existing funds.  So we have examples of how this program works. Yet we are told this is a big step backwards while there has not been one example, not one, of how this program has been abused though it has been in place since 1994 in 12 States. It does not change any of the core requirements of title I--civil rights laws, labor laws, safety laws; all the things that are important for vulnerable children, that the Senator from Minnesota and I agree on, are kept in place. What this is going to do, as it did in my home State of Oregon, is make it possible for poor kids, who could not get advanced computing because of Federal redtape, to use Ed-Flex so they can get those skills and get the high-wage, high-skilled jobs the Senator from Minnesota and I want to see poor kids get.  I am very hopeful we will see overwhelming support today for this legislation. I think by showing you can use existing dollars more effectively, this is going to lay the groundwork for the objective the Senator from Minnesota and I would like to see, which is additional support for Head Start, child care programs, domestic programs.  I look forward, after we pass Ed-Flex and after it works, not talking about who is wrong between the Senator from Minnesota and I, but talking about how we can join together and get additional support for Head Start, child care programs, and these domestic needs, because we can go to the American taxpayer and show that, with Ed-Flex, we use existing dollars in a more efficient way so we build more credibility with them for domestic services.  I look forward to working with my colleague towards those ends. I thank him for giving me the time. He feels strongly about it. I do as well.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator from Minnesota.  