President, I do not intend to object. But I have been trying now for almost 2 years on this very important legislation to deal with a very serious problem my constituents have brought to my attention dealing with the loophole-ridden Death On The High Seas Act.  We had families at home in Oregon lose loved ones in international waters as a result of a situation where a Korean freighter ran them over. I have been repeatedly assured in the Senate Commerce Committee that we would have an opportunity on the floor of the Senate to remedy this great injustice. In fact, Chairman McCain had agreed with me previously to work to reform the Death On The High Seas Act to ensure that victims of maritime accidents would have the same rights as those provided to victims of aviation accidents under the FAA bill.  I have been extremely patient with respect to this matter. I have indicated on at least two occasions that I would not offer the amendment. I do not intend to do it now because the FAA legislation is of such extraordinary importance. But I want to make it clear to the Senate that at the next available opportunity, I am going to do everything I can to ensure that these victims of these maritime tragedies--tragedies in international waters where very often they are run over by foreign freighters and left at sea languishing for hours and hours--actually have a remedy. They do not today. It is a grave injustice.  We have discussed this at considerable length in the Senate Commerce Committee. In fact, we even made changes in the Death on the High Seas Act in the past without addressing this particular issue.  I do not intend to hold up the consideration of the FAA legislation because it is so important, but I want to make it very clear to the Senate that at the next available opportunity, we are going to debate this on the floor of the Senate. We are going to have an up-or-down vote on it. My colleagues are now aware of that.  Mr. President, I withdraw my reservation.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  