President, the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts has given, in my view, a very important address to the U.S. Senate. I want to take a few minutes and try to respond to a number of points. The Senator has made a number of points that I certainly agree with as a Democratic sponsor of this legislation, along with the Republican sponsor, Senator Frist. But there are a number of areas where I think the record indicates that we ought to take another look.  For example, the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts has said that, in some way, the States are being free riders here, that they are asking the Federal Government to waive various regulations, but the States are somehow not willing to do that. As our colleagues will see on page 6, line 7, it is specifically required that the States are willing to do some heavy lifting and also be part of this effort to show that they are going to try to ratchet out of their systems some of the foolish bureaucracy. This ought to be a two-way street and I think the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts is absolutely right in insisting on that. What is thus required today, the legislation spells out on page 6, line 7, that the States are not going to be able to be free riders. They are going to have to waive some of these mindless regulations as well. I think that is an important point for the U.S. Senate to consider as we go forward.  Now, another area that has been raised is this question of smaller class size. I think the Senator from Massachusetts again is absolutely right in saying that we do need additional funds to reduce class size in America. I have, on several occasions, voted for just those kinds of measures to provide additional funds to reduce class size. But I think it is important to note that Ed-Flex, now in 12 States, is helping us to reduce class size using existing law. The Senator from Massachusetts is correct; we do need additional funds to reduce class size, but let us not pass up the opportunity to use existing law, existing Ed-Flex opportunities to reduce class size. For our colleagues who would like to have a good example of how Ed-Flex helps to reduce class size, we can turn to the Phelps Luck elementary school in Howard County, MD. There they put a special priority on reducing class size with their Ed-Flex waiver. They were able to lower the student-teacher ratio from 25-to-1 to 12-to-1.  As we go forward with efforts to try to get additional funding that we need to reduce class size in America, which we know is so critical in improving student performance, let us not pass up the opportunities to use the Ed-Flex program to make it possible with existing dollars to reduce class size in America.  Third, Mr. President and colleagues, there have been questions raised about whether the dollars are going to get to the neediest children, and particularly with respect to title I, which is one of the seven programs that are eligible for Ed-Flex but certainly is an especially important program to all of us.  What we have done--and we have outlined it here--is we have kept in place every single one of the core requirements with respect to title I protecting our neediest kids. It is off the table, folks, in terms of waiving any of those core requirements. You can't do it; it is off the table. And although it is hard for Members of the U.S. Senate to see these charts, we specifically outline the requirements that cannot be waived.  In addition, with respect to title I--I think there is some confusion perhaps at this point with respect to how the Ed-Flex funds can be used--under current law, you can only put those dollars into low-income school districts. That is the only place they can go. We keep that requirement. So today, and under this Ed-Flex legislation that is before the U.S. Senate, it is not possible to flex any dollars away from a program to help low-income youngsters and send them packing to another district that will not need them as much.  I would like to spend a little bit more time on this question of accountability, because this is an area where the sponsors of the legislation have been very open to trying to address the concerns of those who have begun to look at this program and may not have been familiar with it in the past.  But I want to say that we have made six changes in the legislation since it came out of the Senate Labor Committee last year by a 17 to 1 margin. In addition to the public notice and opportunities for citizen comments that the distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Jeffords, touched on, there are requirements for specific measurable goals, which include student performance, which Senator Kennedy is right to focus on. There are reports that would be required for the Congress every 2 years on how the Ed-Flex States are doing.  And then I am especially pleased that we have required now that a State review a State content and performance standard twice: First when it is decided that the State is eligible to participate, and again when deciding whether or not to grant approval for the waiver. This makes it clear that a State must be in compliance with title I. If it is not in compliance with title I, it isn't going to get a waiver. If at any point it has been given a waiver and it is not in compliance with title I, the Secretary has the authority to come forward and revoke it.  So the accountability provisions have been especially important to the sponsors of this legislation. And this idea that somehow Ed-Flex has relaxed the standard is simply not true on the basis of the clear language of the bill. These requirements are kept in place. We have added six requirements for accountability since the legislation came out of committee.  I would like to wrap up by giving the U.S. Senate an example of how I got into this issue, because I think it is important to get beyond some of the rhetorical arguments about this legislation and talk about real people, real people who benefit, especially the low-income kids of our country.  We have a high school about an hour from my hometown in Portland. They wanted poor kids to get help with advanced computing. The problem was that the school didn't have the instructors who could teach advanced computing and they didn't have the equipment. So under current law, those youngsters, low-income youngsters, wouldn't have had the opportunity to pick up those skills to put them on the path to high-skill, high-wage jobs.  But in this rural district an hour from my home town is a community college just a short distance away that would make it possible, with instructors and equipment, for those poor kids to get help with advanced computing. So instead of students who couldn't get what they needed without additional funds, without additional redtape and bureaucracy, what this town did in rural Oregon was simply say we are going to use the dollars that we aren't equipped for at the local high school to make sure that the kids get advanced computing at a community college just a short distance away.  That is what Ed-Flex is all about--taking this regulatory straitjacket off some of the thousands and thousands of school districts across the country. They can't use the money for pork barrel projects. They can't use it to waive standards. They have to comply with accountability. But they can teach advanced computing to poor kids. That is why it is going to make a difference when we extend this to 50 States.  I am looking forward to working with our friend and distinguished colleague, Senator Kennedy, who knows so much about this issue, on his amendment with respect to the achievement standards. My understanding is we are getting fairly close on that. I want to make sure, in particular, that we can incorporate what the schools call the student performance standards, so it includes some of the things like dropout rates and issues like that in addition to the tougher test scores. But I think Senator Jeffords spoke for all of us a minute or soago where I think we are getting close, and I want Senator Kennedy to know that we are going to go forward in good faith and try to work that amendment out.  Finally, the last point I want to make deals with the parental involvement issue. We keep in place all requirements for parental involvement--all of it. But it seems to me, Mr. President, and colleagues, that if we are talking about the best way to get folks involved in a convenient, accessible kind of way, it is to have these Ed-Flex programs that empower local communities to set up opportunities for folks to participate.  I know that people in rural areas who are 3,000 miles away from Washington, DC, find it a lot harder to come to one of the useful hearings and forums that are held by the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts. I can get to them. I find them very, very useful. But I can tell you that folks in rural Oregon would much rather be empowered to participate at the local level than to try to say we are going to in some way skew more of the parental involvement back to Washington, DC.  At the end of the day, what Ed-Flex is all about is a third path with respect to Federal-State relations. We now have two camps on this issue. There is one camp that says only the Federal Government has the answer, that those folks at the local level can't chew gum and walk at the same time, do not trust them, and run these programs at the Federal level. Then there are a group of people 180 degrees the other way. They say that everything the Federal Government touches turns into toxic waste, just give us all the money at the local level, and we can't possibly do any worse with those dollars than the Federal Government does.  What Ed-Flex is all about--and in Oregon, particularly with Senator Hatfield's leadership, we have done it in health, in welfare, with the environment--what we have said is that Ed-Flex is a third path. And we have told the Federal Government, in areas where we have received waivers, that we will meet all the requirements of the Federal laws, all of them, and the Federal Government can hold us accountable; but in return for that commitment to comply with all of the Federal laws, give us in Oregon the chance to tailor the approaches that we are using to meet the individual needs of our community.  I feel very strongly that poor kids need the funds that are available under title I. I will fight as hard as any Member of the Senate to make sure that there is no compromise there. But I do think that in coming up with approaches to best meet the needs of kids at the local level with respect to title I, what works in rural Oregon is going to be different than what works in the Bronx, and the opportunity to get away from that one-size-fits-all approach while holding communities accountable is what Ed-Flex is all about.  So I think this is an important debate. I said earlier most Americans have no idea what Ed-Flex is all about. I bet a lot of people at this point think Ed-Flex is a guy who is teaching aerobics at the local health club. We are going to have to spend some time talking about this issue to show why it is actually beneficial in the real world in terms of serving poor kids and meeting the needs of the communities. I think we can do that.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  