President, I am pleased that last night the Senate adopted the Abraham-Wyden New Millennium Classrooms Act as an amendment to the reconciliation tax bill. Senator Abraham and I have worked on many technology issues together as members of the Senate Commerce Committee.  The New Millennium Classrooms Act is about digital recycling. It gives companies an incentive to recycle technology. It says the computer Bill Gates may see as a dinosaur, is really a dynamic new opportunity for seniors and students who have none.  There is a growing need to encourage access to information technology for both seniors and students. The Administration on Aging estimates there are about 11,500 senior centers throughout the United States serving millions of older Americans. The centers offer a variety of services, including employee assistance and educational programs. Equipping senior centers with donated computer equipment could help open the door to employment opportunities.  We know there is a growing demand for skilled high tech workers. Just last year, the high tech community came to Congress asking for a large increase in the number of skilled H-1B visas so they could hire foreign workers to fill the gap. Congress agreed to boost the number of H-1B visas from 65,000 to 115,000 for 1999 and 2000. Those are 50,000 jobs that could have gone to Americans. Many seniors have the drive and the desire to keep working; they simply need to gain some basic computer skills.  While it is important for all Americans to have equal access to information technology, the most pressing need is in our schools. The Department of Commerce recently published a report, ``Falling Through the Net: Defining the Digital Divide.'' It shows that the rapid build-out of the information superhighway has by-passed many in rural and in less-advantaged urban communities. The report says factors such as race, income and area of residence help limit access to information technology. For example, the study found that households earning more than $75,000 are five times more likely to own computers than those earning less than $10,000. Households earning more than $75,000 are seven times more likely to use the Internet as those earning less than $10,000.  We know that very early in the next Century 60% of all jobs will require high-tech computer skills. To prepare our children for the jobs of the future, they not only must have access to technology, but they must be trained to use it as well. But we cannot count on children in low-income and rural communities even to have access to computers.  Schools can serve as great equalizers in this equation, giving all children access to information technology resources. However, a 1997 report by the Educational Testing Service found that on average there was only one multimedia computer for every 24 students. In economically disadvantaged communities, the situation is worse: the computer to student ratio rises to one in 32.  The purpose of our amendment is to build more bridges between the technology ``haves'' and the ``have nots'' to build more on-ramps to the information superhighway. You can't get 21st Century classrooms, using Flintstones technology. However, technology is not cheap and school budgets are limited, making it tough for schools to upgrade their systems by themselves. The point of our amendment is to enhance existing incentives to businesses to donate computer equipment to schools.  There is a federal program in place, the 21st Century Classroom Act of 1997, but its use has been limited. It allows businesses to take a tax deduction for certain computer equipment donations to K-12 schools. But most businesses take longer to upgrade their computers than allowed for under the law.  The New Millennium Classrooms Act would make this law work the way it was intended, and include donations to senior centers under this tax credit. First, our legislation would increase the age limit from two to three years for donated equipment eligible for a tax credit. This more realistically tracks the time line businesses follow for their computer upgrades. It will cover hardware that possesses the necessary memory capacity and graphics capability to support Internet and multimedia applications.  Second, our bill expands the current limitation of ``original use'' to include both original equipment manufacturers and any corporation that reacquires their equipment. We believe that by expanding the number of donors eligible for the credit, we will expand the number of computers donated to schools and senior centers.  Third, our bill provides for a 30% tax credit of the fair market value for school and senior center computer donations, and a 50% credit for donations to schools located in empowerment zones, enterprise communities and Indian reservations. The Department of Commerce report highlights the need to encourage school computer donation in these notoriously under-served communities and we want to target donations toward these communities.  Finally, our bill requires an operating system to be included on a donated computer's hard drive in order to qualify for the tax credit. This will ensure students and seniors don't get empty computer shells, but the brains that drive the computers.  Our legislation is supported by a wide range of business and education groups. Leaders of technology associations, like the Information Technology Industry Council and TechNet, and the National Association of Manufacturers have joined education associations, such as the National Association of Secondary School Principals and the National Association of State University and Land Grant Colleges, in support of the amendment.  The Digital Millennium Classrooms Act promotes digital recycling. It will encourage companies to put their used computers into classrooms instead of into landfills. It will help build a safety net under students trying to cross the digital divide. I thank my colleagues for supporting this amendment, and again wish to commend Senator Abraham for his leadership on this legislation.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, as one who has advocated tax relief and reform for American families throughout my 17 years in Congress, I welcome the opportunity to speak on the Taxpayer Refund Act of 1999.  Americans want, need, and deserve tax relief. The government takes too much of the American people's earnings to fund the bloated bureaucracy in Washington. The notion that the government knows better than families how to spend their money is absurd. Americans should be able to keep much more of their hard-earned money to use and invest for themselves and their family's future.  Not only do Americans want and need tax relief, they also deserve fundamental reform of our unfair and overly complex tax code. For years, and this bill is no exception, we have compounded the tax code's complexity and put tax loopholes for special interests ahead of tax relief for working families. The result is a tax code that is a bewildering 44,000 page catalogue of favors for a privileged few and a chamber of horrors for the rest of America--except perhaps the accountants and lawyers.  No one can possibly believe it's fair to tax your salary, your investments, your property, your expenses, your marriage, and your death. Taxes claim nearly 40 percent of the average taxpayer's income. This is simply not right.  This bill takes several steps toward relieving that excessive tax burden, and I congratulate the Chairman and his colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee for their hard work in crafting this bill for the Senate's consideration.  There are many good provisions in this bill, and I intend to support it in the hope that a conference agreement can be reached that provides meaningful tax relief and that the President will sign into law. However, I am concerned that the majority of the tax relief proposed in this bill will not be available to taxpayers for several years. The bill also excludes other very good ideas but includes several provisions that are clearly intended to benefit special interests. I hope the amendment process, limited though it is by the Senate's arcane rules for dealing with reconciliation measures, will improve it before we are asked to vote on final passage.  Mr. President, the latest reports project a nearly $3 trillion federal budget surplus over the next 10 years. About two-thirds of the projected surplus comes from Social Security payroll taxes that are deposited in the Social Security Trust Funds, and must be kept away from spendthrift politicians to ensure that Social Security benefits are paid as promised. Our first priority must be to lock up the Social Security Trust Funds to prevent Presidential or Congressional raids on workers' retirement funds to pay for so-called ``emergency'' spending or new big government programs. Most Americans don't share the view that dubious pork-barrel projects, such as millions of dollars in assistance to reindeer ranchers and maple sugar producers, should be treated as emergencies to be paid for with their Social Security taxes, but that is what Congress did earlier this year.  That leaves nearly $1 trillion in non-Social Security revenue surpluses. Now, the typical Washington response would be to spend the money on new government programs and bureaucracies. Let me state very clearly that I vehemently oppose the view that ``growing government'' should be a national priority. To the contrary, our goal should be to continue to shrink the size of the federal government, returning more power and money to the people.  I firmly believe a healthy portion of the projected non-Social Security surplus should be returned to the American people in the form of tax cuts. I also believe we have a responsibility to balance the need for tax relief with other pressing national priorities.  After locking up the Social Security surpluses, I would dedicate 62 percent of the remaining $1 trillion in non-Social Security surplus revenues, or about $620 billion, to shore up the Social Security Trust Funds, extending the solvency of the Social Security system until at least the middle of the next century. The President promised to save Social Security, but he failed to include this proposal anywhere in his budget submission. In fact, he has since proposed or supported spending billions of dollars from the surplus on other government programs, depleting the funds needed to ensure retirement benefits are paid as promised.  I would also reserve 10 percent of the non-Social Security surplus to protect the Medicare system, and use 5 percent to begin paying down our $5.6 trillion national debt.  With the remaining $230 billion in surplus revenues, plus about $300 billion raised by closing inequitable corporate tax loopholes and ending unnecessary spending subsidies, I would provide meaningful tax relief that benefits Americans and fuels the economy.  My tax relief plan, which was filed as an amendment to this bill, provides slightly more than $500 billion in tax relief over 10 years, targeted toward lower- and middle-income Americans, family farmers and small businessmen, and families. The bill before the Senate includes provisions that are similar to some of the proposals included in my plan.  The bill does provide relief from the marriage penalty and gift and estate taxes, but these important provisions do not take effect for several years. I believe we should repeal, once and for all, the disgraceful tax penalty that punishes couples who want to get married. We should also slash the death tax that prevents a father or a mother from leaving the hard-earned fruits of their labor to their children. Why wait five or seven years to provide some relief from these onerous and unfair taxes?  The bill properly targets the lowest 15 percent tax bracket for a one-percent rate reduction and provides for a gradual increase in the upper limit of the bracket. My plan would also expand this bracket to allow as many as 17 million more Americans to pay taxes at the lowest rate.  The bill also increases the income threshold for tax-deferred contributions to IRAs, but not until 2008, and very gradually increases the amount that employees can contribute each year to employer-sponsored retirement plans. We should make these increases effective immediately to encourage more Americans to save now for their retirement.  What the bill before the Senate does not do is provide much-needed incentives for saving. Restoring to every American the tax exemption for the first $200 in interest and dividend income would go a long way toward reversing the abysmal savings rate in this country.  Most important, we must eliminate immediately the Social Security earnings test. This tax unfairly penalizes senior citizens who choose to, or have to, work by taking away $1 of their Social Security benefits for every $3 they earn. There is no justifiable reason to force seniors with decades of knowledge and expertise out of the workforce by imposing such a punitive tax.  Many of the other provisions in this bill that provide tax relief for education, health care, and other issues important to American families are implemented gradually or simply delayed for several years. Likewise, some of the provisions that benefit small businesses and tax-exempt organizations do not take effect for a number of years. In fact, less than half of the 120 provisions in this bill provide any tax relief at all in the year 2000. Those tax cuts that do take effect immediately amount to just $5 billion of the nearly $800 billion total tax cuts in the bill.  But look at some of the provisions that do take effect immediately:  --A provision to extend the tax credit for electricity produced from wind and closed-loop biomass sources, and also extend the credit to electricity produced from poultry waste, which is defined to include rice hulls, wood shavings, straw, bedding, and other litter. This provision goes into effect immediately, and will cost $1.6 billion over 10 years.  --A provision to exempt individuals with foreign addresses from paying the 7.5 percent air passenger ticket tax on frequent flier miles, leaving American passengers to pay for our over-burdened air traffic control system. The provision goes into effect on January 1, 2000, and will cost $238 million over 10 years.  --A provision that exempts small seaplanes from paying ticket taxes. This provision goes into effect on December 31, 1999, and will cost $11 million over 10 years.  --A provision to reduce the excise tax, from 12.4 percent to 11 percent, on component parts of arrows used for hunting fish and game that measure 18 inches overall or more in length. This provision takes effect immediately.  How can we justify giving a $33 million tax break next year to companies producing electricity from chicken waste, when senior citizens have to forego some of their Social Security benefits if they must work to make ends meet. How can we justify writing off $15 million in revenue next year from people from other countries who fly to the U.S., when American families get absolutely no relief from the egregious marriage penalty until 2005?  Mr. President, as I have said, there are many good provisions in this bill which reflect the hard work and difficult decisions that Chairman Roth and the Finance Committee faced. They have worked hard to do the best we can for the American people who need and deserve relief from excessive taxation and a burdensome tax code.  I intend to vote for this bill, even though I know, as do my colleagues, that the President has pledged to veto both the Senate and House tax bills. Neither bill will ever become law, and the American people will never see a nickel's cut in their taxes, if the President has his way. That is the unfortunate reality that the conferees on this measure must recognize as they work to craft a meaningful tax relief bill that can be enacted and implemented for the benefit of the American people.  I will vote for this bill to move the process along and send this bill to conference with the House. What will matter at the end is that we focus on crafting a bill that can become law so that the American taxpayers get the relief they deserve and need. I have put forward a plan, described briefly here, that I believe can be a starting point for meaningful and achievable tax cuts. I urge the conferees on this legislation to focus on a conference agreement that the President will sign and that will become law this year. That is what the American people want and need.  