President, first let me thank my colleague from Maine and say that the reason we have come to the floor at this time is there would be an opportunity today for the Senate, after all of the frustrations surrounding the Medicare Commission, to take a major step forward in the cause of Medicare reform, and finance it in a responsible way.  What the Senator from Maine and I have done, both in the Budget Committee and with this amendment, is sought to ensure that the Senate would have an opportunity in this bipartisan amendment to ensure for the first time in this session the Senate could make a significant addition to the Medicare program: Start covering prescription drugs for vulnerable older people and pay for it in a responsible fashion.  More than 20 percent of the Nation's elderly spend over $1,000 a year out of pocket on their prescription medicine. These are older folks who are walking on an economic tightrope. They balance their food bills against their medical bills, their medical billsagainst their housing expenses, and many of these older people end up with a prescription that would involve their taking three pills a day which they cannot afford. So they end up taking two pills at the beginning and then maybe they take one. They get sicker. As a result, this country's inability to finance prescription drug coverage for older people under Medicare, this results in a lot of those older folks having to face hospitalizations, unnecessary surgeries, institutional health care.  The reason Senator Snowe and I have acted as we have: First, to ensure that part of the onbudget surplus could be used for this additional benefit; and, second, to raise the opportunity for additional revenue through new tobacco taxes. We believe that a significant portion of Medicare expenses are due to tobacco-related illnesses. In fact, the evidence shows that perhaps 15 percent of all Medicare costs are tobacco related.  In this amendment we have provided a two-step process for ensuring that we will have the opportunity to finance a decent pharmaceutical benefit for low-income older people. The first is the proposition that many Democrats have felt strongly about, and that is to ensure that a portion of the onbudget surplus could be used for this benefit. Second, we have felt that it may take additional funds, which is why we are saying that the Senate Finance Committee would have the opportunity, should they choose to do so, to add to the reserve fund money that would come from a new tobacco tax.  I believe, having seen the frustrations of the Medicare Commission and their inability to come up with a bipartisan agreement, the Snowe-Wyden amendment, the amendment that we will vote on today, is a major step forward.  When we talk with our older constituents, they tell us that the great gap today in Medicare is prescription drugs. More than 37 percent of older people are responsible for their prescription drug bill. On average, they pay twice as much as those without coverage. The AARP has estimated that fee-for-service beneficiaries with annual incomes below $10,000 are estimated to be spending about 10 percent of their entire income on prescription drugs.  I am very pleased to have a chance, after some of the bickering that has surrounded this Medicare issue, to come to the floor of the Senate today and say that with the Snowe-Wyden amendment we are in a position to add coverage for the vulnerable older people of this country and to pay for it in a responsible way.  Many of our colleagues know that Medicare offers very little in the way of preventive benefits. We have finally been able to add some mammography coverage, some coverage for those with diabetes. But the fact of the matter is, this drug coverage benefit is perhaps the next best step we can take in terms of preventive health care.  What we are seeing with these new drugs and new therapies, they are absolutely key to keeping older people out of the hospital, to making sure we are avoiding unnecessary surgeries. I submit that this legislation, which meets an enormous need in our country, is also a major step forward in terms of preventive health services.  I know that there are going to be some on the Republican side and some on the Democratic side who will say that this is not perfection in terms of Medicare reform. Well, I would agree with that. But I also say that the opportunity to take a major step now to helping those 20 percent of the Nation's senior citizens who pay more than $1,000 out of pocket for their prescription drugs is certainly an opportunity that the Senate should move to take advantage of.  It isn't a perfect amendment. The Senate Finance Committee is going to have an opportunity to make refinements in it. But for the vulnerable older people, 37 percent of the Nation's elderly that are responsible for their prescription drug bill, this is going to mean that some of those folks are actually going to be able to pay for three pills a day when the doctor tells them that is needed.  I want to wrap up by thanking my colleague from Maine. She, like myself, has worked on this issue for many years--really, since our House days. I am so pleased that now we can, after there have been the frustrations surrounding the Medicare Commission, come to the floor of the Senate with a significant Medicare reform that is responsibly financed. We got a 21-1 vote in the Senate Budget Committee, and the addition that we have made today, with the opportunity for additional revenue to be generated for this program with any new tobacco tax, is another step forward.  I thank my colleague from Maine for this time. I know she would like to wrap up, and I tell her I very much appreciate the opportunity to, with her, address Medicare reform now in a bipartisan fashion and to meet the needs of some of the Nation's most vulnerable citizens, our elderly. I thank her for this time to speak.  