President.  Mr. President, as an Oregonian, I am especially proud this evening that a program that began in my home State--we were the first to get an Ed-Flex waiver--on the basis of this vote in the U.S. Senate, this program that began in my State is going to be expanded across the country.  I would like to spend just a couple of minutes of the Senate's time this evening, and first begin by thanking my colleagues who put so much effort into this.  Senator Frist is here this evening. He and I have been living and breathing this legislation for well over a year.  I think it is worth noting that this began in the Senate Budget Committee. Senator Domenici worked on a bipartisan basis with a number of us. And this legislation began with hearings in the Senate Budget Committee.  I thank the Senator from Tennessee for the opportunity to work with him.  I also see Senator Jeffords here. He was especially gracious to me this afternoon. He pointed out that from time to time it felt a little lonely on their side. But I want to assure him that I think that this is truly bipartisan.  Senator Daschle every step of the way was enormously supportive in this legislation. I thank Senator Kennedy. He had to leave this evening. But he worked very closely with us, especially on the accountability provision.  Now, shortly after dealing with the impeachment matter, the Senate can show that we have dealt with the premier domestic issue of our day--the premier domestic issue of our day--education, in a bipartisan fashion. It is always possible in the Senate and just about anywhere else to find something on which to disagree. The Senate ultimately resisted that proposition, and we went forward with something we could agree on, which is the principle that you ought to squeeze every dollar of value out of the Federal budget for education in order to help the kids, to help them raise their scholastic performance, to deal with the issues that were debated on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  I think my only regret is that to some extent in the last hours of this discussion it became a debate about whether you are for more resources for education or whether you are for more efficiently allocating the dollars that are currently obligated. I think that is a false choice.  I happen to believe that we are going to need some additional resources for the key education areas. We want our young people to get a good quality education so they will be ready for the high-skill, high-wage jobs of tomorrow.  But the single best way to go to the taxpayers when additional resources are needed is to show the taxpayers that you are efficiently spending the dollars that are currently obligated.  That is why Ed-Flex is so important. All across the country we saw that without Ed-Flex what you have is sort of a ``one-size-fits-all'' approach to education. Folks inside the beltway will say, ``Well, what works in Coos Bay, OR, is what we ought to do in the Bronx, and what works in the Bronx ought to be done in the State of the majority leader, the State of Mississippi.'' That doesn't make sense.  We ought to hold school districts accountable. But we also ought to give them the freedom to be innovative and creative and make those dollars stretch so that we can serve more poor schoolchildren.  The fact of the matter is that there is a school very close to the U.S. Capitol that has cut class size in half with Ed-Flex using existing dollars. They didn't spend $1 more, not one, and they cut class size in half.  In my home State of Oregon, in one rural district, the poor kids weren't able to get advanced computing, because their school district didn't have the technology and they didn't have the instructors. There was a community college close by with Ed-Flex. Without any additional expenses to the taxpayers, those kids could go to the community college and get the skills they needed. Again, we see a concrete example of how with just a little bit of flexibility we can better serve the poor kids of this country.  We were on the floor of the U.S. Senate, I guess, for the better part of 2 weeks dealing with Ed-Flex, and not one single example of abuse was ever shown on the floor of the Senate--not one. But there were plenty of examples of how this program worked. I just cited one close by the Capitol that cut class size in half. In Texas, the scores went up with better use of technology. From one end of the country to the other, we see how this program has worked.  I know that my colleagues wish to speak tonight on this issue. But I just wanted to take a minute or two to talk about why I think this is a particularly good day for the U.S. Senate. There is no issue more important than this.  I see the majority leader is here. I want to express my thanks to him, and to Tom Daschle.  The fact is that this important legislation could have blown up 15 or 20 times in the last few days. And Tom Daschle and Trent Lott said that this was too important to let that happen.  Senator Kennedy and Senator Jeffords hung in there as well, with Senator Frist, who constantly came to the floor and just appealed to let this bipartisan idea, which every Governor in the country wants, to go forward. We were able to get it done.  I suspect the conference on this legislation will not be for the fainthearted. There are certainly differences of opinion on a number of the issues.  But this is a very good day for the U.S. Senate, and a good day for American families, because we have shown that we could tackle important issues.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  