President, once again the Senate is grieving for one of our communities that has suffered a tragic school shooting. We are all profoundly saddened today by the news out of the State of Colorado.  For those of us from my home State of Oregon, this feeling is, unfortunately, too familiar. It was just about a year ago that this same form of evil visited Thurston High School in Oregon. And I want to say, first and foremost, to the people of Colorado that Oregon's heart goes out to all of you today. The people of Colorado are in our prayers.  If our experience can be any measure of comfort, I would offer the observation that in Colorado, just as it was in Oregon, the parents and students will find that their neighbors can be an incredible resource of support. There is more strength in our communities than we realize. And while nothing--nothing--can ever ease this sort of pain, that strength does possess a tremendous healing power.  Mr. President, why are we seeing these tragedies in our country? We feel so good about the very strong economy. We play a preeminent leadership role in the world. There are so many good things in our Nation. But we send our children off to school in the morning and so often we have to worry that they might be gunned down by a classmate. What has produced this horrible evil?  I do not come to the floor of the Senate today to say I have the answers, but I know that we are not doing our job in this body if we do not try to find them. And it seems to me those of us from the States that have seen this horrible scourge--the Senators from Colorado and Arkansas and Kentucky and my own of Oregon--need to sit down together--and soon--and begin a meaningful conversation about the practical and concrete steps that can be taken to prevent these tragedies. We ought to talk with everyone, we ought to talk with Sarah Brady, who has one point of view, talk with the National Rifle Association, who has another point of view. We need to have a concrete dialogue with all who have been part of this national discussion to find a way to stop these tragedies.  In the wake of what happened in Springfield, OR, Senator Gordon Smith and I worked, on a bipartisan basis, to make sure that if a kid brought a gun to school, action would be taken to treat that as a five-alarm warning. Looking at yesterday's tragedy, it seems to me that our bipartisan bill would not have been enough, because these students had never been caught with guns in school before. But the facts appear to be that the students there knew that this group was involved with weapons and that they had been engaged in potentially dangerous activities. We need to find ways to translate this knowledge into concrete approaches so the authorities can take steps to protect our youngsters in our schools.  Mr. President, so many Members of this body are parents. Many of our colleagues have been blessed with grandchildren. It chills all of us to the bone to think that this can happen in our communities, and that it has happened too often.  The people have elected us to lead. This is a problem which cannot be avoided. I am going to do everything I can, in a bipartisan fashion, with colleagues from other States that have seen these tragedies, to find those practical steps so parents across this country can have the certainty that when they send their youngsters to school they will come home safely at the end of the day.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  