 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts. I know he is waiting to speak as well. I thank him for the chance to follow my colleague, Senator Frist.  For too long the major political parties in this country have been at war on the education issue. Today, with this bipartisan legislation, we are beginning to make the peace and to do it in a way that is good for America's children.  I especially thank my colleague, Senator Frist. He and I have worked together on this legislation for many months. The heart of this legislation is that now we will be able to take the dollars away from various bureaucratic Federal requirements and pour those dollars into our classrooms to help our kids.  This legislation involves eight Federal programs and more than $12 billion. What we have found in the courseof our hearings is that again and again across this country we are wasting a substantial portion of that money on various duplicative Federal rules that essentially put our local school districts through what one called to me ``bureaucratic water torture,'' when what they want to do is put those dollars into our classrooms.  I happen to think both political parties have made an important contribution in this discussion about education. A number of my colleagues have said, before we spend additional money, we are going to have to spend billions and billions of dollars that the Federal Government allocates today in a more effective way.  The Ed-Flex legislation does that. That is why Senator Frist and I have made it a priority, and that is why we have told our colleagues in the Senate we want that to be the first education bill to come to the floor of the Senate: Before you go to the American people and ask for additional funds, demonstrate clearly you are spending the dollars that are allocated today effectively. That is what this legislation does.  I also think a number of our colleagues, led by the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Kennedy, are absolutely right in saying that additional money is going to be needed for education. It is going to be needed to ensure we have the technology we need for youngsters. It is going to be needed to reduce class size in America, and I think that is an important part of this debate as well. When this legislation is signed into law by the President of the United States, we are going to go on to consider that legislation. I submit to our colleagues, we are in a lot better shape going to the American people to ask for additional funds when we have proven with legislation like Ed-Flex that we can squeeze more value out of the existing dollars that are being allocated.  Make no mistake about it, existing funds are going to be liberated with Ed-Flex and are going to help us achieve some objectives that Members of this body feel very strongly about.  For example, Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle very much want to reduce class size in America. Existing dollars using the Ed-Flex program can do that. In fact, in a school a short distance from here, in Howard County, MD, the Phelps Luck Elementary School used the Ed-Flex program to reduce the average student/teacher ratio in math and reading from 25 to 1 to 12 to 1.  Some of us believe we are going to need additional dollars to reduce class size in America, but make no mistake about it; under the legislation that Senator Frist and I have brought to the Senate today, we can use existing dollars to reduce class size in America. I think that is something of value to our colleagues.  I will pass on one example from my home State of Oregon from The Dalles High School that I think sums it all up. We found at one of our high schools in rural Oregon that low-income students were unable to take advanced computer courses at a local community college because the high school lacked the necessary equipment and instructors. Yet there was a community college very close by, and we were not able to use the dollars that had to be spent at the high school at that nearby community college without going through all kinds of redtape and bureaucracy. With Ed-Flex, we were able to use those dollars earmarked for the high school at the local community college without any additional cost to the taxpayers. The students were able to go to the community college. They got the training they needed. Ed-Flex, again, showed that with just a modest change in Federal regulation, we could do a better job of educating young people in America.  We have had this program, as my colleague from Tennessee has noted, in 12 States. We have debated this on the floor of the Senate for some time. And through that debate, there has not been offered one example, not one in any community or any State, of low-income students being exploited in any way. I cannot recall another Federal program where it has not been possible to show some problem somewhere, but in the course of this debate, which has gotten a bit contentious, as we know, over the last few months, not one example has been produced with respect to how this program in 12 States has been abused.  The fact is, it has worked. It has worked everywhere. The scores are up in the State of Texas where they are using it. Class size is down in Howard County where they are using it. Students are getting access to advanced technologies in my home State of Oregon. It has worked virtually everywhere, but it is going to work even better when we pass this legislation.  I will close this part of the debate by saying I am especially pleased, and I thank my colleague from Tennessee for his help on this, with the changes in this legislation to ensure that the role of Ed-Flex will be expanded in a variety of areas involving interactive computer technology in our schools. When this Ed-Flex legislation becomes law in my State, which was the very first in the country to pioneer this, it is going to start a new program using Ed-Flex authority so that every second grader in the State of Oregon will be able to use interactive computer technology to learn and improve their reading skills.  I am especially pleased that we have been able to add this technology waiver program. This is a good day for the Senate.  My colleague, Senator Frist, thanked so many people when we were on the floor before, but I especially thank Ms. Lindsay Rosenberg of my staff who is with us here today.  Bipartisan legislation such as this does not happen by osmosis. It happens because a lot of our staff have spent a lot of weekends and evenings working on this legislation. Today the first bipartisan education bill is coming to the floor of the Senate. It offers a fresh, creative approach to Federal/State relations, one with enormous potential for improving education for all our citizens.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  