I would like to take just a few minutes now to speak on behalf of the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment and try to offer up to colleagues on both sides of the aisle why Senator Bryan, Senator Fitzgerald, and I are trying to incorporate some of the important thinking that has been done by the chairman of the Interior Subcommittee, Senator Gorton, as well as the work with respect to forestry done on the floor of the Senate over the last few days by Senator Robb of Virginia. It seems to me that Senator Gorton, as well as Senator Robb, are making extremely important points. What Senator Bryan, Senator Fitzgerald, and I are trying to do is build on the work done by both of our colleagues.  For example, I think Senator Gorton and Senator Craig are absolutely right in terms of saying that the Forest Service has lacked direction, particularly as it relates to the Pacific Northwest. They have known at the Forest Service for many months that they had to comply with each of these survey and management requirements. The Forest Service dawdled and dragged its feet. It has been literally flailing around in the woods.  I think Senator Gorton and Senator Craig have been absolutely right that there has been a lack of accountability and a lack of oversight with respect to the Forest Service.  At the same time, I think Senator Robb has also been correct in terms of saying we can't just throw the environmental laws in the trash can because a Federal agency messes up. You can't just set aside the environmental laws of the United States because a Federal agency, in this case the Forest Service, has not done its job. You have to figure out a way to put this agency and this program back on track.  What the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment seeks to do is to get the Forest Service on track by building on some of the important work done by Senator Gorton and Senator Craig, as well as focusing on the environmental principles pursued by Senator Robb.  One of the reasons I so strongly support the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment is we have seen in past years that throwing money at the timber sale program does not make things better. Each year, since 1996, this Congress has authorized more money for the timber sale program than the administration has asked for. So we have, in effect, shoveled more money out the door for the timber sale program.  The fact of the matter is, in spite of the fact the Congress keeps spending more money on the timber sale program, the problems in these rural communities, particularly the rural West --and these are economic and environmental problems--keep getting worse. So the notion that throwing money at the timber sale program is going to solve these problems is simply not correct. The Congress has continued to spend money. The problems are getting worse, both from an economic and an environmental standpoint. And that is the bottom line.  So what Senator Bryan and Senator Fitzgerald and I are seeking to do is to link the money that the Forest Service needs for these important programs--not just in Oregon but across the country--to a new focus on accountability.  What our legislation does is earmark resources for the important environmental work that needs to be done and at the same time places a stringent timetable on the completion of the important environmental work. So, in effect, we have a chance to do some good by getting the environmental work done while at the same time helping timber workers and environmental concerns addressed in a responsible fashion.  We do direct additional funds for the survey and management program so we can have the protocols for the species that currently lack this data, but we do it in a way that brings new accountability. This is the first time on the floor of the Senate that we have tried to take this program, which has been so mismanaged by the Forest Service, and put in place some real accountability.  This is not the old days of just throwing money at problems. This is a new approach, a fresh and creative approach, that Senators Bryan, Fitzgerald, and I are trying to offer which will ensure that not just in the Northwest but across the country there will be the funds that are needed for the timber sale program, but at the same time we are going to have a real process to watchdog the Forest Service to make sure they actually get the work done.  With respect to the problems that have shut down the forests in the Pacific Northwest, our amendment requires that the survey and management draft, the environmental impact statement would be completed by November 15 of this year. The final version of that impact statement would be published by February 14 of 2000.  So this gives us a chance, I say to my colleagues, to make sure the work that was promised actually gets done. We fund the timber sale program at the levels called for by the administration. We have a chance to learn from years past that just throwing money at the timber sale program does not solve things.  I hope our colleagues will realize that this bipartisan approach is a chance to solve problems, which is vitally important to rural communities not just in the West but across the country, while at the same time honoring the important environmental obligations this Congress has set out for the Forest Service and other agencies.  I do hope that however colleagues voted on the Robb amendment, whatever they think with respect to the original language proposed by Senator Gorton, they will look anew at the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment because what we are seeking to do is build on the important principles embodied behind both of those positions.  My two colleagues are here from the Northwest, the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Gorton, and the chairman of the committee on which I serve, Senator Craig. They are absolutely right; the Forest Service has lacked direction. Under the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment, we put in place that direction and real accountability.  For those who voted for the Robb amendment earlier, and want to make sure environmental laws are respected and honored, we keep in place the notion that you do not throw those laws into the garbage can on appropriations bills.  So I am hopeful my colleagues will support this on a bipartisan basis. I particularly thank the original sponsor of the legislation, Senator Bryan. He has done yeoman work to try to put in place a bipartisan coalition. I hope this proposal will be attractive to my colleagues of both political parties.  Mr. President, with that I yield the floor.  