President, this amendment I also offer with the bipartisan leadership of the subcommittee, Chairman Shelby and Senator Lautenberg. Again, I express my thanks to both of them. As you could tell from Senator Lautenberg's excellent statement, he has strong views on this matter. They go back a long time.  One of the areas I most admire about Senator Lautenberg has been his extraordinary work on tobacco control. The fact of the matter is, Senator Lautenberg for years led that effort to make air flights healthier in our country. That is just one of the many contributions he has made in public service. We thank him for it.  This amendment as well is supported by the chairman of the subcommittee, Chairman Shelby, and the ranking minority member, Senator Lautenberg. As I have sought to do with respect to overbooking, again this amendment would ensure there were teeth behind this so-called pledge by the airlines to make information about the lowest possible fare available to the consumer. Finding the lowest air fare in America is now one of the great mysteries of Western life.  On any given flight there may be as many different fares as there are passengers on the plane. One of the things that experts in aviation have said for some time is if you want to start a brawl on an air flight, ask the passengers to compare notes with respect to how much they paid for a ticket because there will be remarkable differences, even among people who made the same sort of arrangements to fly.  The purpose of this bipartisan amendment is to make sure, no matterhow a customer contacts an airline--at the ticket counter, over the telephone, or at an airline's web site--the customer would get the same information about the lowest fare. Again, the airlines in these voluntary pledges that they have made have a lot of lofty rhetoric about telling the consumer about the lowest fare, but the harsh reality is that it is business as usual. This amendment would hold the airlines accountable to their pledge to actually make available to the consumer, in an understandable way, information about the lowest fare available.  The pledge to offer the lowest fare available as it stands now, in the voluntary package from the airline industry, is, again, sort of more hocus-pocus, as far as the consumer is concerned. In effect, what the airlines are now saying is that if a consumer uses the phone to call an airline and asks about a specific flight on a specific date in a specific class, the airline will tell the consumer the lowest fare, as they are already required to do by law. Not only will the airlines not provide the consumer relevant information about lower fares on other flights on the same airline, they will not even tell the consumer about lower fares that are probably on the airline's web page--and for obvious reasons. Once they have you on the phone and they can get you at a higher price, they might not be so interested in letting you know about something else that is available on the web page.  Recently a Delta agent quoted a consumer over the telephone a round trip fare to Portland, my hometown, of $400, and 5 minutes later the consumer found a price of $218 for the exact same flight on Delta's web page.  What this amendment stipulates, again, as with the bipartisan effort with respect to overbooking, is that the passenger has a right to know. The public has a right to know. We are not setting up any new Government agencies. We are not calling for some micromanaged, run-from-Washington kind of operation. We are saying the passenger deserves a fair shake with respect to accurate information on the lowest fares that are available.  So this amendment, that I am proud to offer again with the chairman of the subcommittee, Chairman Shelby, and Senator Lautenberg, would stipulate the Department of Transportation could investigate as a deceptive trade practice the failure on the part of an airline to tell the passenger the lowest fare that is available, no matter how the customer contacts the airline. Under the voluntary pledge, again, the airlines are going to be in a position to withhold information about the lowest fares from customers, information that they have, as Senator Lautenberg noted in his previous statement, and information that ought to be supplied to the consumer so the consumer can make accurate choices.  All we are talking about in both of these amendments is access to information, full disclosure, the public's right to know. But the failure to do it, the failure to inform the consumer, ought to be treated seriously by this Congress.  These two amendments provide that opportunity to do so by saying the Department of Transportation can investigate as a deceptive trade practice the failure to inform the public, in this case of the lowest fare available, in the previous case information about overbooking.  I know time is short and there is much to do with respect to this important legislation. I thank Senator Shelby and Senator Lautenberg for their support. I yield the floor.  