President, let me wrap up by saying that colleagues can see, year after year, this Congress has increased funding for the timber sale program. You can see that pattern since the late 1990s, going into this year. So all Senator Bryan, Senator Fitzgerald, and I are trying to say is that there is more to this question, practicing sustainable forestry that will be good for rural communities as relates to their economic needs and to their environmental needs--there is more to this than just throwing money at the timber sale program.  If throwing money at the timber sale program was going to make things better, all of us in this body would have seen improvements over the last few years. In fact, we have seen the problems get worse. The problems have worsened in so many of these rural communities in both economics and the environment.  Much has been made of comments in our newspaper, the Oregonian, because of the importance of the forest in the Pacific Northwest. The Oregonian, in their editorial pages, said:       What is needed is a carefully negotiated agreement on      appropriate surveys for rare species and adequate funding to      do them.  That is exactly what the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden package does. For the first time we link adequate funding for the timber sale program to specific requirements for accountability and oversight. Never before on the floor of the Senate have we made the judgment that is in the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden package that in fact the Forest Service really has lost direction in complying with a lot of these environmental concerns.  But we do not throw the environmental laws in the garbage can. Instead, we have the important effort that was launched by Senator Robb and our good friend, Senator Cleland, who is here this morning. At the same time, we agree with Senators Craig and Gorton that we do need to put this program on track.  So I am very hopeful my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will see this as a practical approach, an approach that is sensitive to the economic needs of rural communities, an approach that complies with the Nation's environmental laws and at the same time allows us to be a more effective steward of resources for taxpayers in this country.  This is not the end of the debate. Certainly what the Oregonian called for recently--a negotiated agreement on surveys to comply with the environmental rules and adequate funding--is going to have to be fleshed out when the House and Senate go to a conference committee. But this is the first step to a fresh approach that links adequate funding for the necessary environmental work with accountability that is long overdue at the Forest Service and a chance to meet the economic needs of the rural communities.  If all that was needed was what some of my colleagues on the other side have called for, which is spending more money on the timber sale program--we would not have many of the problems we are seeing today because year after year this Congress has put more money in the timber sale program. What we need is what Senators Bryan and Fitzgerald and I have talked about on this floor, an effort to link the new focus on accountability at the Forest Service with compliance with environmental rules and sensitivity to economic concerns.  I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment, and I yield the floor.  