President, rare is it to have an opportunity to talk about health care policy when the chairman of the Health Care Subcommittee is on the floor with Mr. Moynihan, a long time expert, and Dr. Frist is in the chair. So you have three of the most influential people in the health care policy field before you.  I will not abuse this opportunity. But I wanted to take just a few minutes to talk about this prescription drug issue and its importance, in terms of coverage under Medicare. There is now one bipartisan bill before the Senate on this issue, and that is the legislation that Senator Olympia Snowe and I have proposed.  What I have said--this is the fifth time I have come to the floor in recent weeks--is I am actually going to, as this poster says, ``Urge Senior Citizens To Send In Copies Of Their Prescription Drug Bills,'' so we can show just how critical this issue is and come together on a bipartisan basis before the end of this session and get prescription drug coverage added to Medicare.  What Senator Snowe and I have proposed, on a bipartisan basis, uses marketplace forces to hold down the cost of these prescriptions. We have an ``ability to pay'' feature in the program. That is something I have heard Senator Moynihan and Dr. Frist talk about. My sense is, it is critically important that we get this coverage, not just because senior citizens suffer so, but because this is the next breakthrough in preventive health care. The drugs we are seeing today help to lower blood pressure; they help to lower the cholesterol level.  I have heard Senator Moynihan and Chairman Roth talk, for example, about how costs are exploding in Medicare, particularly under Part A, the hospital portion of Medicare. It seems to me if we can come together on a bipartisan basis and address this prescription drug issue, a lot of these new drugs, these preventive drugs, will help us save money and hold down some of the costs in Part A of Medicare, the hospital and institutional portion of the program.  The Wall Street Journal pointed out yesterday, again, how staggering some of these costs are and how we might prevent them with thoughtful policy work in the health care area. For example, yesterday in the Wall Street Journal they noted that one-third of all stroke survivors are permanently disabled. But doctors can now prescribe anticoagulants to protect the high-risk patients from stroke. The Journal goes on to say:       The lifetime cost of a severe stroke is $100,000, while      treatment with anticoagulants costs $1,095. This is a chance      to get good coverage for vulnerable people in our country and      save taxpayers' money at the same time.  I am just very hopeful; Senator Roth's staff and Senator Moynihan's staff have spent a lot of time with us already. Senator Snowe and I want to do this in a bipartisan way. We want to act in this session of Congress, not put it off until after yet another round of electioneering and more slugging back and forth between Democrats and Republicans. I am hopeful seniors, by sending in copies of their prescription drug bills, as Senator Snowe and I advocate, will help us come together in a bipartisan way.  In wrapping up, as I have indicated to the Senate before, I am going to bring to the floor each time I come three cases of what I am hearing from seniors at home in Oregon, to dramatize how important it is we act on this matter.  I just heard yesterday from a 75-year-old widow from Salem, OR. She wrote me that her income is $8,218 a year; her prescription drug bill is $2,289.  She spent that on three drugs--Fosamax, Relafen, and Paxil. Three drugs, $2,289 from her $8,118 income. That is an elderly woman in Salem.  A woman in Portland wrote me:       My mother is 97 years old and will soon be required to file      for Medicaid because the ever-increasing cost of her care and      medications have depleted her savings. Currently, her      expenses exceed income by over $1,000 per month. In some      months, her medication costs over $300. Last year, her      prescription drug bill was $2,746.  As we saw in a recent study, more than 20 percent of the Nation's elderly are spending over $1,000 a year out of pocket on their prescription medicines. This story was not at all something we found to be rare or out of the ordinary.  Finally, the third case I want to mention this morning comes from a woman in Seaside, OR. She has an income of just over $1,000 a month. She wrote me yesterday:       I am supposed to take 20 milligrams of Lipitor, but I do      not have enough money to buy it.  These are the kinds of cases I know we are going to hear when seniors send in copies of their prescription drug bills. The question is, Can we come together in a bipartisan way to address this issue?  Senator Snowe and I used the Federal Employee Health Benefits Plan asour model. There are other good ideas out there. Our bill is called SPICE, the Senior Prescription Insurance Coverage Equity Act. We are not saying this is the last word on how to address this issue, but I would like to see the Senate look at an approach that utilizes marketplace forces, along the lines of what we do in the Federal Employee Health Benefits Plan and one that will not produce a lot of cost shifting on to other groups of vulnerable people.  For example, there is one proposal going around, certainly well-meaning, which has Medicare buying up all the drugs for the Nation's senior citizens. I am very fearful what will happen under that approach is we may control prices for the elderly, but you could have a divorced woman, a 27-year-old, say, African American women in my State or the Presiding Officer's State. She could see her drug bill go through the roof because prices would be controlled in just one segment of the pharmaceutical area, the Medicare area, and the costs would be shifted on to somebody else's back.  I know the Senate has a lot of important business. By the way, I am with Senator Moynihan and Chairman Roth on this great bill as well. I know they want to go on to that important matter. I intend to keep coming to the floor. Senator Snowe had to be in Maine today and could not be here. We have already done this together. We urge seniors to send in copies of their prescription drug bills.  We hope they will back the bipartisan Snowe-Wyden bill. Frankly, I would rather hear from them so as to bring this Senate together in a bipartisan way and deal with this issue. Let's not let it become fodder for the 2000 election. Let's make this issue a legacy of this Congress where we really came together to do something important, something that is the wave of the future in American health care, which is to give good preventive approaches, wellness-oriented approaches as part of our American health system.  I thank Chairman Roth and Senator Moynihan and my friend, Senator Akaka, for indulging me this morning. I yield the floor.  