Heaven forbid that actually takes over some of the debate we have. There is nothing partisan about making sure that consumers have all the facts about their health care. That is the effort with respect to barring gag clauses. And there is nothing partisan about this ombudsman approach.  I am very hopeful, frankly, that as the Senate learns more about this kind of concept pioneered by the Senator from Rhode Island, Families USA, and others, that we will see some of the good health care plans in this country saying we are going to support this because it makes sense to solve problems early on.  Frankly, if we can win support for the Reed proposal early on--I am honored to join in on it--I think this will go a long way to eventually resolving the controversy about litigation because I think we will see good advocacy programs early on, and we can confine then the need for litigation to really only the outrageous, outlandish cases where I think every Member of the Senate would say, goodness, this is an area where you really ought to have a legal remedy. But we would have skewed the whole system toward prevention and early intervention, or answering the questions that the Senator from Rhode Island has properly identified.  I will tell you that in my hometown, where we do have a lot of good managed care, folks want to see this kind of proposal. They want to see what is laid out in the legislation that our colleagues on this side of the aisle are offering, and they want to see us reach a bipartisan agreement.  The Presiding Officer of the Senate and I have had the most competitive elections in the history of the West. We have teamed up together on a whole host of issues in the Senate.  It would seem to me that around the ombudsman program and around barring gag clauses, this is another area where essentially partisan politics ought to stop outside the Chamber. We ought to work together to enact a good ombudsman program to say that this is the best anecdote to frivolous litigation, frankly, that we could possibly find.  I thank the Senator from Rhode Island, with whom I have enjoyed working for well over a decade on senior and consumer issues, and for the chance to work with him on it.  Perhaps by way of wrapping up my question to the Senator from Rhode Island, could he fill us in on progress with other colleagues? I know that Senator Collins has been very interested in this issue. She has done good work in her home State of Maine. Perhaps the Senator from Rhode Island could just wrap up by telling us where his proposal stands. I want to assure him and Senator Kennedy, who has been leading this fight--and I am anxious to work with him. In fact, when I first came to the Senate, just a few weeks after arriving I had a chance to work with the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts on the effort to bar gag clauses. I only wish we had gotten that in place back then several years ago. It is long overdue that we get that protection for consumers as well as the Reed proposal.  Perhaps the Senator from Rhode Island could tell us where the ombudsman proposal stands at this time.  