McCAIN. If I could respond very quickly about one aspect of this, I have confessed with great pride and sometimes with pleasure that I am not a member of the legal profession. But I am afraid the Senator from Massachusetts does not quite comprehend what we are dealing with here.  This is a book, ``Year 2000 Challenge, Legal Problems and Solutions,'' from the National Legal Center for the Public Interest. Let me quote for the Senator what we are facing so we can really put this in the proper perspective.       The unfortunate fact is there is no ``silver bullet''      solution to the year 2000 problem in any organization, and      the risks and difficulties in any Year 2000 project of even      moderate size and complexity can be enormous. None of the      remediation techniques described above is without      disadvantages, and for many IT users the time and resources      required to accomplish Year 2000 remediation far exceed what      is available. Most major remediation programs involve finding      and correcting date fields in millions of lines of poorly      documented or undocumented code. There is no single foolproof      method of finding date fields, no assurance that all date      fields will be found, corrected, or corrected accurately, and      no assurance that corrections will not produce unintended and      undesirable consequences elsewhere in the program. In many      cases it will be necessary to rely on information or      assurances from third party vendors regarding the Year 2000      compliance of their products, even though experience teaches      that many such representations are inaccurate or      misleading. Comprehensive end-to-end system testing of      remediated systems in a simulated Year 2000 ``production''      environment is often impractical or impossible, and less      intensive testing may fail to detect uncorrected problems.      And even where an IT user succeeded in making its own      systems Year 2000 ready. Year 2000 date handling problems      in external systems (such as the systems of customers or      suppliers) can have a devastating effect on internal      operations.  With all due respect to my friend from Massachusetts, this is what we are trying to get in our legislation and this is what the Senator's amendment basically prevents us from doing.  Here is the problem. I don't claim to have the expertise that the Senator does on punitive damage or on joint and several liability. I know the problem pretty well. We have had extensive hearings in the Commerce Committee, and we have talked to all the experts. This is really what we are trying to take care of--not as the Senator from Massachusetts asked me, in good faith, do I believe there is any company or corporation that is not trying to fix a problem. I don't know of any.  I think what I read to the Senator from Massachusetts explains how difficult and enormously complex solving this problem is. This is why, although I respect and admire the Director of the FAA who will fly all day long on January 1, the year 2000, I intend to remain at home that day. However, I encourage others, as the Senator from Massachusetts, to fly around the country.  I say seriously to my friend from Massachusetts, I hope this explains to him the complexity of the problem. We not only can take care of the individual manufacturer, but all the systems and subsystems that are connected with it are not addressed, in my view, adequately, in the Senator's amendment.  Before I yield to both Senators, could we agree to some time on this amendment?  