President.  Mr. President, I am sure that many Americans who are watching this debate hear the words ``Ed-Flex'' and wonder what in the world is the U.S. Senate talking about? My guess is that we probably have some folks thinking that Ed-Flex is the new guy who has been hired to run the aerobics class at the local health club. But since my home State of Oregon was the first to receive an Ed-Flex waiver, I would like to take a few minutes to tell the U.S. Senate why Ed-Flex makes a real difference and especially why it has been a valuable tool to improve the lives of poor children.  To begin with, Ed-Flex represents a new approach in Federal-State relations. Right now, there are two schools of thought on the relationship of Washington, DC, to the States. One side says everything ought to be run at the Federal level, because folks locally can't be trusted to meet the needs of low-income people. The other side says the local folks ought to be able to do it all, because everything the Federal Government touches turns to toxic waste.  Ed-Flex represents a third-wave approach, and we have pioneered it in a variety of areas, including health, welfare and the environment, and now in education, in addition.  We told the Federal Government in each of these areas that we will meet the core requirements of Federal law. The Federal Government ought to hold us accountable, but, at the same time, the Federal Government ought to give us the flexibility to make sure that we can really meet the needs of our citizens--in this case, the poor children--rather than building up bureaucracy.  Ed-Flex has been good for students, but especially good for poor students. There are no examples of abuse, Mr. President--not one. We have asked the opponents of this legislation to give us even a scintilla of evidence of an abuse, and they cannot cite one example for a program that has been used in 12 States. But I will tell you there are plenty of examples where this program has worked for poor children.  In Maryland, one low-income school used Ed-Flex to reduce class size. Class size dropped under this Ed-Flex program from 25 students to 12. And the last time I looked, a fair number of Members of the U.S. Senate wanted to see class size drop.  In our home State, Ed-Flex helps low-income high school students take advanced computer courses at the community college. Before the waiver, Federal rules would only allow high school students to take computer courses offered at the high school. If a student wanted to take an advanced computer course, but the school didn't have the equipment or the people to teach advanced computing, those poor kids were out of luck. But we found a community college that was just a short distance away with an Ed-Flex waiver where we could take the dollars that would have been wasted because there were no facilities at the high school, and the poor kids learned at the community college. No muss, no fuss. But we did what the Federal Government ought to be trying to do, which is to help poor children.  In Massachusetts, a school with many low-income kids who are doing poorly in math and reading received title I funds in 1997; but they were denied title I funds the next year because of a technicality. This meant that low-income children who were getting special help with title I funds in 1997 could not get those funds in 1998 for one reason, and that was bureaucratic red tape. But when they got an Ed-Flex waiver, they could use the dollars to serve low-income children and make sure that they could use that help until they had addressed the mission of the program.  Ed-Flex doesn't serve fewer poor kids; it serves more of them, and it serves them better.  In the State of Texas, the State has used Ed-Flex, and the achievement scores confirm that Ed-Flex has improved academic performance. After only 2 years under the waiver, statewide results on the Texas assessment of academic skills shows that schools using Ed-Flex are outperforming the districts that aren't. These are poor school districts with low-income children, and reading and math scores are rising using Ed-Flex. At one high-poverty elementary school, student performance improved almost 23 percent over the 1996 math test scores; 82 percent of them passed. The statewide average was only 64 percent. Poor kids did better. Poor kids did better under Ed-Flex.  Now, this legislation protects the poor in other important ways. The civil rights laws, the labor laws, safety laws, all of the core Federal protections for the vulnerable, are not touched in any way. The Secretary of Education has complete authority to revoke a waiver if title I requirements are not met. Under current law, a State must have a plan to comply with title I. This legislation requires a plan as well.  Let me outline a number of specific protections that pertain to the poor in this legislation. First, under current law, title I funds can only be used in school districts that are for the low-income. Our legislation keeps this requirement. You cannot get an Ed-Flex waiver and move it out of a low-income school district to somewhere else. You have to use those dollars in a low-income school district. They can't be moved elsewhere.  Second, not only does the legislation keep the core requirements of title I, it strengthens them. For example, under current law, States are not required to evaluate whether they are meeting title I goals until 2001. Ed-Flex says to the States: Why should you wait for 2 years to show that you are serving the poor and disadvantaged? Develop high standards for serving the poor now, demonstrate that you meet the accountability requirements, and put more education dollars in the classroom to serve poor kids and their families now, rather than waiting until 2001.  Now, opponents of Ed-Flex have not been able to offer any examples--not even one--of how the flexibility waivers have been abused, and that is because the Secretary of Education has watch-dogged these Ed-Flex waivers; and we can cite examples of how it works, and they can't cite any examples of how it has been abused. That is why the Education and Labor Committee in the last Congress approved this legislation by a 17-1 bipartisan vote.  Senator Kennedy, the ranking member of the committee, said,       Under Ed-Flex, the Secretary of Education allows      Massachusetts and other States to waive Federal regulations      and statutory requirements that impede State and local      efforts to improve learning and teaching. With that      flexibility comes stronger accountability to improve student      achievement.  Since that time, since those eloquent words of Senator Kennedy, in a 17-1 vote in the Labor Committee, after lengthy debate, the sponsors felt that it was important to work with those who have had reservations about this legislation, and we have made six additional changes in the legislation to strengthen a bill that had virtual unanimous bipartisan support. We have strengthened the requirements for public participation so that there is public notice. We put in place a requirement that States include specific, measurable goals, which include student performance, a requirement that the Secretary report to the Congress after 2 years on how Ed-Flex States are doing. The Secretary must include how the waiver is affecting student performance, what Federal and State laws are being waived, and how the waiver is affecting the overall State and local reform efforts.  There is a requirement that the Secretary review State content and performance standards twice, once when deciding if the State is eligible to participate and again when deciding whether or not to grant approval for a waiver. This is to make sure that there is no compromising title I. The Secretary of Education reviews twice whether or not to go forward with an Ed-Flex waiver.  We have always altered the legislation to ensure that local review cannot be waived under Ed-Flex; that is, any school or school district receiving title I funds is still subject to punishment and still has to answer to a local review board. Those provisions that protect the poor cannot be waived.  Mr. President, it is no accident that every Governor, every Democratic Governor, believes this will be a valuable tool to them to make existing programs work better.  I think the Senator from Minnesota has made an important point in talking about how additional dollars are needed for some of these key programs to serve the poor. But the best way to generate support for that approach is to show that you are using the dollars that you get today wisely. That is what Ed-Flex allows. It is a fresh, creative approach to Federal-State relations, one that has enormous potential for improving the delivery of services to the poor and all Americans.  So I say to the Senate that we have a chance to take a new, creative path with respect to Federal and State relations where one side says all the answers reside in Washington, DC, and the other side says, no, they all reside at the local level. The third path that is being taken by Ed-Flex, that is being taken by my State in health, in welfare, in the environment, says to the Federal Government: At the local level, we will meet the requirements of Federal law, Federal education law. We will be held accountable. But in return for holding us accountable, give us the flexibility so that we can ensure that we come up with solutions that work for Coos Bay, OR, and The Dalles, OR, and you don't take a ``one-size-fits-all'' cookie-cutter approach and say that what is done in the Bronx is what is going to work in rural Oregon.  Before I wrap up, I would like to pay a special tribute to our former colleague, Senator Hatfield. I served in the House when Senator Hatfield took the lead in 1994, working with Senator Kennedy and others, to promote this approach. In my view, his record alone, standing for years and years for civil rights laws, for health laws and safety laws, would suggest that there is a commitment by the sponsors of this legislation to ensure that this helps the poor, not hurts the poor.  If there was one example, Mr. President, even one, of how an Ed-Flex waiver has harmed the poor, I know I would immediately move to address that and to ensure that our legislation didn't allow it. But we have no examples of how in any of those States the poor have been exploited or taken advantage of. We have plenty of examples of how Ed-Flex has worked in Texas where the scores have gone up, in Maryland where it has reduced class size, in Oregon where poor kids who couldn't get advanced computing under the status quo were able to use Ed-Flex dollars to get those skills that are so critical to a high-skill, high-wage job.  So I urge the Senate today to vote for the motion to proceed, vote for the bill, empower the communities across this country to earn the right to use Federal education dollars to serve the vulnerable in our society most effectively. This is not the sole answer to what is needed to improve education, public education, in our country, but it is an important step, because it shows the people of the country that we can use existing Federal funds more effectively, that we can be more innovative in serving poor kids. It seems to me that step does a tremendous amount to lay the foundation to garner public support for areas where we need additional funds.  We are going to need additional funds for a number of these key areas that the Senator from Minnesota is right to touch on. But let's show the taxpayer that we are using existing dollars effectively, as we have done in Oregon, as we have done in Texas, as we have done in Massachusetts, in line with objectives that, as far as I can tell, are widely supported on both sides of the aisle.  I see the Senator from Tennessee has joined as well, and the Senator from Minnesota was kind enough to give me time from his allocation. I would just wrap up by thanking the Senator from Minnesota and also say that I very much appreciated working with the Senator from Tennessee on this legislation. I think it is clear that the country wants to see the U.S. Senate work in a bipartisan way on this legislation.  This bill had exhaustive hearings in the Senate Budget Task Force on Education. It was debated at length in the Education and Labor Committee, where it won on a 17-to-1 vote in the last session of the Senate. Since that time, as I have outlined in my presentation, additional changes have been made to promote accountability.  I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.  I yield the floor.  