He was, in my view, the gold standard as far as public service is concerned. He wasn't full of himself, always humble and low key, always bipartisan.  I especially admired that he was always standing up for people without power and without clout. I think of all the times over the years I had a chance to serve with him--close to 20 years--that John Chafee stood up for children, stood up for the disabled, stood up for folks who are always falling between the cracks in the health care system, people who never had a voice.  Reflecting on his background--a family of means, Ivy League education--one would not think a person with those roots would be there for the kind of causes and the kind of people John Chafee was for again and again during these years in public service.  His contributions are going to be documented in many areas but especially in the areas of health care and the environment. We all ought to take some time and reflect on what John Chafee contributed to our country. His fingerprints are on every hallmark piece of environmental legislation, going through two decades, in terms of clean air and clean water.  John Chafee, in his low-key, dignified way, always made it clear we should push to do better. In debates where various interest groups said, it isn't possible, Mr. Chairman, to get as far as you would like; we can't do it without wrecking the economy, John Chafee would always point out time and time again when we pushed ourselves we could make these huge strides in terms of cleaning up the environment.  One of the measures of an individual and an individual's work on Capitol Hill is what his staff thinks of him. I don't know of any staff on either the House or the Senate side who stayed with a Member of Congress longer than John Chafee. Those were the most loyal people in Washington. It was because they were working for an individual who they knew was in public service for only honorable reasons.  I hope in the days ahead we think about what John Chafee contributed, think about his approach to solving problems, always trying to find the common ground, always trying to bring people together in a bipartisan way for the kind of government people have a right to expect in the 21st century. That is the kind of government Americans believe will help solve the intractable challenges of the day.  I hope when the rhetoric next gets a bit shrill in this body--it happens from time to time--we remember that great Senator who sat just a few feet from the dividing line between Democrats and Republicans in this Chamber, and that all Members remember John Chafee's contributions which were so extraordinary in areas including health and the environment but were especially significant because of the way he brought Members together.  Personally, I was involved in half a dozen conferences where tempers got short and late at night everybody was ready to throw in the towel and wrap it up for the day. John Chafee would have put in longer hours than anybody and he would keep people at it, trying to almost breed that kind of good will and bipartisanship that were his trademark.  This is a sad day for our country. It is a sad day for the Senate. I hope all Members remember that very special John Chafee style in the days ahead. That will be the Senate at its very best.  I yield the floor.  