President, I thank the Senator from New Jersey for giving me this time, and also, before he leaves, the chairman of the full committee, Senator Domenici. Since I have been here, both Senator Lautenberg and Senator Domenici have worked very closely with me on a special passion I have in terms of public service, which is health care. I thank them for all their assistance.  Let me also say to the Senator from Maine, I am so glad she has been willing to put in all this time on this issue because it seems to me, colleagues, that after the Medicare Commission it is especially important that the Senate demonstrate that it is possible to take on this Medicare issue in a bipartisan fashion. The reserve fund that Senator Snowe and I have developed, that will be perfected tomorrow, is going to allow for a significant step forward in Medicare reform. It is an addition to the Medicare program that is so important to the vulnerable elderly, but also will ensure it is responsibly financed.  Suffice it to say, the legislation Senator Snowe and I have pursued is notgoing to be seen as perfection to partisans on either side. But I will tell you the seniors that we represent, and there are more than 20 percent of them who spend over $1,000 a year out of pocket on their prescription medicine, they are going to say this legislation is a significant step forward.  We have millions of older people in this country who are walking on an economic tightrope. They are balancing their food costs against their medical bills and their medical bills against their housing expenses. They do not want to see the Senate spend its time bickering about Medicare reform. They want to see, as Senator Snowe has just said, the Senate get serious about real reform as we have tried to do with the overwhelming vote that we got in the Budget Committee on the question of prescription drugs.  I think it is well understood we are literally on the cusp of a pharmaceutical revolution today. A lot of the therapies and the drugs and devices today constitute perhaps the very best health care preventive program we could have in our country, because what they do is prevent unnecessary hospitalizations. They keep older folks out of these acute care facilities.  I say to the Senate today, if we can take the first step, the first step in the next couple of days, with this breakthrough in Medicare in terms of covering pharmaceutical services, I think it will also constitute a breakthrough in terms of preventive health care, because I believe a lot of these new medicines can prevent hospitalizations and costly institutional care.  As the Senator from Maine has indicated, the heart of our bipartisan proposal is to stipulate that a portion of the onbudget surplus could be used to meet the needs of vulnerable older people. I will also say I think as the Senate Finance Committee goes forward with this issue--because, of course, it will be their job to actually craft a number of the details of this legislation--it will be possible for the Senate Finance Committee to look at a variety of ways to fund this important breakthrough in Medicare reform. But the bottom line is they will have some options in looking at this issue because, as part of the budget process, we will have set out a general outline, the overall parameters of what really would be after the Medicare Reform Commission has reported--and we have seen the frustrations that surround it. We can then say to the country we at least have made the beginnings of real Medicare reform, responsibly financed.  I will also say I think as we go forward we ought to make some tough choices with respect to this drug benefit. Perhaps not all of our colleagues agree, but I happen to think the Senate should not say that Lee Iacocca ought to have access to the same kind of prescription benefit as would an elderly woman, a 78-year-old who has Alzheimer's, an income of $13,000 a year, and a prescription drug bill out of pocket of $2,000. I do not think we ought to treat those two the same. But that is an issue we can talk about as this legislation goes forward.  I indicated I would be brief. I want to wrap up by thanking our colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe. She and I have been active in these senior issues since our days in the House of Representatives. I want to tell her I think it is especially helpful that she has been willing to come forward and lead this kind of bipartisan effort after the frustrations of the Medicare Commission so we can show the country we are at least making a beginning.  I know a number of our other colleagues care greatly about this issue. Senator Kennedy from Massachusetts has been a leader in this effort to extend prescription drug coverage as well. He and I both feel strongly that the key to getting started with this issue is to use a portion of the onbudget surplus to make sure seniors, vulnerable seniors, will have access to this benefit.  I think there is a reason that the Senate Budget Committee voted 21 to 1, I believe, for this benefit. We are going to refine it in the next day or so, but I think we are showing the country we can expand coverage for the vulnerable and do it in a responsible way. I hope our colleagues will support our effort in the next day or so as we move to a final vote on that.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  