President, for the past several years, Congress has been working in a bipartisan way to write the rules of the digital economy. We have made significant progress on Internet taxes, privacy, encryption and the Y2K problem. Now is the time to move forward on rules for electronic signatures.  The bill before us today, S. 761, is based on the premise that it's better to be online than waiting in line. A growing number of Americans who now have to wait in line for things like a driver's license or construction permit, could see their business expedited by a few clicks of their mouse.  We live in an increasingly mobile society, where young people get recruited for jobs clear across the country. They may need to move in a hurry but don't have the time, for example, to pack up a home in Virginia and look for another one in Portland, Oregon. With the Internet, they can shop for a house in another town. With this electronic signatures bill, they can pretty much conclude the whole transaction of purchasing the house online.  The legislation puts electronic and paper contracts and agreements on equal footing legally. Like the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the bill would establish technological neutrality between electronic and paper contracts and agreements. This means consumers will enjoy the same legal protections when purchasing a car or home online as when they walk into an auto dealership or real estate office and sign all the documents in person. We worked long and hard to make sure that the system established here benefits consumers who wish to receive information electronically without treating those without computers as second class citizens.  This legislation does not address the issue of electronic records because this matter deserves more thorough study and discussion. I intend to work with all interested parties on this--from consumer groups to financial services firms--over the course of the coming months to craft legislation that will extend the benefits of this measure to electronic records in a way that continues consumer protections.  Commercial transactions have traditionally been governed by State laws which are modeled on the Uniform Commercial Code. Forty-two states have some law in place relating to digital authentication. But differences between and among these laws can create confusion for e-entrepreneurs. The unstoppable growth of electronic commerce has led the States recently to develop a Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or UETA (as part of the Uniform Commercial Code), to serve as a model for each State legislature in developing further its own electronic signatures law. However, only one State--California--has enacted a UETA. The purpose of this legislation is to provide interim Federal legal validity for electronic contracts and agreements until each state enacts its own UETA. This means e-commerce will not be hamstrung by the lack of legal standing.  I would like to take a minute to run through the highlights of S. 761:  Technological neutrality: It allows electronic signatures to replace written signatures. In interstate commerce a contract cannot be denied legal effect solely because of an electronic signature, electronic record or an electronic agent was used in its formation.  Choice of technology: It does not dictate the type of electronic signature technology to be used; it allows the parties to a transaction to choose their own authentication technology.  Consumer protections: It protects consumer rights under State laws; it does not preempt State consumer protection laws. It assures that consumers without a computer are not treated as second class citizens. If a consumer buys a car online, the consumer cannot be forced to use the computer to receive important recall or safety notices but retains the option to continue to get such notices through the mail.  No State preemption: Its provisions sunset when a State enacts UETA.  Excludes matters of family law: It specifically excludes agreements relating to marriage, adoption, premarital agreements, divorce, residential landlord-tenant matters because these are not commercial transactions.  Report on Federal statutory barriers to electronic transactions: It requires OMB to report to Congress 18 months after enactment identifying statutory barriers to electronic transactions and recommending legislation to remove such barriers.  In conclusion, M. President, I wish to acknowledge the leadership of Sen. Abraham in moving this legislation forward. He and I have teamed up successfully on other legislation, and it was a pleasure to work with him and his tireless staff on this bill. I also want to recognize the contribution of Senator Leahy, particularly with regard to the consumer protection provisions, as well as the effort of Senator Hollings. It took a bipartisan team to get this bill through the Senate today, and I look forward to continuing to work with this team as we go to conference with the House on S. 761.  I ask unanimous consent that my statement be printed in the record following Senator Abraham's statement on the passage of S. 761.  