 I think my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would be surprised to know that I agree with a number of the things they have said about the Forest Service not knowing where they are headed. Frankly, I have made much stronger statements than that in the last few days. It is very clear in the Pacific Northwest that the Forest Service is just flailing around.  The chairman of our subcommittee and I both read these Oregonian editorials talking about blame with respect to gridlock in the forests. In the Northwest, the Oregonian, our newspaper, editorialized that:       Forest biologists searching for signs of the rare mosses      listed above ought to look under the backsides of the federal      officials managing the forest plan. That seems a relatively      undisturbed habitat.  I think it is fair to say that those Forest Service officials knew for years they had to go forward with survey and management in a responsible fashion and haven't done so. So I think the comments that have been made by the chairman of the Forestry Subcommittee, Senator Craig, and the chairman of the full committee, with respect to the Forest Service not knowing where it is going, are ones that I largely share.  But where we have a difference of opinion and where I think the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden and the substitute help to bring together colleagues on both sides of the aisle is that the history of the last few years demonstrates very clearly that just spending more money on the timber sale programdoesn't help these rural communities either from an economic standpoint or from an environmental standpoint.  The fact of the matter is, Madam President and colleagues, for the last several years this Congress has authorized a greater expenditure for the timber sale program than the President of the United States has called for.  This Congress has appropriated more funds for the timber sale program, and the fact is the problems in many of these rural communities in the West, from an economic and environmental standpoint, are getting worse.  So I think the notion that throwing more money at the timber sales program is going to address the needs of these rural communities is not borne out by the events of the last few years.  What needs to be done--and what Senator Bryan and Senator Fitzgerald and I are trying to do--is to put in place a program with real accountability.  My colleague from Idaho talked about the need for accountability of the Forest Service. The chairman of the full Senate Energy Committee has correctly said more emphasis needs to be placed on oversight. The fact of the matter is that under the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment, for the first time the Congress will put in place a program in the survey and management area which has essentially shut down the forests and that will have real accountability. Under our amendment, the survey and management draft environmental impact statement will have to be completed by November 15 of this year, and the final version of that impact statement would have to be published by February 14 of 2000.  That is allowing for public comment. That is accountability. That is giving some direction to the Forest Service on the key issue that has in effect shut down the forests in our part of the country.  So the choice is, do we do business as we have done in the past, which is to throw money, for example, at a particular program, the timber sale program, or do we try, as the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment does, to tie that amendment to dealing with the key concerns that have shut down our forests and put in place real accountability in the process?  Beyond that, I think the only other major difference I have, as some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, is that they have correctly said they don't want the courts to make forest policy. Section 329, as it stands in this bill, is a lawyer employment program. This is going to be a huge bonanza for lawyers as it stands in its present form.  That is why I am hopeful that colleagues, regardless of how they feel about section 329 in its original farm, regardless of how they voted on the Robb legislation earlier, will see that the approach that Senator Bryan and Senator Fitzgerald and I are talking about tries to borrow from the philosophy of both of the approaches that have been debated on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I happen to agree with Senator Gorton and Senator Craig that the survey and management program has not worked. The Forest Service has dawdled. They have known what they were supposed to do for some time.  We can read editorials to each other for many hours to compete for who is the toughest on the Forest Service. But the fact is they haven't known where they are going, and we are going to try to get them on track. But this amendment is the very first effort in the Senate to put them on track in a way that locks in the additional money they need with a specific timetable and a blueprint for ensuring accountability.  I think for that reason it is absolutely essential that we pass it. I think it will give us an opportunity to go forward in the days ahead, which is what we are going to try to do in the oversight hearing that Chairman Craig is holding on Thursday.  I am very hopeful that those Members of this body who understand how wrong it is for the courts to make forestry policy and how important it is to have a balanced approach that will tie additional funding with accountability--and a recognition that there is more to this than appropriating additional funds for the timber sale program--will support our bipartisan amendment.  I gather we will not have a final vote on this amendment until tomorrow, and perhaps we will hear from some additional colleagues. But I am very hopeful, regardless of how a Member of this body voted on those Robb amendments or felt about the original section 329, the Gorton language, that they will see what Senator Bryan and Senator Fitzgerald and I are trying to do, which is pull together an approach that will give the Forest Service some direction, give them some accountability, and do it in a responsible fashion.  I yield the floor.  