President, I will be anxious to yield to my colleague from Massachusetts after I have had a chance for just a few minutes of discussion of this issue.  I will take a minute and outline an example of the kind of issue that we are going to see early next century and how this legislation specifically responds to it.  Let's say that Mabel's restaurant buys $10,000 worth of computers from the Jones Company and they crash on January 3 of next year. Mabel's restaurant loses a million dollars' worth of business as a result. Mabel writes to Jones Computer Company telling them that the crash was as a result of a Y2K failure; they want the computers fixed, she wants compensation for the million dollars.  Here is what happens: The Jones Computer Company has to respond within 30 days of hearing from Mabel's restaurant. They can say: Yes, Y2K failure; we are going to fix the computer the way Mabel wants, and we are going to pay the million dollars as well. Or they can say: We will fix the Y2K problem, but we don't think we ought to be responsible for the entire million dollars' loss. Mabel and Jones Computer agree Jones ought to fix them, they negotiate and come up with what Jones is liable for, and if Mabel doesn't think she is getting everything she ought to, she can go out and sue Jones immediately. Or she can say the situation isn't fixed the way she wants it and she can go out and again file a lawsuit immediately.  Now, some have said, well, what happens if the Jones Computer Company is bankrupt and insolvent? Well, Mabel can name in her lawsuit anybody she thinks is a responsible party. The jury will then decide what portion of the blame each potential defendant ought to bear. Virtually all of these cases are going to be decided on the basis of existing State contract and tort law. We lock into this legislation protection for existing contracts, and in virtually all of the cases State contract and tort law is going to be protected.  So what you are going to have is a situation where Mabel's restaurant, if it isn't fixed to her satisfaction, can go to court essentially immediately and recover all of her economic damages. She is in a position, by the way, to recover up to a quarter of a million dollars in punitive damages. I made my career with the Gray Panthers, the senior citizens group, before I came to Congress and now for 18 years in Congress, around consumer advocacy. It seems to me that is a pretty good deal, what I have outlined in this hypothetical case for this restaurant, for just about any consumer in our country.  I want to talk specifically about whether Americans are losing any legal rights in this particular legislation. I guess we could say they are losing the right to sue for a few days. As I said, they can sue immediately if they choose to. But the reason we are trying to have that 30-day period for defendants is to make sure they fix people's problems. It is better to be on line than waiting in line for that court date.  Second, I guess you can say the cap on punitive damages as it relates to small business means we are not going to stick it to small business. Well, I happen to think those small businesses are making an extraordinary contribution to our economy. So let's have a philosophical debate. The Senator from Massachusetts, who has worked hard on this issue, and I have a difference of opinion on that. We don't disagree on a whole lot of issues. I think we do disagree on that one. But I think we ought to protect the small businesses from these unlimited punitive damages.  Third, I guess you can say our legislation does make some changes with respect to joint and several liability. What we are saying, however, is that anytime you have a corporate defendant who engages in egregious conduct, rips off consumers, is guilty of fraud, joint and several liability applies in those kinds of instances. It also applies when we have individuals with a low net worth as well.  I would like the Senate to also reflect on the fact that essentially what we are doing here is what we did in the Securities Litigation Reform Act. It parallels most of the key issues in that area.  I want to wrap up by just mentioning briefly all of the major changes that were made in this legislation after it left the Senate Commerce Committee where Democrats, in a united fashion, opposed the bill.  I mentioned the 3-year sunset provision. I want it understood by all Members of this body that I will be against any bill that comes out of the conference committee that doesn't have a sufficient sunset provision. This is not changing Anglo-American jurisprudence for all time; this is a 3-year bill. We insisted on it after it came out of the Commerce Committee.  Second, the business community originally talked about a vague Federal defense that would essentially give them protection if they engage in reasonable efforts. On the basis of what we heard from the consumer groups, the Democratic leader of the Y2K effort, Senator Dodd, and I thought that was too vague, to give corporate defendants that kind of break. So we cut that out.  Third, we dropped the new preemptive Federal standard for establishing punitive damages. The only people we are protecting are the small business people. We may have a philosophical difference of opinion on that. We think those folks deserve protection.  On the question of joint and several liability, when it came out of committee, even if you engaged in fraud, even if you had a low-net-worth defendant, there wasn't protection for the plaintiff. We insisted on those kinds of changes. We said if a corporate defendant engages in outrageous conduct, if they are trying to rip somebody off, you bet joint and several applies. Senator Dodd and I insisted on that provision as well.  Also, a provision which is certainly not popular in the business community: There is liability for directors and officers if they make misleading statements or they withhold information regarding any actual or potential Y2K problems.  So at the end of the day, I believe we have a balanced bill. The defendants have an obligation under this legislation to go out and cure problems, to get their businesses online and make sure they are in a position so that this technology-driven economy can continue to hum as it has. The plaintiffs have equal obligations. They have a duty to mitigate. So there are obligations on the part of the defendants and obligations on the part of the plaintiffs.  But this is a narrow bill. It is going to discourage frivolous claims, but it is also going to make sure that those who have a legitimate, honest concern, as in that example of a small business I outlined here this morning, that that small business is going to be able to go after all of the parties, all of the parties responsible, and hold them liable for the portion of the problem to which they actually contribute. So I am very hopeful the Senate will pass this legislation.  We heard mention of the trial lawyers on the floor of the Senate earlier. Probably, prior to my involvement in this legislation, I was considered one of the better friends of those folks. Mention was made of the tobacco issue. I was the Member of Congress who got the tobacco executives under oath to say nicotine was addictive, which I think has had a little bit to do with helping to protect kids and consumers in this country. So I don't take a back seat to anybody in terms of standing up for consumer rights.  I say to the Senate today that as a result of months of difficult negotiations, led by the chairman of the Commerce Committee, Senator McCain, the Democratic leader of the Y2K effort, Senator Dodd, myself, Senator Feinstein, and others, we have brought a balanced bill to the floor of the Senate. It is going to ensure that we do not throw a monkey wrench into this technology engine that is doing so much to ensure our prosperity.  