President, well over 2 hours ago I offered the first-degree amendment that deals with an issue that ought to be totally nonpartisan, and that is protecting the relationship between health care professionals and their patients. The distinguished Senator from Texas is on the floor. I think he illustrated what the debate has now become. He wanted to talk about the Clinton health care plan of 1994. What my colleagues and I are here to talk about is giving patients and their families a voice in 1999.  In over 2 hours of discussion on the floor of the Senate, there has not been one argument--not one argument--advanced against our provision involving gag clauses; not one argument advanced against our provision protecting the providers from retaliation; not one argument advanced as it relates to this matter of making sure there are not financial incentives to keep the patients in the dark.  In 2 hours on the floor of the Senate, not one single argument was made against those positions. I think it is because the Senate understands that the free flow of information between patients and health care providers is at the heart of what we want for our health care system. It is also what this country is all about. It is what the first amendment is all about.  I know this has been a very hard debate to follow. We have had discussions about HCFA. We have had discussionsabout the Clinton health care plan of 1994. We have heard discussions about costs, about making sure that patients get all the information from their health care providers, and that providers are free from retaliation when they do give out that information, that is not going to cost a good health care plan a penny. Maybe if you are offering poor quality care it may end up costing you a little bit of money but giving people information, protecting their first amendment rights, is not going to cost a penny.  I am very hopeful our colleagues, when we get back to it, will support the first-degree amendment that was before the Senate a little over 2 hours ago, and recognize that, in the space of that time, not one single argument--not one--has been advanced against the idea that there ought to be a free flow of information. We ought to protect the relationship between health professionals and their patients.  I yield the floor.  