President, I have always been supportive of modernizing the outdated laws and regulations governing the financial services industry. It doesn't make sense to me to slap a regulatory straight-jacket on American financial companies and drive up costs for consumers while companies around the globe are able to compete unhindered by unnecessary barriers. It seems to me that you can't compete in a 21st century global financial market using a playbook that was written during the Great Depression.  But I have also believed that financial services modernization shouldn't come at the expense of consumer and community interests. In fact, back in May, I voted against the Senate version of this bill, as did 43 of my colleagues here in the Senate, because it would have devastated lending in rural and low income communities, and because it didn't adequately address the issue of consumer financial privacy.  Fortunately, this conference report is leaps and bounds better than the bill that passed along party lines here in the Senate several months ago. It won't allow financial institutions to participate in the new and improved financial market unless they maintain a good community lending record. And, while far from perfect, it also begins to address the issue of consumer financial privacy, which was virtually non-existent in the previous bill.  This bill requires financial institutions to disclose their privacy and information sharing policies to their customers. And in some instances--but not enough--it allows consumers to block these companies from sharing their private customer information with other companies. This is an improvement over the original Senate bill, and even an improvement over current law.  This is a good start on financial privacy, but it doesn't close the deal. The privacy provisions in the conference report do not provide the level of protection that the American people deserve.  There is a long way to go with respect to protecting the financial privacy of all Americans. While I am disappointed that the privacy protections in the bill are not as strong as I would like, I share the beliefs of several of my distinguished colleagues, such as Senator Sarbanes and Senator Leahy, that these protections can be and must be further strengthened by legislation next year, and I intend to work closely with my colleagues to make sure this happens.  On balance, the conference report should be adopted, and I hope that the same forces that worked so hard to move legislative mountains and align political stars to make this legislation possible will work equally as hard with me and other Senators next year to give Americans the privacy protection they demand and deserve.  