President, the issue of prescription drugs for the Nation's senior citizens is back in the headlines this morning with yet another study having been published that millions of senior citizens in America cannot afford their prescriptions.  This is the 12th time I have come to the floor in recent days to talk about this issue because I think it is so critical that the Senate act in a bipartisan way to deal with what are clearly the great out-of-pocket costs for the Nation's older people. Specifically, as this poster next to me says, I have been urging senior citizens to send in copies of their prescription drug bills to each of us in the Senate in Washington, DC.  The reason I hope we will hear from seniors around the country is there is one bipartisan bill, one that is before the Senate now, to deal with this question of prescription needs for seniors. It is the bill on which Senator Olympia Snowe and I have teamed up in recent months, and 54 Members of this body, the majority, have already voted for the funding plan that is laid out in the Snowe-Wyden legislation. So we have 54 Members of the Senate on record as supporting a specific plan to cover prescription drugs for the Nation's older people.  The model in the Snowe-Wyden legislation is something that every Member of the Senate is familiar with because it is the model we have for health care for ourselves and our families. TheSnowe-Wyden legislation is called SPICE, the Senior Prescription Insurance Coverage Equity Act. It would ensure that seniors would get their medicine at an affordable rate because our bill would allow them the bargaining power that big organizations, big purchasers such as the health maintenance organizations would have.  The tragedy today with respect to our Nation's seniors and prescriptions is they get shellacked twice; first, because Medicare does not cover prescriptions. When the program began in 1965, it did not cover prescriptions initially. Second, because the big buyers, the health maintenance organizations and the other big purchasers, are able to use their clout in the marketplace, those folks can get a discount and a senior citizen in rural Oregon or rural New Mexico or another part of this country in effect has to subsidize with their dollars the break the large organizations are getting.  Frankly, there are other ideas for dealing with this issue. Colleagues on both sides of the aisle have them. What I am trying to do to support the Snowe-Wyden bipartisan legislation is to come to the floor and, as this poster says, ask our seniors to send copies of their prescription drug bills directly to us in the Senate in Washington. I am going to, as I have done on 11 previous occasions recently, actually read from some of these bills so we can make the case for how urgent this need is.  For example, I recently received a letter from a woman in Portland who described to me what she and her husband are facing with respect to their prescription drug costs. This couple in Portland has a combined income of about $1,500 a month. She spends, from that $1,500-a-month income, $230 on prescription drugs and he spends about $180 a month. So the two of them, an elderly couple in Portland, are spending more than $400 a month on prescription drugs. They are spending upwards of $4,000 a year on their prescription medicine and, as they reported to me, they have no insurance to cover these costs.  This morning in Washington we saw, again, more press conferences on this issue. I guess we can go day after day having dueling press conferences with respect to this issue of prescription drugs. We can have a lot of finger pointing, we can have a lot of bickering, a lot of quarreling about how serious the problem is and what to do about it, but there is one bipartisan bill that uses marketplace forces to try to deal with this issue. The Snowe-Wyden legislation steers clear of price controls. We do not have a Federal regime for handling this benefit. It is not one-size-fits-all Federal policy. It uses marketplace forces to make sure seniors have choices and options and alternatives for their prescription medicines. It is based on a model that all of us are pretty familiar with because we utilize the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan.  I want to go through a couple more of these cases. I know the distinguished Senator from Louisiana is here to speak on an important matter, as are other colleagues. But I do, as part of this effort, want to highlight with these specific cases some of what we are seeing all across this country as seniors walk this economic tightrope, balancing their food costs against their fuel costs, and their fuel costs against their medical bills and find themselves, again and again, not in a position to pay for their prescriptions.  I received another letter in the last few days from a senior citizen in Oregon. She is on seven prescriptions. She has heart disease; she has high blood pressure and diabetes. She and her husband exist on Social Security and a tiny disability check. They get a couple of thousand dollars a month maximum in their income. Every month, they spend at least $300 of it on prescription drugs. That is just the wife in the household. Her husband has to spend additionally on prescription drugs. This particular elderly person wrote and said if it were not for the free samples that she was getting from her physician, she simply could not meet her expenses.  Another letter I received described a senior taking five prescription drugs. She has high blood pressure and high thyroid. She has an income of a little under $1,000 a month. She spends about $100 a month on prescription drugs. And she wrote me:       I am lucky that my kids will give me a hand when I have      difficulty in affording my prescriptions.  As part of this effort to have the Senate deal with this urgent need for older people in a bipartisan way, I would like to see the Senate consider the one bipartisan bill before us now, the Snowe-Wyden legislation. But I am sure colleagues have other ideas, and I think if we will listen to the senior citizens of this country who are sending me and our colleagues copies of these bills--as the poster says, ``Send in copies of prescription drug bills directly to us here in the Senate''--we can help the Senate deal with this issue on a bipartisan basis.  I am going to wrap up this afternoon with a question I hope a lot of colleagues are asking with respect to prescription drug coverage: Can our Nation afford to cover prescription drug costs of older people? My answer to that is: I believe we cannot afford not to ensure that our seniors get this coverage. I want to cite an example before I wrap up.  Last week, I talked about the evidence we are seeing with the new anticoagulant drugs. These are important drugs that can help seniors prevent strokes and debilitating illnesses. As a result of seniors taking these medicines, which cost about $1,000 a year, there is documented medical evidence now that these drugs can help prevent strokes, which cost upwards of $100,000 a year. So think about the investment, the wise investment--not just from a health standpoint, not just from the standpoint of trying to make sure our seniors get a fair shake but purely from a financial standpoint--the benefit of having seniors get prescription drug coverage, getting, for example, these anticoagulant drugs that cost about $1,000 a year, and seeing a savings as a result of the older person not having a stroke, of that person not incurring $100,000 in expenses that would be involved in treating the stroke.  I was director of the Gray Panthers at home for about 7 years before I was elected to the Congress. Prescription drugs were important then. You would always hear from seniors that they want this coverage. But the prescriptions today are even more important because they can help keep seniors well. Prescriptions today, helping to lower blood pressure, helping lower cholesterol, are drugs that are going to help us hold costs down for the Medicare program.  As we all know, Medicare Part A, the hospital portion, the institutional portion of the program is particularly expensive, and these drugs today, if we can get decent Medicare coverage for the Nation's older people, will help us save some of the money that would otherwise be spent under Part A of the program when seniors incur these debilitating illnesses.  I intend, as I have done now on 12 occasions, to keep coming to the floor to urge seniors to send in copies of their prescription drug bills directly to us in the Senate in hopes we can get bipartisan action. I am very proud that the Snowe-Wyden funding plan got 54 votes, a majority of votes in the Senate already for going forward with a specific plan to fund this program, but I am sure colleagues have other ideas.  The distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee is here. He has been very involved in the question of Medicare. I was very honored when Senator Moynihan, last week, spoke favorably about the SPICE legislation we have introduced. Colleagues have plenty of ideas on how to deal with it, but what is important is we go forward in a bipartisan way and not wait until after another election which is literally a year away.  In the hope the Senate will act in a bipartisan way, I intend to keep coming back to the floor to discuss this issue.  I yield the floor.  