President and colleagues, for many months now the Nation's airlines have been doing their utmost to prevent the Congress from enacting meaningful customer service protections for airline travelers. The airline industry lobbyists have fanned out across the Nation's capital telling our colleagues that meaningful protections for consumers--such as the right to timely and accurate information--are going to increase the costs for airline passengers, reduce service, and to hear them tell it, it is practically going to bring about the end of Western civilization as we know it.  As part of their campaign to prevent the enactment of enforceable legislation to protect the consumer, the airline industry has made a host of voluntary pledges to improve passenger service.  Today, I am releasing two reports, one done by the General Accounting Office and the other done by the Congressional Research Service, that show the voluntary pledges made by the airline industry are worth little more than the paper on which they are written.  Let me be specific.  After evaluating the airline industry's proposals, it is clear the airline industry provides passengers rights in three categories:  First, rights that they already have; second, rights that the airline industry is reluctant to write into the legalese that constitute the contract between the airline and the customer; and finally, their rights that are ignored altogether.  For example, among the several rights airlines refuse to provide is disclosure about overbooking on flights. If you call an airline this afternoon and ask about a particular flight and it is overbooked, the airline is not required to tell you that before they take your money. When I and other advocates for the consumer have asked them to provide just this information--we are not calling for a constitutional right to a fluffy pillow on an airline flight but just the information about overbooking--the airline industry simply won't follow through. The fact is, the industry's voluntary pledges are gobbledygook.  To determine if there was any substance to them at all, I asked the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Research Service to compare the voluntary pledges made by the industry to the hidden but actually binding contractual rights the airline passengers have that are written into what are called contracts of carriage. The General Accounting Office found that of the 16 pledges the airline industry has made to consumers, only 4 are actually provided in the contracts of carriage. Three of them are mandated already by Federal regulation, and most of them are left out altogether, including informing the customers of the lowest fare, informing customers about delays, cancellations and diversions, returning checked bags within 24 hours, providing credit card refunds within 7 days, informing the passenger about restrictions on frequent flier rules, and assigning customer service representatives to handle complaints and other problems.  Moreover, the airlines are not exactly tripping over themselves to rewrite these contracts of carriage, the actual contract that protects the consumer. When General Accounting Office officials contacted the airlines to inquire about actually putting teeth into pledge language, the officials at 10 of the major airlines said they were ``considering revisions'' to their contracts of carriage to reflect at least some of the customer service plans. Even more importantly, if the passenger wants to know what their actual contractual rights are to these key services, the airlines have made it very difficult for the consumer to find out. The Congressional Research Service points out:       Frontline airline staff seems uncertain as to just what      contracts of carriage are.  The Service found:       Even if the consumer knows that they have a right to the      information, they must accurately identify the relevant      provisions of the contract of carriage or take home the      address or phone number, if available, of the airline's      consumer affairs department, send for it, and then wait for      the contract of carriage to arrive in the mail.  As the Congressional Research Service puts it, with their usual diplomacy and understatement:       The airlines do not appear to go out of their way to      provide easy access to these contracts of carriage.  I hope my colleagues will read the actual specifics included in the airlines so-called ``customer first'' pledge. What they will see is a lot of high sounding rhetoric about improving service to the passengers, but the harsh reality is, it is business as usual.  Last year, there were an unprecedented number of complaints about airline service. Based on the figures I have just obtained for the first 6 months of this year, there has been another huge increase, in fact a doubling, in the number of consumer complaints about passenger service. It is easy to see why, when you examine how hedged and guarded the airline industry is with respect to actually giving consumers meaningful and timely information that will help them make their choices about travel.  For example, let us look briefly at the pledge to offer the lowest fare available on airline flights. What this means is if a consumer uses the telephone to call an airline and asks about a specific flight on a specific date in a specific class, the airline will tell them the lowest fare, as they are already required to do. But not only will they not provide you relevant information about lower fares on other flights on the same airline, they won't even tell you about lower fares that are probably available on their web page. The reason why is simple: They have got you when they have you on the telephone, and they will sell you the ticket when it is an opportunity to sell it and they can make money on it. But when it is a chance to help the consumer and the consumer can get a break by knowing about other fares available on the web page, there is no disclosure  The purchase of an airline ticket today in America is like virtually no other consumer choice. Unlike movie theaters that sell tickets to a movie or a sporting goods store that sells soccer balls, the airline industry provides no real assurance that you will be able to use their product as intended. Movie theaters can't cancel shows because they don't have enough people for a show, but airlines cancel flights when they don't have enough passengers. The sporting goods store can't lure you in with a pledge to give you that soccer ball at an attractive price and then give you a less desirable product at a greater cost after you get there. But the airline industry can do both of those things. They can make arbitrary cancellations. They can lure you in for a product and, after they have you, not make it available. The fact is, the airline industry is insisting they ought to be outside the basic laws that protect consumers in every other economic field from coast to coast.  I conclude by saying that over the next few weeks the Congress is going to have the chance to right the wrongs spelled out by the Congressional Research Service and the General Accounting Office studies that I release today. I look forward to working with my colleagues on a bipartisan basis to make sure airline passengers across this country get a fair shake.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and thank my colleague from Nevada.  