President, I think it is extraordinarily important that the Senate take steps promptly to remedy some of the loopholes in the antiquated Death on the High Seas Act. I have had constituents bring to my attention a tragedy that is almost unique in my years of working in the consumer protection field.  Mr. John Sleavin, one of my constituents, testified before the Commerce Committee that he lost his brother, Mike, his nephew, Ben, and his niece, Annie, under absolutely grotesque circumstances. The family's pleasure boat was run over by a Korean freighter in international waters. The only survivor was the mother, Judith Sleavin, who suffered permanent injuries. The accident was truly extraordinary because, after the collision, there was absolutely no attempt by the Korean vessel to rescue the family or even to notify authorities about the collision. Mr. Sleavin's brother and his niece perished after 8 hours in the water following the collision. It was clear to me that there was an opportunity to have rescued this family. Yet there was no remedy.  We have had very compelling testimony on this problem in the Senate Commerce Committee. The chairman has indicated a willingness to work with me on this. We have a Coast Guard bill coming up, and because this is an important consumer protection issue and a contentious one, I don't want to do anything to take a big block of additional time.  I will yield at this time for a colloquy with the chairman in the hopes that we can finally get this worked out so we don't have Americans subject to the kind of tragic circumstances we saw in this case, where a family was literally mowed down in international waters by a Korean freighter and should have been rescued and, tragically, loved ones were lost. I feel very strongly about this.  I yield now to the chairman of the full committee to hear his thoughts on our ability to get this loophole-ridden Death on the High Seas Act changed, and particularly doing it on the Coast Guard bill that will be coming up.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I thank my friend from Oregon. I know he has been heavily involved in this issue for a long time. We will have the Coast Guard bill scheduled for markup. At that time, I hope the Senator from Oregon will be able to propose an amendment addressing this issue. But I also remind my friend that there may be objection within the committee as well. I know he fully appreciates that. There is at least one other Senator who doesn't agree with this remedy. But I think we should bring up this issue and it should be debated and voted on. I think certainly the Senator from Oregon has the argument on his side in this issue.  