President, today I rise to introduce the Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 with my colleague Senator Bill Frist of Tennessee. This bill encourages innovation in our schools by expanding the Ed-Flex demonstration program from a handful of states to all states. Mr. President, education dollars should be spent in the classroom, not the front office. That common-sense philosophy is at the heart of an exciting new education program known as education flexibility, or Ed-Flex.  In the raging debate over the federal government's role in education, Ed-Flex defines a third-way approach--allowing local schools to receive federal assistance while being freed from the burden of unnecessary, time-consuming Washington resolutions. Local school boards, principals, teachers, and parents have the flexibility to find creative solutions that make sense in their own communities, and are held accountable for achieving real results. Ed-Flex accomplishes this by giving states the authority to grant waivers from federal regulations to individual schools or local education agencies, in exchange for agreeing to meet specific targets for student improvement.  In other words, a school that agrees to meet high standards can receive federal aid without having to worry about complying with the hundreds and hundreds of pages of regulations, and filling out the voluminous forms that usually go along with that assistance. Virtually every school district in the country, for example, employs staff whose job is to make sure that the schools are in compliance with rules for the government's Title I program. Ed-Flex could allow school districts to use fewer compliance officers and hire more teachers instead.  Ed-Flex is currently being tried as a pilot program in a dozen states aroundthe country, and the results have been impressive:  Oregon community colleges and high schools work together to streamline their vocational education programs. As a result, more students are learning technical skills, such as computer programming, and graduating from high school.  The Phelps Luck Elementary School in Howard County, Maryland has used its waiver to provide one-on-one tutoring for reading students who have the greatest need in grades 1-5. They also used their waiver to lower the average student/teacher ratio in mathematics and reading from 25 to 1 to 12 to 1.  Achievement scores from Texas, the state which has implemented Ed-Flex most broadly, confirm that Ed-Flex can improve academic performance. After only two years of implementation, preliminary statewide results on the Texas Assessment of Academic Skills show that districts with Ed-Flex waivers outperformed districts that didn't take advantage of the program by a full three points in reading and more than two in math.  For African-American students, the gains were even greater. At Westlawn Elementary School in LaMarque, Texas, for example, African-American students improved almost 23% over their 1996 math test scores, after the school put an Ed-Flex waiver into practice.  Ed-Flex will help schools raise achievement levels by giving them a powerful weapon to cut through the red tape that sometimes keeps teachers and principals tied up in knots. This frees them up to focus full time on giving children the best possible education. The Ohio Department of Education wrote in an annual report that Ed-Flex helps create an environment which ``encourages creativity, thoughtful planning, and innovation.'' And in Oregon, the nation's first Ed-Flex state, the program has brought ``greater flexibility and better coordination to federal education programs.''  At the heart of all this innovation is accountability. Schools need to demonstrate that what they are doing produces results. If it doesn't, Ed-Flex provides an opportunity to move on to something else that might be more effective. Parents and taxpayers should rightfully demand that schools be responsible for meeting the goals that are set for them.  Last year, Senator Frist and I introduced legislation to expand Ed-Flex nationwide, and broaden its use in the states where it's already in place. With the support of a bipartisan group of 21 cosponsors, the bill passed almost unanimously through the Senate Labor Committee. In the House, Representatives Castle and Roemer introduced a companion bill with 25 cosponsors. Unfortunately, the bills fell victim to legislative gridlock at the end of the 105th Congress. But today, at the beginning of the 106th Congress, we are reintroducing the bill with an eye toward its passage. The National Governors' Association has made expansion of Ed-Flex a top priority, and both President Clinton and Education Secretary Riley have announced their support for Ed-Flex. The time for action is near.  Every hour school officials spend filling out a government form is an hour that could be spent giving special attention to a child. Every dollar spent on complying with unproductive mandates from Washington, DC, is a dollar that could be spent on something that works. With a good education more important than ever, and confidence in our schools at an all-time low, it's time to try something different. Flexibility and accountability can be the key to a brighter future. Congress should expand Ed-Flex, and allow a flurry of creativity across our entire country to give our children a brighter future. 