 Mr. President and colleagues, I offer this amendment with a number of our colleagues to protect the relationship between health professionals and their patients.  What this amendment is all about is essentially ensuring that patients can get all the facts and all of the information about essential health care services for them and their families.  If ever there was an amendment that does not constitute HMO bashing, this would be it.  I don't see how in the world you can make an argument for saying that in the United States at the end of the century, when doctors sit down with their patients and their families, the doctors have to keep the patients in the dark with respect to essential services and treatment options for them.  Unfortunately, that is what has taken place. They are known as ``gag clauses.''  They are chilling the relationship between doctor and patient, and they are at the heart of what I seek to do in this amendment with my colleagues.  I think Members of this body can disagree on a variety of issues with respect to managed care. I have the highest concentration of older people in managed care in my hometown in the United States. Sixty percent of the older people in my hometown are in managed care programs. We need this legislation, but at the same time we have a fair amount of good managed care.  But today we are saying even though Members of the Senate will have differences of opinion, for example, on the role of government and health care, we will have differences of opinion with respect to the role of tax policy in American health care.  If you vote for this amendment, you say we are going to make clear that all across this country, in every community, when doctors sit down with their patients and their families, they will be told about all of their options--all of their options, and not just the ones that are inexpensive, not just the ones that perhaps a particular health plan desires to offer, but all of the options.  It doesn't mean the health plan is going to have to pay for everything. It means the patients won't be in the dark.  By the way, when I talked to the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts shortly after coming to the Senate, a majority of Members of this body said these gag clauses should not be a part of American health care.  Let's differ on a variety of issues--the role of government, the role of taxes--but let's not say, as we move into the next century in the era of the Internet and the opportunity to get information, that the one place in America where you keep patients in the dark would be when they sit down with their provider and cannot be told all the options.  There are other important parts of this amendment. One that complements the bar on gag clauses, in my view, is the provision that makes sure providers would be free from retaliation when they provide information to their patients, when they advocate for their patients.  This amendment is about protecting the relationship between patients and their health care providers. If ever there was something that clearly did not constitute HMO bashing, it is this particular amendment.  Unfortunately, across this country we have seen concrete examples of why this legislation is needed; why, in fact, we do have these restrictions on what forces health care professionals to stay in line rather than tell their patients what the options are with respect to their health care. We have seen retaliation against health care workers who are trying to do their job.  It strikes me as almost incomprehensible that a Senator would oppose either of these key provisions. What Member of the Senate can justify keeping their constituents in the dark with respect to information about health care services? I don't see how any Member of the Senate can defend gag clauses. That is what Senators who oppose this amendment are doing. This amendment says to patients across America that they will be able to get the facts about health care services.  We talked yesterday about costs to health care plans. What are the costs associated with giving patients and families information? That is what this legislation does. In addition, it says when providers supply that information, plans cannot retaliate against providers for making sure that consumers and families are not in the dark.  We have seen instances of that kind of retaliation. It strikes me that it goes right to the heart of the doctor-patient relationship if we bar these plans from making sure patients can get the truth. It goes right to the heart of the doctor-patient relationship if providers are retaliated against, as we have seen in a variety of communities.  