President, I express my appreciation to the Senator from Nevada for all his effort in working with me and other colleagues from the Pacific Northwest on this issue. Folks in your part of the United States want to be sensitive to environmental values and economic needs in our communities. As a result of recent court decisions and other problems, instead of that win-win, we have essentially had a lose-lose, where we are not doing what is needed to protect environmental values; nor are we doing what is needed to protect communities--particularly rural communities--that have very legitimate economic concerns as a result of having resource-dependent economies.  The Senator from Nevada has been working with us. I will begin my remarks by saying what we are trying to do in the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment is incorporate some of the thinking that has been behind what the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Gorton, has talked about on the floor and some of what Senator Robb tried to do last week with respect to environmental values. I think if you look at the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment, you will see, to some degree, efforts to try to reconcile some of the important points that Senator Gorton has made and the important points Senator Robb has made that are brought together in our amendment so we can take advantage of an opportunity to both improve the environment and move timber more quickly from the forests to the mills.  When President Clinton took office in 1993, he came to the Pacific Northwest with a promise to help resolve the battle over owls and old growth. The administration put in place the Northwest Forest Plan which promised protection for my State's ancient forests, and also sustainable forestry for a State that has long been dependent in rural communities on forestry for family wage jobs.  Over the past few months, the plan, which has already been failing to deliver what it promised, threatened to come completely undone when a Federal judge ruled that the Forest Service had failed to conduct biological surveys--an obligation known as survey and management--as required under the court-approved Northwest Forest Plan.  Later this week, in the Forestry Subcommittee, chaired by my friend and colleague, Senator Craig, we are going to talk about who exactly is to blame for that fiasco. But today, we in the Pacific Northwest are left with dozens of suspended timber sales as a result of the Forest Service's failure to follow through on environmental protection obligations.  The Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment would earmark resources for this costly environmental work and place a stringent timetable on the completion of the surveys' environmental impact statement. Thus, by making sure these environmental surveys get done, and done quickly, we will help both the environment and timber workers do well.  Building on the philosophy that we heard from Senator Gorton, that the program has not worked very well, and what we heard from Senator Robb about the importance of environmental values, what Senator Bryan, Senator Fitzgerald, and I are trying to do is incorporate some of the thinking behind both of those approaches so we can try to put this survey and management program on track but also bring to it some of the accountability that Senators Gorton and Craig are absolutely right in saying has been lacking in the past.  I have shared, as I say, many of the concerns of the manager of the bill. But I don't think we can simply waive survey and management requirements altogether because what will happen is that will lead to a full employment program for lawyers if it were adopted and, even if in the short term, very serious problems because the bill would be vetoed by the President if section 329 survived conference in its present form.  In August of this year, right after the first Northwest Forest Plan timber sales were enjoined, Senator Murray and I sent a letter to Under Secretary Lyons asking that the Forest Service and BLM meet with our offices to discuss how and why the survey and management requirements were stopping the Northwest Forest Timber Program and what could be done about it.  Initially, in the August meeting between agency staff and the congressional staff, held both in D.C. and in my hometown of Portland, the Forest Service stated that $10 million more funding for personnel and addressing the scientific issues was necessary in order to get the survey and management program back on track. So let's be clear; the survey and management program is an unparalleled undertaking. It is going to provide new scientific protocols and data that can be useful in forests across the country. But it has to be done in a way that addresses the legitimate issues with respect to accountability that our colleague from Washington State, Senator Gorton, and Senator Craig of Idaho have addressed on this floor.  So the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment directs $10 million for survey and management requirements to help the Forest Service conduct surveys on judicially stalled timber sales for species with known survey protocols. It will help the Service create protocols for the species currently lacking such data. This money starts us toward completion of the environmental scientific work that is necessary to move timber sales toward harvest.  During the August meetings, the Forest Service was initially optimistic about the time it would take them to complete the environmental impact statements which they believe will answer the questions with respect to the success of the Northwest Forest Plan. At first, the Forest Service told me in a draft response to the letter Senator Murray and I sent them that the environmental impact statement, draft statement, would be completed this fall, and that the final would be ready early next year. Now the Forest Service is telling us that the draft will be available for public comment by December and perhaps the final environmental impact statement will be ready in May or June of next year. They have not given us any indication, other than overlap of this work with the holidays, why the timing of the work had to change.  The Forest Service has been working on this project since 1997 and knew since 1994 that the survey and management requirement was coming down the pike. I certainly wasn't one who succeeded in getting his homework always done on time, but the Forest Service's timetable reflects extraordinarily poor planning, by any calculus.  It is time for some accountability. We are going to have a chance to discuss those accountability issues later this week. I note the chairman of the Forestry Subcommittee has arrived. He knows I share many of his concerns about the lack of accountability with respect to the Forest Service on survey and management, and in other key areas.  The Forest Service needs administrative deadlines to move this process along. They need to make this environmental impact statement a priority and get it done. The Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment states the survey and management draft environmental impact statement should be completedby November 15 of this year, and the final version of that impact statement should be published by February 14, 2000.  Those deadlines also allow for the public a comment period required by law, plus some additional time for open and public discussion.  This administration for years has been promising Congress they will get to work on the Northwest Forest Plan. The time for those empty promises is over. This administration needs some direction, and they need the extra money to achieve it.  Finally, let me reiterate what I think the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment does. I say this to colleagues on both sides of the aisle. It incorporates much of the important analysis done by Senator Gorton and Senator Craig with respect to why the survey and management program has not worked and why the administration has dragged its feet on it while at the same time trying to incorporate the environmental concerns Senator Robb has legitimately addressed to ensure this program gets carried out.  Under the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment, we would add the money necessary to carry it out. But we would finally have some real accountability and some real deadlines to make sure these important obligations, both in terms of environmental protection and in terms of meeting economic needs of rural communities, are addressed.  I hope my colleagues on both sides will support it. If we adopt this amendment, I believe the end result will be healthier forests and a healthier timber economy.  I, again, thank my colleague from Nevada for all of his assistance. I know my colleagues from Idaho and Washington as members of our Senate delegation from the Northwest have strong views on this as well. The Senator from Idaho knows how much I enjoy working with him. We are getting ready to go forward with our accounting payment legislation which gives us a chance to break some gridlock in that area. I am hopeful as we go forward on this important Interior bill we can also break the gridlock with respect to survey management and have additional funds that are needed but also additional accountability. That is why I am hopeful my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will support the Bryan-Fitzgerald-Wyden amendment.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins). The Senator from Idaho.  