President and colleagues, these two amendments are essential to begin to ensure that passengers in this country get a fair shake with respect to airline service.  We have seen in recent months that the airline industry is going to great lengths with their so-called customer service pledge to try, through a series of voluntary promises, to show to the American people that they are really committed to improving airline service.  The fact is, Mr. President and colleagues, two studies that have just come out demonstrate that these voluntary promises by the airline industry really are not worth much more than the paper on which they are written. So I am very pleased to come to the floor of the Senate today with my good friend, the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Shelby, and the ranking minority member, Senator Lautenberg, to make it very clear that in two key areas--overbooking and making sure that passengers can be informed of the lowest fare available--the inspector general will be directed to investigate promptly when in fact consumers are ripped off in those areas.  Let me touch specifically on both of those provisions.  The first deals with the overbooking issue. In addition to my friend from Alabama, the chairman of the subcommittee, I am very pleased Senator Campbell has joined us in this effort, as well as Senator Feingold from this side of the aisle. It is truly bipartisan.  The reason it is needed is that if this morning you call an airline and inquire about purchasing a ticket on a flight and they are overbooked, that airline does not have to tell you they are overbooked before they take your money.  We do not think that is right. We think the public has the right to know. Certainly the airline ought to be in a position to sell you a ticket even if they are overbooked, but it ought to be the consumer's right to have that information before they actually put their money down.  So the first proposal we are offering today makes sure that consumers will be informed in these instances of overbooking.  The second amendment we are offering deals with making sure that passengers can be adequately informed of the lowest fare available on flights. Finding the lowest airfare is one of the great mysteries of Western life. Today on any given flight, there may be as many different fares as there are passengers on the plane. So with respect to this matter of making sure the passengers can be informed of the lowest fare available, I offer a second amendment, again with the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Shelby, and the ranking minority member, Senator Lautenberg, to make sure that passengers will be in a position to be informed of the lowest fares.  Some airlines right now are giving customers with computers a price break just because they have a computer to access the web site. We have all heard about the digital divide. In fact, some folks have the technology; others do not. The current situation penalizes the technology have-nots; they have to pay a higher fare. Of course, when the airlines have you, the customer, on the phone, they have in fact ``got you.'' You may not own a computer or have access to one. You have to pay whatever price the airline quotes you.  No matter how a customer contacts an airline--at the ticket counter, over the phone, or through the airline's web site--it is the view of the sponsors of this amendment--myself, the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Shelby, and the distinguished ranking minority member, Senator Lautenberg--that the consumer ought to be informed.  Right now, on a voluntary pledge that has been made by the airline industry, there is a lot of high-sounding rhetoric in telling customers about the lowest fare, but the harsh reality is it is essentially business as usual.  In fact, I think it is worth noting the language in the pledge, as it stands today, to offer the lowest fare available. What the pledge by the airline industry stipulates today is: If a consumer uses the phone to call an airline and asks about a specific flight on a specific day in a specific class, the airline will tell you the lowest fare. That is something that they are already required to do by current regulation.  Not only will they not provide you relevant information about lower fares on other flights on the same airline, they will not even tell you about lower fares that are probably on their web page.  For example, a Delta agent recently quoted a consumer over the phone a round trip fare to Portland--my hometown--of $400. Five minutes later, the consumer found a price for $218 for the exact flight on Delta's web page.  I do want to leave time for other colleagues to be able to speak on these amendments. Both of the amendments, it seems to me, hit critical issues with respect to disclosure to airline passengers of information that they need to make their travel choices.  We are not calling for a constitutional right to a fluffy pillow on an airline flight or a jumbo bag of peanuts. We are saying the public has the right to know.  We had 100,000 people bumped last year, and we are finding, in the first 6 months of this year, consumer complaints are growing at an unprecedented level with respect to airline service.  Unfortunately, this voluntary pledge by the airline industry is essentially toothless. They give you three kinds of rights: First, a set of rights that you already have, and that deals with the disabled; second, rights that they are reluctant to actually write into the legalese that constitute the real contract between the consumer and the airline--these are known as contracts of carriage; and, finally, the consumers' rights that are ignored altogether.  The Wyden-Shelby-Lautenberg amendments we will be voting on at 11 o'clock ensure that those rights which are being ignored altogether would be protected, that in the future consumers will be informed when a flight is overbooked. Consumers would be in a position to learn the lowest fare available, and if that is not the case, under this amendment the Department of Transportation is directed to go on out and investigate that as a deceptive trade practice, and the consumer is protected.  So I will reserve the remainder of my time. We may have other colleagues who want to speak. But again, I express my appreciation to the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Shelby. He and Senator Lautenberg have worked very closely with us on this amendment.  I reserve the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  