President.  Mr. President, I would like to follow up briefly on this Ed-Flex issue, first to thank the minority leader, who is clearly making a very strong effort to work this out and be conciliatory.  I would also like to thank the majority leader, Senator Lott, who is making such an effort as well.  I want to advise our colleagues that we are going to work through the weekend to try to come up with a way that is fair for all concerned.  I think Senator Daschle made it clear these Democratic amendments are critical, it is important there is an opportunity they be discussed, and--conciliatory on the part of the leader--that there would be time agreements. I think the majority leader has made a very sensible statement of why this bill is a priority.  It is critically important that the more than $11 billion that go out in programs covered by Ed-Flex is spent wisely. What we have found in the 12 States that are now using Ed-Flex is that a few miles from here, just a few miles from here, existing dollars now allocated under title I are being used to cut class size in half to make sure that kids can get the education they need.  For those of you who think that the Senator from Washington, Senator Murray, is making an important contribution in terms of the extra teachers, I want it clear that I support that. It is needed. But I support just as strongly--and I would say this especially to my Democratic friends--the proposition that we use money that is now allocated wisely. And we are not doing that today.  Under current law, for example, poor kids who want to get access to advanced computing aren't able to do it in a lot of instances because these programs put them into a regulatory straitjacket. In a lot of instances, we could boost the test scores up for poor kids. We haven't been able to do that because of some of the bureaucracy associated with these programs.  Last night we had a discussion about what these programs mean to parents. I happen to agree with the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, the parents don't focus on Ed-Flex in bureaucratic terms. They do focus on results. I can assure you, the parents of those youngsters a few miles from here who have had their class size cut in half as a result of Ed-Flex are very appreciative of that. Because of Senator Kennedy and Senator Hatfield, in 1994 we began this effort to pass Ed-Flex. It is time to expand it.  Around this country there has not been one example of an abuse associated with Ed-Flex--not one. But there are plenty of examples of why Ed-Flex is working for poor kids from coast to coast. Go see those kids in the State of Maryland--our friend, Senator Sarbanes, is here--where they have used those dollars to cut class size. Or come to my home State of Oregon where, because of bureaucratic rules, it was not possible for poor kids to get advanced computing at their schools.  I know a number of my colleagues would like to speak, and I want to let them have that opportunity. But just know--because of the very conciliatory offer that has been made by the minority leader, Senator Daschle, this morning, and the majority leader, Senator Lott, I believe is also trying to accommodate both sides--those of us who are sponsoring this legislation are going to work throughout the weekend to see if we can get a sensible time agreement that is fair to both sides.  As the Democratic sponsor of Ed-Flex, I want to again state to my colleagues, I think the contribution of our friend from Washington, Senator Murray, is important and the Boxer amendment on afterschool programs is critically important--but it is just as important to show that those $11-plus billion that are now allocated in title I and other programs are being spent wisely. In fact, for those colleagues who share my view that we need more financial assistance in these key areas, I submit the best way to make the case for getting additional funds is to show taxpayers you are spending more wisely the dollars that are allocated at this time.  I look forward to some long hours over this weekend, working with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Education, in my view, is the premier issue of our time. I think that is why the Members of the Senate feel so strongly about it.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gorton). The Senator from Washington.  