 Mr. President, first, in the package of amendments with respect to overbooking and making sure the passenger has the lowest fare available, that has nothing to do with seat size. I think all of our colleagues know it.  The reason the Consumer Federation of America and Consumers Union put on the floor for each Member of this body a strong endorsement letter for these two amendments this morning is that they think the public has a right to know this basic information. That is all these two amendments are about.  The fact is that my good friend from West Virginia has a difference of opinion with respect to the airline industry voluntary pledges.  I agree with the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Research Service. They came out with reports this week that essentially showed that with respect to these voluntary industry pledges, there is no ``there'' there. These voluntary industry pledges either involve rights that the consumer already has, No. 1, rights that the airline industry is unwilling to write into the contract between the airline and the consumer, known as contracts of carriage, or rights that are essentially ignored altogether, which are overbooking.  Nobody is talking about micromanagement or a constitutional right to fluffy pillows. We are talking about basic information for the public.  What has happened since the voluntary industry agreement of earlier this summer is, two congressional reports have come out--a report by the Congressional Research Service and a report by the General Accounting Office. Let me read from a portion of what the General Accounting Office has said. The General Accounting Office said with respect to the key measures in the voluntary package--ensuring customer service from an airline, cosharing partners, a refund provision, a special needs provision--these are already required.  The airline industry has tried, with a lot of hocus-pocus with the voluntary pledges, to convince the Congress and the American people that they really are responding substantively when in fact this is essentially old wine in new bottles.  That is why this morning the Consumers Union and the Consumer Federation have put on to the desks of each Member of this body a strong endorsement letter. This is about the public's right to know, the public's right to disclosure of information in two areas: The lowest fare; second, with respect to overbooking. That is what this issue is about.  Members can either be with the passengers or Members can be with the airline industry, which the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Research Service said this week has offered voluntary pledges that are woefully deficient because they essentially do nothing other than restate current law.  I yield the floor, and I reserve the remainder of my time.  