President, since we are on the FAA bill this morning, I will take a few minutes to discuss the issue of airline passenger rights.  In the face of a wave of consumer complaints which are running at twice the number this time last year, the airline industry has proposed a Customer First program. I will take a few minutes this morning to ensure the Senate understands what this program is all about. After the industry released its voluntary proposal, I asked the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Search Service to analyze what the industry had actually proposed. In summary, these two reports--the one done by the General Accounting Office and the one done by the Congressional Research Service--demonstrates, unfortunately, when it comes to the industry's plan to protect passenger rights, there is no ``There there.''  These two reports found the airline industry's proposal puts passenger rights into three categories: first, rights that passengers already have, as in the rights of the disabled; second, rights that have no teeth in them because they are not written into the contracts of carriage between the passenger and the airline; third, rights that are ignored altogether, such as the right to full information on overbooking and ensuring that passengers can find out about the lowest possible fare.  Specifically, I asked the General Accounting Office to compare the voluntary pledges made by the airline industry to the hidden but actually binding contractual rights airline passengers have that are written into something known as a contract of carriage. The Congressional Research Service pointed out:       . . .front line airline staff seem uncertain as to what      contracts of carriage are.  The Congressional Research Service found that:       . . . even if the consumer knows they have a right to the      information, they must accurately identify the relevant      provisions of the contract of carriage or take home the      address or phone number, if available, of the airline's      consumer affairs department, send for it and wait for the      contract of carriage to arrive in the mail.  As the Congressional Research Service states with their unusual tact and diplomacy:       . . . the airlines do not appear to go out of their way to      provide easy access to contract of carriage information.  I want the Senate to know the current status of passenger rights so we can begin to strengthen the hand of passengers at a time when we have a record number of consumer complaints.  Two weeks ago, the Senate began the task of trying to empower the passengers with the Transportation appropriations bill. In that legislation, we directed the Department of Transportation inspector general to investigate unfair and deceptive practices in the airline industry. The Department of Transportation inspector general does not currently conduct these investigations so we added the mandatory binding consumer protection language in the Transportation appropriations bill to ensure the Transportation inspector general would have exactly the same authority to investigate these consumer protection issues that I proposed in the airline passenger bill of rights early this session.  On this FAA bill, I am proposing another step to help passengers. The purpose of the amendment I offer is to make sure customers can find out whether the airlines are actually living up to their voluntary commitments by beginning to write them into the contracts of carriage--the binding agreement between the passenger and the airline.  This is what the law division of the Congressional Research Service had to say on that point:       It would appear that the voluntary aviation industry      standards would probably not have the same level of      contractual enforceability that the provisions of the      ``contract of carriage'' has. Under basic American contract      law, the airlines offer certain terms and service under these      ``contracts of carriage'' and the consumer accepts this offer      and relies on the terms of the contract when he or she buys a      ticket. The voluntary industry standards are not the basis of      the contract and may lack the enforceability that the      conditions of the ``contract of carriage'' may possess.  What especially troubles me is that the airlines are clearly dragging their feet on actually writing these consumer protection provisions in any kind of meaningful fashion.  In fact, one of the proposals I saw from American Airlines stipulates specifically that their pledges to the consumer are not enforceable, that they are not going to be in the contracts of carriers.  Under my amendment on this FAA bill, the Department of Transportation inspector general is going to investigate whether an airline means what it says, whether it is actually moving to put these various nice-sounding, voluntary proposals into meaningful language. I am very hopeful that as a result of this amendment, we are going to know the truth about actually what kind of consumer protection proposals are in the airline industry's package.  This amendment has been shared with the ranking minority member of the committee and the ranking minority member of the subcommittee, and I have talked about it with the chairman of the full committee, Senator McCain. Also, it has been shared with the chairman of the subcommittee.  There are many things in this good bill with which I agree. I am especially pleased, with Senator Rockefeller, Senator McCain, and Senator Gorton, we are taking steps to improve competition. I am very pleased, for example, we are doing more for small and medium-size markets. These are very sensible proposals.  My concern is that together and on a bipartisan basis, we need to persuade the airline industry to put just a small fraction of the ingenuity and expertise they have that has produced one of the world's truly extraordinary safety records--the airline industry's safety record is extraordinary, and I simply want to see them put the ingenuity and expertise they have into trying to ensure that passengers get a fair shake as well.  It is not right at a time like this, particularly when many of the airlines are making such significant profits, to leave airline service for the passengers out on the runway. The figures are indisputable. There are a record number of complaints. I hear constantly from business travelers about the unbelievable problems they have with failure to disclose, for example, overbooking. Many consumers have had problems trying to find out about the lowest fare.  With the binding consumer protection language that was adopted in the Transportation appropriations bill so there will be an investigation into the problems I outlined in the airline passenger bill of rights, we have made a start. Today we will have a chance to build on that by making sure these voluntary pledges begin to show up in the contracts of carriage that actually protect the consumer.  I express my thanks to Chairman McCain and Senators Rockefeller and Gorton for working with me on these matters and particularly to make sure the Senate knows that in many areas, the areas that promote competition and address the needs of small and medium-size airports--this is an important bill. We can strengthen it with this consumer protection amendment.  I yield the floor.  