President, first I express my thanks to the bipartisan leadership of the committee, Chairman Shelby, who has been extraordinarily helpful on this matter, which is a critical issue of protecting the rights of airline passengers in this country, and I also thank my longtime friend, Senator Lautenberg, who has spent a great deal of time with me on this issue over the last few months. The bipartisan leadership of this committee stands out in the Congress in terms of trying to ensure that airline passengers get a fair shake. It is high time, Mr. President, and colleagues.  Last year, we saw an unprecedented increase in the number of complaints by airline passengers about shoddy service. In the first 6 months of this year, we have seen another unprecedented increase in complaints by passengers of airline service.  This is the first of two amendments I intend to offer with the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Shelby, and the ranking minority member, Mr. Lautenberg, to try to balance the scales and ensure that the passengers get a fair shake and, in particular, get information about key services, such as the lowest fare, and accurately be told when a flight is overbooked.  I emphasize to my colleagues that I am not proposing the Congress establish a constitutional right to a fluffy pillow on an airplane flight or a jumbo bag of peanuts. But I think airline passengers have a right to timely and accurate information.  The purchase of an airline ticket today in America is like virtually no movie choice. Unlike movie theaters that sell tickets to a movie or a store that sells soccer balls, the airline industry provides no real assurance that they will be able to use the product as intended. They have made a variety of voluntary pledges to try to turn around this situation. But what we have seen in the last few days as a result of a study by the GAO and a study by the Congressional Research Service is that these voluntary pledges by the airline industry aren't worth much more than the paper they are written on.  I am very pleased to offer this first amendment to try to ensure that passengers can be informed when an airline is overbooked.  Again, I thank the bipartisan leadership of the committee. In addition to Senators Shelby and Lautenberg, Senators Campbell and Feingold have also been supportive in finally holding these airlines accountable with respect to making sure passengers are informed when a flight is overbooked. That is the problem today in America with overbooking. If you call an airline right now and they are overbooked, they won't tell you that before they sell you a ticket. The public has a right to know. The passengers have a right to know. These voluntary pledges aren't going to do it.  For example, the voluntary pledge the airline industry has made on overbooking is, and I quote:       They will disclose to passengers upon request whether the      flight on which the passenger is ticketed is overbooked if      within the usual and ordinary scope of such employee's work,      the information is available to the airline employee to whom      the request is made.      In plain English, that means if you are lucky and happen      to ask the right employee, you may get a straight answer      on overbooking.  This bipartisan amendment says the Department of Transportation inspector general can and should investigate as a deceptive trade practice the failure to inform the consumer when a flight is overbooked. In 1997, the Department of Transportation reported the airlines bumped more than 1 million passengers. Since that time, more than 100,000 passengers have been bumped involuntarily. This means more than 100,000 passengers are paying for seats they never sat in.  I think it is time to make sure the public's right to know is protected. This first bipartisan amendment gives Members that opportunity.  My thanks to my senior colleague, the chairman, and the ranking minority member. I urge the Senate to adopt this amendment.  I yield the floor.  