It is a chance to take a practical step to deal with these negative ads. I believe it is possible to have a real debate about public issues without taking an approach that coarsens the public dialog and alienates so many people from the political process.  I am very proud that Senator Smith and I put out a bipartisan agenda for the people of our State. We said, on important things for our State, that politics is going to stop at the State's borders. We said we do not want a part of the negative politics practiced in that special election to replace Bob Packwood. Frankly, Senator Gordon Smithsummed it up pretty well when we talked about those negative ads after he was elected to the Senate and people were talking about our working together. He asked me how I felt when he ran his ads; how my kids looked at those ads?  I said: Well, Gordon, they were pretty upset by those ads.  He said: What did you tell your daughter?  I said: Gordon, I said when you ran those ads, me looking like I hadn't shaved for a couple of weeks, like a convict who had just gotten out of prison, I told my daughter Lilly, ``Gordon Smith doesn't mean those things. He's just kidding, Lilly. He doesn't mean those negative ads.''  Gordon, to his credit, said on television to the people of Oregon: I want to tell Lilly Wyden she's right. I didn't really mean those things I was saying about her dad.  Madam President, colleagues, we all know that this system is out of kilter. We all know that. Clearly we are going to have to take some bold steps in a bipartisan way to put it back on track. But I ask my colleagues to look seriously at the proposal that Senator Bingaman and I will bring to the floor later this week. It is a practical step that we could take against the virus of negative ads, negative ads that produce this spiraling effect where each side runs one that is more negative than the previous one, and the public is alienated.  Our proposal, based on the analysis done by the law division of the Congressional Research Service, is constitutional. Frankly, it is a lot less intrusive than a variety of requirements imposed on broadcasters right now. Broadcast licensees have to comply with equal time and reasonable access provisions. The Supreme Court has upheld them. The proposal we made that broadcast licensees providing the lowest unit rate available to candidates actually make the candidates offer their statements in person is one I am absolutely convinced the Supreme Court will uphold. They upheld the equal time and reasonable access provision. They will uphold this one as well.  It is time to change the current communications law and require, when candidates reference their opponent in a radio or television ad, that they have to appear in order to qualify for the lowest unit rate. If they do not want the lowest unit rate, they can go about the business of having various anonymous groups and sources continue to attack their opponent. But I do not think there ought to be a constitutional right to a broadcasters subsidy--that is what we have today--and, fortunately, the Library of Congress agrees with me. I think candidates ought to stand by their ads. Candidates for public office in the future ought to have greater direct responsibility for their ads.  The amendment Senator Bingaman and I have prepared would do just that. It is a complement to the proposal offered by Republican Congressman Gregg Walden in the other body. I hope my colleagues will look favorably on it. As one who comes to the floor today to talk about this negative ad question with personal experience, I will tell you I believe this issue, this question of the corrosive, ugly pettiness that has dominated so much of television advertising, ought to be at the top of the list of the reforms we pursue in this body. It ought to be at the top of our priority list, to look at ways to root out of American politics the negative nature of so much of this debate.  We can have profound differences of opinion. We can have sharp and profound differences of opinion without letting politics fall into the gutter of the negative, petty, ugly kind of politicking, as we have seen so many good people--good people--get caught up in across this country.  My colleague, Senator Bingaman, will have more to say about our joint proposal when he comes to the floor. I ask, again, when we get to this issue later in the debate, our colleagues look favorably on a proposal that I think will make a real difference in American politics and will begin to drain the swamp that has contaminated so much of our public dialog.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  