Here is the kind of concern I think the high-technology sector would have to focus on the manufacturer. That deals with this issue of interoperability where, in effect, if you have one system or product that is Y2K compliant but, as a result of it being installed in a system that isn't already Y2K ready, you may have in fact failures, or bugs, or defects, the Y2K-ready product may get infected and not properly function. Then the question is, Who is responsible? Can you, in effect, have somebody take responsibility for fixing a problem that isn't under their control?  If the Senator from California would like to put in a quorum call and get into the issue of interoperability and how to deal with these various issues, and sort of have all of the people talking at once, I think that is very constructive. I am anxious to do it.  I think this is a discrete and important concept. Again, without going back to all the things that were said in the last 20 or 25 minutes, if you are a consumer, or a business, and you are getting stiffed, you can go out and sue immediately. You can go out and sue and get an injunction immediately. You don't have to wait 30 or 60 days, or whatever. You can go immediately.  I would like to spend the time during the quorum call to try to focus on what I think is a very sincere effort of the Senator from California to try to do something to help people who need a remedy, and need it quickly. We are going to have to get into some of these interoperability questions and some of the questions of what happens when you have a problem that essentially gets into your system after it leaves your hands. I am anxious to try to do it. We can put it in the context of the kind of discrete, specific idea that the Senator from California was talking about rather than what I heard during the last 20 or 25 minutes about how big and bad actors are going to get a free ride, when in fact on page 13 of the bill it says that you are liable for the problem that you cause. That is what is on page 13 of the bill. Proportionate liability--you are liable for the portion of the problem you caused. If you engage in intentional misconduct, if you rip people off, you are going to be stuck for the whole thing--joint and several, punitive damages, the works.  I would prefer to do what the Senator from California is now suggesting,which is to put in a quorum call, bring the good people from Chairman McCain's office and from the office of the Senator from California and myself, along with Senator Dodd's, into a discussion to see if we can figure out a way to make this workable.  I am happy to yield the floor.  