President.  I would like to take just a few minutes, as we wait for the minority leader to address some of the concerns that have been raised by the Senator from Massachusetts, to describe why I and the Democratic leader of the Y2K efforts, Senator Dodd, believe that the Kerry amendment, though certainly sincere, is really a glidepath, an invitation, to frivolous lawsuits with respect to this Y2K matter.  I come today to say we know we are going to have problems early in the next century. That has been documented on a bipartisan basis by the Y2K committee. What we are concerned about is not compounding the problem with frivolous lawsuits. Regrettably, the Kerry proposal is going to do just that.  What the Senator from Connecticut and I have tried to do is to talk first about the vagueness of the language in the Kerry proposal. This notion that you would simply have to identify ``potential'' with respect to the Y2K issue and Y2K problems is just going to be a lawyers' full employment program. What is going to happen is, you are going to have frivolous cases brought; you will very quickly have companies, particularly small business defendants, move to dismiss those cases because they are patently frivolous.  Because the Kerry standard is so vague, a judge is going to have really no alternative other than to send that to a jury. So I think that provision, identifying ``potential,'' is a real lightning rod for frivolous lawsuits. That would be our first concern.  The second, it seems to me, is that the Senator from Massachusetts has, to a great extent, mixed together, commingled, the principles of punitive damages and proportionality. I would like to try to step back for a minute and see if I can clarify that.  The Senator from Massachusetts has spoken repeatedly, he has come to the floor repeatedly, and said that under the bipartisan legislation, if defendants are engaged in reckless, irresponsible, wanton conduct, there is going to be no remedy for the plaintiff in those situations.  The fact of the matter is, under proportionality--clearly laid out in our legislation--you are liable to the extent that you contributed to the problem. That is true if you are a small business, if you are one of the Fortune 500 businesses--it is true no matter who you are. Under our language, with respect to proportionality, you are liable for what you contribute. It is just that simple.  With respect to punitive damages, besides keeping in place the State evidentiary standards on punitive damages, what we in fact say is the onlypeople we are really going to try to protect are those who are such a key part of the technology engine for our country, and that is the Nation's small businesses.  Finally, colleagues, I think there is some confusion with respect to this issue of economic losses as well. The Senator from Massachusetts has said that in some way the bipartisan proposal we bring has narrowed the availability of coverage for economic losses. We very specifically, in our legislation, make clear that existing State contract and tort law is kept in place.  What the dispute is all about is that the Senator from Massachusetts, and perhaps others, is in effect trying to tortify existing contract law. They would like to try to create some torts for 36 months in the Y2K area where those torts do not exist today in existing law.  My reputation, my background is as a consumer advocate. That is what I was doing with the Gray Panthers for 7 years before I was elected to the Congress, what I have tried to do for 18 years in both the House and the Senate. I feel very strongly about protecting consumers, and there are areas where it is appropriate to create new torts. Certainly, I have created a few causes of action during my years of service in the Congress.  If I can just finish, then I will be glad to yield to the Senator from Massachusetts. I think it would be a mistake, given the extraordinary potential for economic calamity in the next century, to change the law with respect to economic loss. We are neither broadening it nor narrowing it. We are keeping it in place. I know that those State laws with respect to economic loss do not do a lot of the things that the Senator from Massachusetts thinks are important, but that is, in fact, what we do in our legislation.  I want to be clear, our legislation does nothing, absolutely nothing, to limit remedies that are available to plaintiffs when, in fact, they are victims of a personal injury or wrongful death. So if an individual, early in January of the next century, is in an elevator, for example, and the computer in the elevator breaks, and the individual tragically falls to his or her death or suffers a grievous bodily injury, all existing tort law remedies apply in that kind of instance.  The bill that is before the Senate now is a very different one than the one that was voted on on a partisan basis by the Senate Commerce Committee. In fact, in the Senate Commerce Committee, I joined the Senator from Massachusetts in saying that it was wholly inadequate in terms of protecting the rights of consumers. I happen to think the bill the House of Representatives passed is wholly inadequate.  The legislation that we have now is a balanced bill. The defendants have strong obligations to cure defects. The plaintiffs have an obligation to mitigate damages. I think our failure to pass this bill, which has now included 10 major changes to favor consumers and plaintiffs since the time it left the Commerce Committee, our failure to pass this bill, I think, is a failure to meet our responsibilities as it relates to this technology engine that is driving so much of our Nation's prosperity.  I think when we look at the potential for calamity early in the next century, I don't think there is any dispute that we are going to have a significant number of problems. The question is, does the Senate want to compound those problems by triggering a round of unnecessary and frivolous litigation?  I hope we won't do that. I urge my colleagues to oppose the Kerry amendment.  I yield the floor.  