President, it is a great honor to be on the floor today to express my special appreciation at being able to work with Senator McCain, Senator Dodd, and so many of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle on this important legislation.  This bill is designed with one point and that is to make sure that America's prosperity does not screech to a halt when the calendar pages flip over to start a new millennium. I am of the view that with this bill, millions of consumers and businesses are more likely to be on line at the turn of the century than waiting in line for a courtroom date.  I am especially pleased at the bipartisan efforts to make sure the individual consumer was protected in this legislation. This legislation allows consumers to get punitive damages against the bad actors. It makes sure consumers cannot be ripped off with fraudulent misrepresentations. It greatly expands the opportunity for consumers to bring cases in State rather than Federal court. And the conference report ensures that the individual consumer doesn't get the shaft because they are going to be in a position to be made whole when you take the entire package of remedies that would be available to them.  I am going to focus for just a moment on the 20 major changes that were made in this legislation after it left the Senate Commerce Committee; seven of them Chairman McCain and I agreed on and one of them was a bottom-line proposition for me. The Senator from South Carolina, who is so eloquent with respect to the rights of plaintiffs in our country, was concerned, legitimately, about the long-term ramifications of this legislation. At my insistence, after the Senate Commerce Committee completed its work, Chairman McCain added a 3-year sunset provision to this legislation. So this is going to be a bill to deal with a finite, discrete problem, not something that is going to linger for decades and decades.  We also eliminated the vague Federal defenses that were involved early on. We dropped the preemptive standards for punitive damages. We made sure that bad actors were not going to get a free ride. We restored joint liability for defendants who knowingly committed fraud. There were extra damages for plaintiffs facing insolvent defendants and we restored limited liability for directors and officers. That is what we began with after it left the Senate Commerce Committee and why I was pleased to join with Chairman McCain.  Then Senator Dodd, who is the Democrats' leader on these technology issues and who has given me, as a junior Member of this body, so much counsel, came along and made an additional set of important changes so as to particularly protect small businesses. We also went further with respect to officers and directors, and we made sure that plaintiffs were not going to face tougher evidentiary standards because of the good work done by the Senator from Connecticut.  Then we went to the conference committee and there were 10 major changes made to address concerns of the White House. In the area of proportionate liability, we doubled the orphan share for the solvent defendants, we tripled the orphan share for defendants when the plaintiffs were bad actors, and we assured that individual consumers facing insolvent defendants were made whole.  We made a number of changes in the class action area. We boosted the monetary threshold. In committee, when we began it was at $1 million. Now it is at $10 million. We boosted the class size from 50 to 100 plaintiffs. We also added provisions to make sure cases could be dealt with under remand provisions to assist the consumer.  Finally, there were changes in securities law to exempt private securities claims under this act, strong provisions with respect to contract enforcement. And to address a number of the important issues that our colleague from North Carolina has raised with respect to economic loss, we stipulated the economic loss rules would apply in a number of instances so as to give the consumer yet another tier of protection.  Our Nation needs a game plan for Y2K. This legislation is not going to solve all of the Y2K problems that crop up early in the next century. But what we will do by passing this legislation is ensure that we do not compound the problems we know are going to occur. We are doing it in a way that is going to ensure consumers are made whole, that bad actors face the stiffest of penalties, and at the same time we do not encourage mindless litigation that does nothing other than drain the vitality out of our economic prosperity.  I have believed for a long time that failure to pass legislation in this area would be similar to lobbing a monkey wrench into the Nation's technology engine which is driving our prosperity. This legislation gives us the opportunity to keep that prosperity going. I am very honored to have had the opportunity to be part of this effort.  I pay special thanks, in wrapping up my remarks, to my colleague, Senator Dodd, the Democratic leader on these technology issues. A little bit after midnight on Monday--I guess that would be early Tuesday morning--this relatively young Senator was getting a little pooped and beginning to wonder how much longer I could keep going. The distinguished Senator from Connecticut said: This is not an option. We are going to stay at it until this legislation gets done. I say to my pal from Oregon, I am going to be talking to the President of the United States tonight.  I looked at my watch and I thought: Well, it is quarter to 1. This is going to be interesting, to learn a little bit more about this call. But in fact, as a result of the efforts of Senator Dodd, the work that was done by Chairman McCain and his staff and a variety of colleagues on both sides of the aisle in those early morning hours, on Tuesday we consummated the 20 major changes that were made in this legislation to ensure we had a bipartisan bill. So I have to tell you, this legislation, which was on the ropes early Tuesday morning with a lot of us thinking that it was going down for the count, now is a bill that our body can be proud of. It is a genuine compromise. I am not going to continue further because I know there are a number of colleagues who wish to speak as well. But I do want to pay tribute to a number of our staff who put in these extraordinary hours.  I see Marti Allbright and Mark Buse over there, with Chairman McCain; Senator Dodd's staff as well. Carol Grunberg, who is here with me, is sort of the Senate's Bionic Woman. She just kept going when it was so important to keep the parties together.  I am proud to be part of this effort. I look forward to what I hope will be a resounding vote in the Senate before too long. I yield the floor.  