President, it has been a pleasure to listen to my colleague from Maine. I think she has said it superbly. It has been a pleasure to be working with her over the last few months. The reality is that nothing important in the Congress gets done unless it is bipartisan. It is just that simple.  What Senator Snowe and I have said repeatedly is that we want to get beyond some of the squabbling that goes on in Washington, DC, and really come together as a Congress, across the political aisle, and get prescription drug coverage added to the Medicare program.  I think it is especially important now to hear from the Nation's senior citizens. For the last few months, we have been hearing from all of these beltway experts. Some of them, as Senator Snowe mentioned, have actually said seniors don't need these benefits. They say, well, this isn't a very serious problem, in spite of the fact that we have more than 20 percent of the Nation's elderly spending $1,000 a year out of pocket on their prescription medicine. We have some of these self-styled experts in Washington, DC, going to conferences and programs and saying seniors really don't need this coverage.  So what we want to do is take this debate about prescription drug coverage and the need to assist seniors out of the beltway, get it out beyond Washington, DC, and start hearing from seniors and their families.  Maybe some of these experts have good coverage and that is why they don't think it is important to cover the needs of seniors. Maybe they are not talking to their parents. But I can tell you, the seniors who come out to town meetings in Maine and Oregon are saying they can't afford prescription medicine and, very often, they will leave an order that has been phoned in by their physician at a pharmacy because they can't afford to pick it up. They are told to take three pills as part of their program to recover, but they start off taking two; they can't afford that; and then they take one; and eventually they get much sicker and end up needing much more expensive care.  So we want to make sure in the days ahead, in our effort to pass a bipartisan prescription drug bill, that the Senate and the Congress hear from the Nation's older people. We would like to say today that we hope senior citizens and their families across this country who want to see the Congress pass a bipartisan bill to add prescription drug coverage--we hope those seniors and their families, just as this chart next to me indicates, will send copies of their bills to their Senator and their Member of Congress.  Right next to me is a chart showing how simple it is for seniors and their families to make sure their voices aren't drowned out by some of these experts saying we don't need prescription drug coverage as part of Medicare. Just as this chart shows, a simple note to a Member of Congress, a Member of this body, can help us forge a bipartisan coalition and actually get this done. We hope when we hear from seniors and their families, they will support the SPICE legislation. But what is really important is that the Congress hear from those older people and their families.  We think ours is a good bill. For example, under our legislation, seniors will have the bargaining power and the clout in the marketplace the way the big health maintenance organizations have, so we can keep the costs of prescription drugs down.  A lot of our colleagues, both in the Senate and in the House, are touting studies about how seniors spend a lot more when they walk into a pharmacy for their prescription drugs than would a big buyer such as a health maintenance organization. That is true. Seniors get hit by a double whammy: They can't afford prescription drug coverage. Yet when they walk into a pharmacy, they subsidize those big buyers, the purchasers through a health maintenance organization who get a discount.  Well, Senator Snowe and I think that if a health plan is good enough for Members of Congress and their families and that health plan uses marketplace forces to hold costs down, let's use a model such as that to serve the needs of older people. We are not reinventing the wheel. We are not having the Federal Government take over health care. We are using a system that Members of Congress and their families know well, a system that ensures that seniors will be in a position to hold down the costs of their medicine as well as be able to obtain coverage.  I am very pleased to have a chance to work with Senator Snowe and to spend a few minutes discussing issues with her. I think the big challenge is to get this issue out of the beltway and to work in a bipartisan fashion. Senator Snowe and I have been trying to do that in the Budget Committee. There are some who want to make this a political issue for the 2000 campaign. We are not naive. We recognize that.  Certainly if there were no good ideas to tackle this problem, it would be an issue that would come up in the campaign. However, Senator Snowe and I think because more than half of the Senate has already voted for the funding plan that we propose, because we are relying on a model we know works for Members of Congress and their families, we shouldn't wait another 2 years for another election to act. We think the time to act is now.  I will address my colleague by way of saying, Senator, what strikes me as missing is the voice of seniors and their families. We have heard from all the experts in Washington, DC. What has been missing is the voices of seniors and their families. I want them to start sending in their bills and telling Members what they think about the crushing costs of prescription medicine.  Perhaps the Senator could comment.  