President, I will be very brief. I know the Senator from South Carolina has important remarks to make this morning.  I have joined with Senator McCain in cosponsoring this legislation that comes before the Senate, after voting against the bill that came out of the Senate Commerce Committee. I have done so because there have been at least seven major changes made in the legislation after it came out of committee so that now when it comes before the Senate it is a balanced bill. It is a bill, in my view, that will ensure that innocent consumers are fully protected while at the same time helping to prevent the kind of chaos we could have in our economy if we have scores and scores of unwarranted lawsuits as a result of the Y2K problem.  As we all know, the Y2K issue is not a partisan issue. It affects every computer system that uses date information, every piece of hardware, every piece of an operating support system and all software that uses date-related information. Our goal ought to be to try to bring about Y2K compliance. That is our principal focus. The Senate is already on record in that regard. At the same time, we ought to put in place a safety net to ensure that innocent consumers, particularly small businesses, will have a remedy and will not see their businesses devastated.  I wrap up my brief remarks this morning by outlining a few of the changes that Senator McCain and I worked on with Senator Dodd, Senator Feinstein, Senator Lieberman, and others, so that the Senate has a sense of the many changes that have been made to ensure consumers get a fair shake and that are in the bill before the Senate today.  The first that I think is particularly important is we will make sure there is a sunset provision in this legislation. The original bill contained no sunset provision. There were some who said this is just opening up brand new areas of tort law that are going to exist forever, this is just a backdoor effort to hot wire the legal system and ensure that we are restricting liability suits in the future. That is not the future. There is a sunset date to ensure that we are addressing just legitimate problems that have come about as a result of the Y2K failures.  Second, and another area I feel so strongly about, is we ensure, when there are really egregious, outrageous offensive instances of conduct in the private marketplace, fraudulent conduct, that punitive damages will still be available. It is important to us that there not be new preemptive Federal standards in that area. That has been done.  Next, we have made changes with respect to the principle of joint liability. This is especially important where you have defendants who are involved, again, in committing these outrageous acts, essentially fraudulent acts. That is kept in place as well.  So I do believe this is a bill that is targeted specifically at the kinds of problems that are going to be seen if we do not pass a balanced, responsible piece of legislation. This involves business-to-business activity. I suggest to some of our colleagues this has nothing to do with personal injury issues. If someone is injured, for example, as a result of an elevator accident because computers have broken down, and is maimed or killed, all of those personal remedies will lie.  So those are briefly some of the changes since the bill came from committee. We have seen, again, the Senate wants to work in a collegial way on this. My good friend from South Carolina and I have had several spirited discussions on this issue in recent days. He feels very strongly about it. My part of the country has looked at technology as a big part of our economic future. We want to come up with a responsible, balanced bill.  The Senator from Connecticut and I have put on the desks of all Democratic Members of the Senate today a letter which outlines a number of the changes that have been made. We heard earlier Senator Kerry is pursuing some discussions as well. So I am hopeful between now and next week we can have a bipartisan bill that is balanced, that comes before the Senate and builds on the work Senator McCain and I have tried to do since the partisan vote in committee. I look forward to working with my colleagues towards that end, and I yield the floor.  