President, it is time for Congress to enact a new program that combines secure funding for county services with a fresh approach to the management of federal lands in rural communities. Under our legislation counties will be connected to federal lands not just through the cutting of timber but also through importantroad maintenance projects, watershed improvements and programs that promote tourism and recreation.  Since 1908, natural resource dependent communities have received federal funds for schools, roads and basic services based on the level of federal timber programs. The Forest Service cuts timber and the counties receive revenue. This has long constituted the traditional relationship between the counties and federal land management.  Now, as a result of changes in natural resource policies causing declines in timber production, many of our rural communities are finding it almost impossible to fund essential programs for school children, infrastructure and other needs.  There is a crisis in rural, timber-dependent America that must be addressed now. This crisis can be addressed now and in the future by providing secure, consistent funding to counties, and by encouraging a new cooperative relationship between these communities and federal land managers.  Congress must promptly enact a new program that combines traditional funding for county services with creative new policies that provide real connections between rural communities and the federal lands they cherish.  Senator Craig and I have been discussing how this might be accomplished because we realize that no pending proposal addressing the county payment issue has won the support of both the Congress and the Clinton administration.  In an effort to break this gridlock, we have developed the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act bill.  Our proposal would work as follows:  Counties will receive a consistent payment amount each year totaling 75% of the average of the top three federal land revenue years for their area between 1985 and the present, tied to the Consumer Price Index for rural areas. That consistent payment amount will be a combination of traditional 25% payments from the Forest Service and 50% payments from the Bureau of Land Management plus money from the general treasury where the traditional revenue stream does not rise to the level of the necessary consistent payment amount.  Counties would receive an additional 25% of the average amount described above from the general treasury to use for projects recommended by local community advisory committees and approved by the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management. These projects could include watershed restoration, road maintenance, or timber harvest, among other opportunities, as long as the project is in compliance with all applicable forest plans and environmental laws.  The Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management would be required to certify that a local consensus of environmental, industry, and other stakeholders exists, as well as approve the proposed project as environmentally sound. If consensus proposals cannot be developed in a particular county, then the money would be made available to counties that have developed such proposals. It bears repeating that all projects would have to comply with all environmental laws and regulations, as well as all applicable forest plans.  We believe that this bill has the potential to break the impasse on the county payment issue on Capitol Hill. But even more important, it represents an opportunity to forge a new charter for federal/county government cooperation, to encourage local citizens to seek consensus-based solution for resource conflicts, and to make critical investments in the stewardship of our federal lands.  This proposal will not please the proponents favoring pure decoupling of payments from timber harvest. It will also be opposed by those who are prepared to hobble the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management if they feel the timber harvest levels are not high enough. Our objective is to break the gridlock on federal support of counties, while bringing the nature of the relationship between the federal land managers and public land dependent communities into the twenty-first century. This bill provides a foundation to help rural counties through their immediate crisis, and down a path that will make sense in the next century. 