President, I want to take a few minutes to talk about the effort I have launched with the other Senator from Maine, Ms. Olympia Snowe, around the only bipartisan effort now before the Senate to get Medicare coverage for prescription drugs for the Nation's senior citizens.  As my colleagues can see in this poster next to me, Senator Snowe and I are urging that senior citizens send in their prescription drug bills to Members of the Senate in Washington, DC, to help show how important it is we address this issue in a bipartisan way for the millions of vulnerable elderly people.  Here are a few of the prescription drug bills I have received from senior citizens from my home area in the Pacific Northwest. I will take a few minutes this afternoon on behalf of Senator Snowe and myself to talk about why this bipartisan issue is so very important.  Let me read from a letter sent October 1 from an elderly women in Lebanon, OR. She said:       Please find enclosed a copy of the prescription costs for      the past 6 months. As you will note, the average cost each      month is $236.92 without the over-the-counter medications I      must take. Please make use of these figures any way you can      in your effort to obtain prescription coverage for those of      us receiving Medicare. I'm 78 years old and doubt if I will      see the time prescriptions are a covered item. However, keep      fighting for the next generation.  I want to tell this older person in Lebanon, at home in Oregon, that we are going to be fighting for her. We are not going to wait until the next generation to get older people the coverage they need. To think that thisCongress would say it is not critical to help this kind of vulnerable, elderly woman isn't acceptable to Senator Snowe and me. We have a market-oriented approach, one that can hold down the costs of prescription medicine for the Nation's senior citizens.  On the basis of these bills that are being sent now to Senator Snowe and me, I think we can show this Congress that the time to act, in a bipartisan fashion, is now and not after the next election or the next election after that.  Let me read from another letter I received on September 29 of this year from a gentleman, an elderly gentleman, in King City, OR. He said:       I am a constant user of inhalant. Two uses per day come to      $839.80.  Imagine that, two uses a day: $839.80.  And he says:       Fortunately, I drove a Chevrolet when my friends were      driving Cadillacs and our family vacations were spent in the      United States, not the South Seas, so I'm able to carry the      load, at least for a while.  The annual cost of this prescription medication for this older person in King City, at home, is $30,600. It equals what it would cost to stay in a nursing home.  I am just hopeful that with more examples like this, where senior citizens send to Senator Snowe and me copies of their prescription drug bills, we can win bipartisan support for this legislation before the end of this session.  Let me cite a third letter I received at the beginning of October. This is from an elderly woman--it came just a few days ago--whose Social Security income is $1,179 a month. She spends $500 of her monthly income of $1,179 on prescription drugs. She is taking Fosamax. That is a drug that costs $179 a month. She is taking Prilosec. It costs $209 a month. And she is taking Lescol, which costs $112 a month. So it takes $500 a month from the monthly income of $1,179 of an elderly woman in the Pacific Northwest.  Mr. President and colleagues, these bills that are being sent to Senator Snowe and me do not lie; they tell the whole story. We are going to do everything we can to ensure that Congress acts on this matter, in a bipartisan way, in this session of Congress.  Just this week, I saw a story in one of the publications saying there was not a consensus around this issue. Senator Snowe and I got 54 votes--a majority in the Senate--to join us in a funding plan for a prescription drug program. I am of the view that we cannot afford not to cover prescription drugs because so many of these prescription drugs today help to lower blood pressure and cholesterol and keep folks well.  What Senator Snowe and I are proposing is a market-oriented approach. It is based on the model that is used for Federal employees. It is market driven. It has choices. We would not see the kind of price-control approach that is being advocated by some. I am very opposed to that kind of price-control orientation because what will happen is, if you just try to control prices for Medicare drugs, the costs will all be shifted to somebody else.  Senator Snowe and I do not want to see a divorced mom at the age of 27, with a modest income and two kids, have to pick up all the extra costs. So we are going with a market-oriented approach. I hope that in the days ahead, as a result of bills such as this, and others that I know are being sent to our colleagues--and the campaign we have launched here on the floor so that seniors will, as this poster says, send in copies of their prescription drug bills--we can show the people of this country that we are not going to wait until the next election or the election after that; we are going to find a way to come together now to do the job we were elected to do, which is to work in a bipartisan way.  Unfortunately, that did not happen this week on the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. I wish it had. I am anxious to work with the Presiding Officer and my colleagues on the other side of aisle. We can do it on prescription drugs. We can do it on an issue that is foremost in the minds of millions of our families and our seniors.  We have 20 percent of the Nation's older people spending more than $1,000 a year out of pocket on their prescription medicine.  I described this afternoon an elderly woman with a monthly income of $1,179, who every month spends more than $500 on prescriptions. Let's show seniors such as that elderly woman who wrote from the Willamette Valley in my home State of Oregon that we can act now. She was skeptical. She has heard all the oratory and all the partisan rhetoric on this issue, and she is understandably skeptical.  Senator Snowe and I are trying to mobilize a bipartisan coalition in this Senate to act in this session so that older people can get decent prescription drug coverage under Medicare. We should not wait until the next election. We were elected to act now and to act in a bipartisan way.  I hope, as a result of this short statement today, that additional older people, as this poster says, will send us copies of the prescription drug bills with which they are faced.  Senator Snowe and I intend to be back on this floor again and again and again through this session of Congress until we get action. We will be talking about it next week, and we are going to talk about it the following week and the week after that. It is not right to wait on an issue such as this that is so pressing to vulnerable older people such as those who have written me the letters I have described today.  I am very grateful to my colleague, the other Senator from Maine, who, by the way, has a long record of being an advocate for consumer issues as well. And she knows how much I enjoy working with her. I thank her for this courtesy this afternoon.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  