President, I turn for a few minutes this morning to an issue that many Senators may not have heard much about but one that has great implications for the consumer, for intellectual freedom and the quality of life in our communities across the country.  The issue I intend to focus on specifically is the proposed acquisition by Barnes & Noble of the Ingram book company. The price tag on this acquisition is $600 million, and it involves the Nation's largest bookstore chain, Barnes & Noble, joining forces with the Ingram book company, the world's largest book distributor.  I am concerned that this deal will give Barnes & Noble a competitive stranglehold on the bookselling business in America. That is why last November I asked the Federal Trade Commission to investigate this proposed acquisition. Based on information I have learned in the last few days, I believe the Federal Trade Commission will soon make a decision on this proposed acquisition. I am very hopeful that when the Federal Trade Commission comes down with that decision, they will come down foursquare for the consumer.  Right now across this country, thousands and thousands of Americans have stopped at small bookstores to sign petitions urging that this proposed acquisition be blocked. In fact, there is a special phone line at the Federal Trade Commission because there has been such a tidal wave of interest on this specific proposal. I will briefly outline this morning what I find troubling about this proposed deal.  For a small bookstore, if this acquisition goes forward, they will have to depend on a megastore for the products they sell. The new bookstore colossus, with Barnes & Noble coming together with Ingram, will essentially have a huge competitive advantage that could work to cause great hardship for small bookstores in our country. Because the Ingram Company has information about sales and volume and ordering habits of small bookstores, is the new megastore going to use that information in a fair way? I am very concerned about it, but I can tell you that small bookstores across this country are very troubled when it comes to getting fair access to the titles they need, when it comes to how that information which Ingram has, that will be part of the new operation with Barnes & Noble, is used. I can tell you that small bookstores across this country believe this issue is literally one of life and death for them.  Second, I am concerned about issues relating to intellectual freedom. My concern is that with this deal and the potential that there will be just a handful of big bookstores in our country dominating the Nation, what they will stock are largely the best sellers.  I have had some experience with this. My father, who passed away, was an author and had a small publishing company. He said there is always room at the big stores in titles involving sex and drugs and rock and roll.  But I am concerned about what is going to happen when we have just a handful of these megastores, whether we are going to see intellectual freedom prosper and those titles that are not always on the best seller list accessible the way they are today.  Third, I am concerned about the vitality of our communities. These small bookstores in so many of our communities do more than just sell books. Yes, they sell publications and they make it possible for young people in rural America and inner cities and others to have a comfortable place to learn, but they are also a huge addition to Main Street in so many parts of rural Oregon and, I am sure, in Kansas where the Presiding Officer resides. Having been born in Wichita, we have talked before about life in rural America.  I do not want to see those small bookstores becoming part of the Main Street of yesteryear in rural America. I am very concerned that if this proposed merger goes forward, as it is currently structured, it really will put a hardship on a lot of main streets in rural communities and will diminish the vitality of many of those towns.  I admit to growing up a bit skeptical of some of these large megastores. As I said, my dad was an author, and I spent a lot of Sunday afternoons going through some of those megastores with my dad trying to persuade them to put one of his titles that did not fit their view of what was popular up close, up close to where the consumers were when they stopped to browse in the window. My father was concerned about the concentration of economic power in the bookselling business.  I tell you, I think this deal, if it goes forward as structured, will confirm a lot of the worries that my dad and others like him have had about our country and where the bookselling business is going.  Finally, I think we all understand that the bookselling business has changed certainly on the Internet. The Presiding Officer has worked with me on legislation which has been important to me such as the Internet Tax Freedom Act.  The Internet has changed the bookselling business. There is no question about the fact that with Amazon.com and others in the business of selling books on line, the business has changed very dramatically. But I do not buy the idea that Barnes & Noble had to merge with Ingram in order to take on Amazon. I do not buy that idea at all.  I think there is a role in our country for a variety of ways for consumers to order publications. I think there is an important place for the small bookstore, especially because of the contributions they make to main streets in rural communities and inner cities. I certainly do not want to hold back on-line shopping. That is why I was a principal sponsor in the Senate of the Internet Tax Freedom Act. So I do not take a back seat to anybody in terms of trying to ensure that we take advantage of all the technological innovations that are available for the consumer.  What concerns me about this proposal is that a lot of small bookstores are not going to be able to survive. A lot of small bookstores are going to find it difficult to survive if Barnes & Noble has proprietary information about them, about their volume, about their sales practices, about the way they do business, and if that information is used against small bookstores.  So I believe the Federal Trade Commission has in front of it an issue of extreme importance, one which will dramatically affect intellectual freedom, one which has great implications for antitrust policy and the consumer, one which will be vital to the well-being of communities and main streets across this country. I believe the Federal Trade Commission is going to rule soon on this proposed acquisition. I believe they are going to act in the interest of the consumer. I appreciate the opportunity to bring the Senate up to date on this important economic matter.  I yield the floor.  