President, I came over to the floor because I am in sympathy with what the Senator from California is trying to do. But this bill has taken such a pasting in the last 15 or 20 minutes that I am going to take a couple of minutes to correct the Record before we actually get into the merits of what my colleague is trying to do.  For example, I have heard repeatedly that if you pass this bipartisan legislation put together by the Senator from Arizona and the Democratic leader on technology issues, Senator Dodd, and myself, well, these companies won't have to do anything; they won't have to do anything at all.  Well, if they don't do anything at all, they are going to get sued. That is what is going to happen to them. Then we heard that if they were big and bad, they were going to get a free ride. I heard that several times here on the floor of the Senate in the last 15 or 20 minutes. If you are big and bad, you are going to get a free ride if we pass this bill. I will tell you what happens ifyou are big and if you engage in egregious activity, if you rip people off; what happens is you get stuck for punitive damages because there is absolutely no cap on those, and joint and several liability applies to those people as well. That is what happens to the people who are big and bad under our legislation.  I think it is just as important that the Record be corrected. I also heard that businesses were going to be the victims and the like. Well, if that is the case, it is sort of hard to understand why hundreds and hundreds of business organizations are supporting this bill. I would be very interested in somebody showing me a list of some business groups that aren't supporting the bill because I would sure want to be responsive to those folks.  Let me, if I might, talk specifically about the Boxer amendment. By the way, apart from the last 15 or 20 minutes of discussion, my friend from California has been very helpful on a lot of technology issues that this Senator has been involved in. I remember the Internet Tax Freedom Act that we worked on in the last session of the Congress, where the Senator from California was very helpful. I very much appreciated that.  The question that I have--and maybe I can engage in a discussion with the Senator from California on this and try to see if I can get fixed in my mind how to make what the Senator from California is talking about workable, because I think the Senator from California wants to do what is right. I am now just going to focus on her amendment and sort of put aside some of these other comments that I have heard in the last 15, 20 minutes, which I so vehemently take exception to, and see if I can figure out with the Senator from California how we can make this workable. I want to tell her exactly what my concerns are. I come from a consumer movement, and she comes from that movement, and I know what she is trying to do is the right thing.  Let us say that you have a system where one chip out of thousands is out of whack. My colleague says it ought to be repaired or replaced, and the question that we have heard as we have tried to talk to people is: Does this mean replacing just a chip? Does it mean replacing the operating system? Who is responsible for the fix? Is it Circuit City, where you bought it? Is it Compaq Computer? Is it the chip maker?  What we have found in our discussions with people is that it wasn't just chips, but it was the software situation as well. Is it going to be Lotus or Novell or the retired computer programmer who put the code together a few years ago? As far as I can tell, the responsible companies--and I think the Senator from California has been absolutely right in making the point that there are an awful lot of responsible people out there. We are trying to do the right thing. The responsible people seem to want to do the kinds of things that the Senator from California is talking about. I know I saw an EDS advertisement essentially in support of our bill that talked about how they have a system to try to do this.  If we can figure out a way, with the Senator from California, to do the kinds of things she is talking about so as to not again produce more litigation at a time when we are trying to constrict litigation, I want to do it.  I have already had my staff put a lot of time into this. We are willing to spend a lot more time, because I think the motivations of the Senator from California are absolutely right. The question is how to deal with the kinds of bits, bytes, and chips, and all of the various technological aspects that go into this.  I would be happy to yield to my colleague and hear her thoughts on it.  