President, I come here today to ask a question, a question that is a mystery to the vast majority of Americans: Why will the United States Senate not ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty?  If there were any issue debated in the history of this Senate that called for more sober reflection, more independent thought, it is how to end the proliferation and testing of nuclear weapons. This may be the greatest burden the United States will carry into the next millennium.  The United States was the first nation to develop and test nuclear arms. More than a half century ago we were the first, and so far only, nation to use those arms. Three years ago we were the first nation to sign this treaty that takes a step back from a nuclear-armed world.  No other nation in the world can possibly gain more than the United States does from this treaty.  The treaty holds real promise for putting an end to the international development of nuclear weapons. It removes the ability of belligerent nations to enhance their nuclear stockpile. It removes the ability to use nuclear test explosions to bully and threaten their neighbors. It removes the incentive to throw much-needed capital into an insatiable and wasteful weapons program.  The American people understand this simple logic better than some in this body. Over 84% of the American public understands that ratifying the CTBT is the best way to protect the United States against the threat of nuclear attack by other nations. They are not talking about defensive missiles, they are talking about an America where their children won't have to grow up as they did; under the shadow of nuclear annihilation. This treaty, they understand, is a first step toward that goal.  President Dwight D. Eisenhower was a five star general as well as a two term President of the United States. He led men in wartime against a real, living threat to the security of the United States. He led America at the beginning of the cold war, at the most dangerous time for nuclear confrontation in our history. He had a unique understanding of the needs and necessities of national security, an understanding that I don't believe any member of this chamber can pretend to possess. His view of a nuclear test ban treaty was this: that the failure to achieve such a ban, when the opportunity presented itself would ``have to be classed as the greatest disappointment of any administration, of any decade, of any time, and of any party.''  Opponents of this treaty say we are letting down our guard, that we are leaving ourselves open to be overwhelmed. President Eisenhower understood clearly and personally the dangers of failing to prepare for war. But it was precisely this experience with war that led him to conceive of the test ban as a means of preserving the safety and security of the American people.  This clear and rational thinking has continued, at least with our senior military leaders. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is responsible for our entire national defense infrastructure. It is his duty to the American people to insure that our military forces, nuclear and conventional, are strong, prepared and able to provide for the common defense. Our current Chairman, General Hugh Shelton, and Former Chairmen General Colin Powell, Admiral William Crowe, General John Shalikashvili, and General David Jones all believe firmly that, for the safety and security of the American people, the CTBT must be ratified.  President Bush signed into law a ban on American nuclear testing in 1992. As a matter of fact, we have not conducted a nuclear test for seven years. We have already stopped running this race.  Has this test ban, already in place domestically for the better part of a decade, harmed our nuclear stockpile? The President says no, our military leaders say no, and the men whose responsibility it is to maintain the weapons say no. The CTBT has the support of all of the directors of our national labs whose first responsibility is to ensure that our nuclear weapons stockpile functions safely and reliably far into the future. They confidently believe this treaty, and the continuation of the test ban, is in our national interest.  It's been seven years since we have conducted a nuclear test. We are no less safe then we were a decade ago. No one who is qualified to make the judgment believes that we need to resume testing in the future.  What would passage of this treaty mean? Without test explosions, a new nuclear state cannot know that their crude bombs will work. Only very recently, after decades, over one thousand tests, and thousands of nuclear bombs manufactured, did our bomb making experts feel confident enough to proceed without testing. Without testing no other state can achieve that level of confidence.  While testing continues there is always the possibility that a nation will develop a bomb that is smaller and more easily concealed, the perfect weapon with which to attack a superpower like the United States, perhaps even without fear of relation. Missile defenses cannot stop a bomb carried over our borders, but an end to testing can stop that bomb before it is even made.  What would the failure of Senate ratification of the CTBT mean? Failure by the Senate to ratify the Treaty would mean a future full of new and more dangerous weapons. It would make infinitely more difficult a new effort to prevent the proliferation and use of nuclear arms. Those states that are currently non-nuclear trust that, in exchange for not attempting to acquire or develop nuclear arms, the current nuclear states will cease using their own.  The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, the cornerstone of our efforts to prevent the worldwide spread of nuclear weapons, was indefinitely extended in 1995. It was extended with the promise that the CTBT would be ratified by the worlds' nuclear powers. If we defeat this treaty, we will be breaking that promise, and putting our entire world-wide non-proliferation strategy in jeopardy.  If we cannot commit to cease testing, we cannot expect other nations to adhere to their commitments on nuclear non-proliferation. When one nation tests nuclear arms, their neighbors get nervous. They are justifiably concerned for their defense and security. The natural response to this threat, for which there is no real defense, is to acquire a threat of ones own.  A rejection of this treaty by the U.S. Senate would send a chilling message around the world. The tests by India and Pakistan earlier this year highlight another, more sinister motivation for nuclear tests, the desire to threaten and intimidate. How do we expect nations like India and Pakistan to react to the Senate's rejection of this treaty?  For 50 some years we have lived under a gruesome umbrella known as Mutual Assured Destruction. This grim strategic relationship between the Soviet Union and the United States meant that the entire world lived under constant threat of global thermonuclear war. In times of great international tension we were a hair trigger away from unleashing that destruction. If the treaty fails we must contemplate the prospect of dozens of states facing each other in the same insane standoff--in Asia, in the Middle East, in Africa--over disputed borders, scarce resources and ancient hatreds.  The opponents of this treaty say we cannot afford the risk that another nation might have the skill and luck required to sneak a couple of nuclear tests under a world-wide monitoring regime. They believe that possibility is a mortal danger to the United States and the advances we have made in over 1,000 nuclear tests. I say we cannot afford the risk of another 50 years of the unfettered development of nuclear weapons around the world.  Our stockpile is secure, our deterrent is in place. The United States does not need to test as we have witnessed over the past seven years.  We unleashed the nuclear genie that has hung over the world for the last 50 years. But in that moment of leadership, when we signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, we took a strong step toward making the world a safer place. Let us today take the next step toward a safer, more secure future.  