President, I am pleased to be joined by Senators Leahy and Baucus to introduce today a resolution calling for an international ban on tariffs and on special, multiple and discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce and the Internet. Representative Cox, with whom I have collaborated in the past on Internet-related matters, is introducing a companion resolution in the House of Representatives.  The resolution urges the President to seek a global consensus supporting a permanent international moratorium on tariffs on electronic commerce, and an international ban on special, multiple, and discriminatory taxation of electronic commerce and the Internet. The resolution urges the President to pursue the ban on tariffs through the World Trade Organization--particularly at the WTO Ministerial meeting that will be held in Seattle this November, and to pursue the moratorium on discriminatory, special, and multiple taxes on global e-commerce through the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. These positions reinforce the efforts of the U.S. Trade Representative at the WTO and of the U.S. negotiators at the OECD.  In the Internet Tax Freedom Act, enacted during the last Congress, we challenged the concept of 30,000 U.S. tax jurisdictions swamping online consumers and entrepreneurs with a crazy quilt of discriminatory taxes. But this problem is small potatoes compared to the prospect of thousands of additional discriminatory tax regimes Americans might face in nearly 200 countries around the world.  We are not going to sit by while the booming, global e-market becomes atasty feast for overly hungry tax collectors from Bonn to Beijing and Manila to Milan.  The same questions we dealt with in the United States become vastly more complex at the international level. For example, during the course of the debate about the Internet Tax Freedom Act last year, I asked what happens when Aunt Millie in Iowa uses America Online in Virginia to order Harry and David's pears from Medford, Oregon, pays for them with a bankcard in California and ships them to her old friend in Florida?  In the global arena, we have to ask what happens when a tax collector in Germany tries to collect a Value Added Tax on a U.S. e-entrepreneur from Coos Bay, Oregon with no physical presence in Europe? This is a very real threat because not long ago, the tax chief of a key European nation called trade over the Internet ``a threat to all government tax revenue--a very serious threat.''  In addition, we have heard about the possibility of discriminatory bit taxes, which are taxes levied on the volume of e-mail that passes over the Net. And we have recently learned that the European Union is discussing something known as ``blocking and takedown.'' This is not a rugby term, but if established, it would allow the EU to bar the use of an American entrepreneur's website in Europe if he or she was unwilling to participate in an EU tax registration scheme.  Moreover, some countries are blurring the line between services and products in an effort to impose still more special, targeted tariffs and taxes on global e-commerce. At present, some digital delivery--for example, downloading a CD or software program--is not taxed, but there's considerable support for turning this service into a product that could be the subject of discriminatory taxes.  Developing fair ground rules for the global digital economy is not a job for the faint hearted. That is why strong U.S. leadership is imperative in key multinational groups that are beginning to consider how to update old laws and regulations to apply in the global electronic marketplace.  That is the point of the resolution we are introducing today. Again, the resolution does two things: it urges the President to seek a global consensus supporting a global moratorium on tariffs on electronic commerce at the upcoming WTO ministerial meeting in Seattle, and second, it urges the President to seek through the OECD a global moratorium on discriminatory, multiple and special taxes on electronic commerce and the Internet.  This resolution builds upon the good work we accomplished in the 1998 Internet Tax Freedom Act. It is time to take the effort to stop discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce to the international level. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting the resolution. 