President. I thank the chairman of the Commerce Committee for his comments. I will just advise my colleagues where I think we are.  First, I think it is important to note that the chairman of the Commerce Committee has made nine major changes in the legislation--all of them proconsumer, proplaintiff--since the time this legislation left the Commerce Committee. I and other Democrats felt it was important. I want the Record to show that those are major, substantive changes, and as the chairman indicated, we had some discussions with Senator Dodd last night and I am hopeful they are going to bear fruit as well, because Senator Dodd has tackled this in a very thoughtful way as well.  I also think it is important that our leadership, Senator Lott and Senator Daschle, continue, as they have tried to do, to help us work through some of the procedural issues which are not directly relevant to this legislation, so that it is possible to vote on the McCain-Wyden substitute expeditiously.  I want to tell the Senate that now is the time when this can be done in a thoughtful and deliberative way. I don't think the Senate wants to come back next January, when there is a state of panic, as I believe there well could be, over this problem. The time to do it is now. That is what we have been working on in committee.  This is not a partisan issue. It affects every computer system that uses date information, and I want it understood how this happened. Y2K is not a design flaw; it was an engineering tradeoff. In order to get more space on a disc and in memory, the precision of century indicators was abandoned. Now, it is hard to believe today that disc and memory space used to be at a premium, but it was. The tradeoff became an industry standard, and computers cannot work at all without these industry standards. The standards are the means by which programs and systems exchange information, and it was recently noted: ``The near immortality of computer software came as a shock to programmers. Ask anybody who was there. We never expected this stuff to still be around.''  One way to solve the problem might be to dump all the old layers of computer code, but that is not realistic. So our goal ought to be to try to bring these systems into compliance as soon as possible and, at the same time--and this is what the McCain-Wyden substitute does--have a safety net in place.  This is a bipartisan effort. I would like to briefly wrap up by outlining several of the major changes. The first is that there is a 3-year sunset provision. There are a number of individuals and groups who said, ``Well, this is just an effort to rewrite the tort law and make changes that are going to stand for all time.'' This provision says that any Y2K failure must occur before January 1, 2003, in order to be eligible to be covered by the legislation.  Second, there were various concerns that there were vague defenses in the legislation, particularly terms that involve a reasonable effort. We said that that ought to be changed, we ought to make sure there aren't any new and ill-defined Federal defenses. That has been changed.  Finally, and especially important, for truly egregious kinds of conduct and fraudulent activity, where people simply misrepresent the facts in the marketplace, we ensure that punitive damages and the opportunity to send a deterrent to egregious and fraudulent activity are still in place.  So I think these are just some of the major changes we are going to outline in the course of the debate. I also say that the latest draft also restores liability for directors and officers, which was again an effort to try to be responsive to those who felt that the legislation was not sufficiently proconsumer.  I only say--and I appreciate that the chairman of the committee yielded me this time--that I think after all of these major changes, which have taken many hours and, in fact, weeks since the time this legislation came before the Committee on Commerce, we have now produced legislation that particularly Democratic Members of the Senate can support.  This is not legislation where, for example, if someone had their arm cut off tragically in a tractor accident, they would not have a remedy. We make sure that all personal injuries which could come about--say an elevator doesn't work and a person is tragically injured. This legislation doesn't affect that. That person has all the remedies in the tort law and the personal injury laws that are on the books. This involves ensuring that there is not chaos in the marketplace early next year, that we don't tie up thousands of ourbusinesses in frivolous suits and do great damage to the emerging sector of our economy that is information driven.  I thank the chairman for the many changes he has made, and I am especially hopeful that over the next few hours the two leaders, Senator Lott and Senator Daschle, can help us work through the procedural quagmire the Senate is in, so we can pass this legislation now, at a time where there is an opportunity to pursue it in a deliberative way.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Oregon for his enormous work on this legislation. I think it bears repeating what we have been able to do here. I believe any objective observer would agree that what Senator Wyden has brought to the bill represents a tremendous movement from the bill we originally passed in the Commerce Committee.  These discussions with Senator Wyden and others resulted in at least eight major changes. The biggest change was that we eliminated the so-called good-faith defense, because we could not define good faith and reasonable efforts.  We also put in, as Senator Wyden mentioned, a sunset of January 1, 2003. There is no cap on punitive damages when the defendant has intentionally caused harm to the plaintiff. It clarifies that if a plaintiff gives 30 days notice of a problem to the defendant, the defendant has 60 days to fix it. This doesn't result in a 90-day delay for litigation but does offer a critical opportunity to solve problems rather than litigate.  Language regarding the state of mind and liability of bystanders was significantly narrowed, redrafted, and clarified in order to assure that the provisions are consistent with the Year 2000 Information and Readiness Disclosure Act of 1998.  The economic loss rule was likewise rewritten and narrowed to reflect the current law in the majority of States.  Proportionate liability was significantly compromised to incorporate exceptions to the general rule to protect plaintiffs from suffering loss.  Class action language was revised and narrowed, and language respecting the effect of State law on contracts and the rules with respect to contract interpretation was also revised to address concerns that Senator Wyden raised.  In other words, I believe we have gone a long way.  Mr. President, the opponents of this legislation will make several arguments. I respect those arguments. One will be that we are changing tort law--that we are somehow fundamentally changing the law despite the fact that this has a sunset provision in it of January 1, 2003.  Also, they will say it is not a big problem; it is not nearly as big a problem as you think it is; there are going to be suits dismissed; that the manufacturers and the high-tech community and the businesspeople are setting up a straw man here because it is not that huge an issue despite the estimates that there can be as much as $300 billion to $1 trillion taken out of the economy.  Let me quote from the Progressive Policy Institute backgrounder of March 1999. They state:       As the millennium nears, the year 2000 computer problem      poses a critical challenge to our economy. Tremendous      investments are being made to fix Y2K problems with U.S.      companies expected to spend more than $50 billion. However,      these efforts could be hampered by a barrage of potential      legislation as fear of liability may keep some businesses      from effectively engaging in Y2K remediation efforts.  Trial attorneys across the country are actually preparing for the potential windfall. For those who doubt the emergence of such leviathan litigation, one only needs to listen to what is coming out of certain quarters of the legal community. At the American Bar Association annual convention in Toronto last August, a panel of experts predicted that the legal costs associated with Y2K will exceed that of asbestos, breast implants, tobacco, and Superfund litigation combined. That is more than three times the total annual estimated cost of all civil litigation in the United States.  That is what was propounded at the American Bar Association convention in Toronto last August.  Mr. President, it isn't the Bank of America that is saying that. It isn't the high-tech community. It is the American Bar Association.       Seminars on how to try Y2K cases are well underway, and      approximately 500 law firms across the country have put      together Y2K litigation teams to capitalize on the event.      Also, several lawsuits have already been filed making trial      attorneys confident that a large number of businesses, big      and small, will end up in court as both a plaintiff and a      defendant. Such overwhelming litigation would reduce      investment and slow income growth for American workers.       Indeed, innovation and economic growth will be stifled by      the rapacity of strident litigators. In addition to the      potentially huge costs of litigation, there is another unique      element to the Y2K problem. In contrast to past cases of      business liability where individual firms or even industries      engaged in some wrongful and damaging practices, the Y2K      problem potentially affects all aspects of the economy as it      is for all intents and purposes a unique one-time event. It      is best understood as an incomparable societal problem rooted      in the early stages of our Nation's transformation to a      digital economy. Applying some of the existing standards of      litigation to such a distinct and communal problem is simply      not appropriate.       Legislation is needed to provide incentives for businesses      to fix Y2K problems, to encourage resolution of Y2K conflicts      outside of the courtroom, and to ensure that the problem is      not exploited by untenable lawsuits.  The Progressive Policy Institute goes on to say at the end:       In order to diminish the threat of burdensome and      unwarranted litigation, it is essential that any legislation      addressing Y2K liability do the following:       Encourage remediation over litigation and the assignment of      blame;       Enact fair rules that reassure businesses;       That honest efforts at remediation will be rewarded by      limiting liability while enforcing contracts and punishing      negligence;       Promote alternative dispute resolution;       And, finally discourage frivolous lawsuits while protecting      avenues of redress for parties that suffer real injuries.  Mr. President, on those four principles we acted in this legislation, and then we moved back to, if not the principles of it, some of what, in my view, were the most desirable parts of the legislation on the nine major issues which I just described in our negotiations with Senator Wyden and others. Then we even made concessions in two additional areas with Senator Dodd. And now it is not enough.  