He has made an excellent presentation with respect to the need for strong advocates for these kids.  I will turn briefly to another area where the Senator from Rhode Island has, in my view, done yeoman work, and an area, frankly, that I think has sort of gotten lost a little bit in this discussion. That is the proposal the Senator from Rhode Island has made with respect to having ombudsmen or advocates for consumers around the country. It ought to be one of the areas that both political parties could gravitate to, because I believe that what the Senator from Rhode Island has done--of course, we have gotten great input from Families USA and Ron Pollack and some of the folks who have done so much for consumers over the years--is essentially talk about a true revolution in the area of consumer protection.  What happened--I have seen this so often since my days as director of the Gray Panthers; I was head of the Gray Panthers at home for about 7 years before I was elected to the House--what we saw was that the consumer would have a problem and, without any advocates or the ability to get it handled early on, a problem that started off relatively modest and minor would just fester and get worse and eventually blossom into a huge controversy which ended up in litigation.  As the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island knows, one of the most controversial aspects of this whole debate about managed care is litigation. It seems to me that if the Senate were to adopt the proposal of the Senator from Rhode Island or some version of it, this would shift the focus of consumer protection away from litigation,away from problems after they have unnecessarily developed into something serious. Instead, we would resolve a lot of the problems early on and we wouldn't need this focus on litigation.  Certainly, we ought to have legal remedies for the really outrageous examples of consumer rip-offs and the like. But I think what the Senator from Rhode Island has done, and it is such a valuable service in this debate and a real revolution in consumer protection, is said: Let's get at it early on when the consumer and the families can find somewhere to turn. We will prevent problems then. It can be done relatively inexpensively.  I would like the Senator from Rhode Island to elaborate a little bit on this and make sure that over the next few minutes the Senator from Rhode Island can lay out his proposal, on which I am honored to join with him. I think this has the potential of, frankly, being one of the areas where the parties, once they focus on it, can say: This is good public policy that will reduce the need for litigation and, as Ron Pollack and Families USA have said so eloquently, help a lot of consumers when they need it most. Perhaps the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island could take us through it.  