President, I will be very brief. I want to respond to the point the Senator from Massachusetts made with respect to the standard that he would apply in identifying the potential for Y2K failure.  I believe that using language that vague virtually ensures that a significant number of frivolous cases are going to end up going to juries--exactly what we fear. What will happen, companies will attempt to defend themselves, the judge will be offered a motion to dismiss, and the company will say: It is frivolous; we move to dismiss the case. The judge will look, and if this were the standard that were actually adopted, he would say: I don't know whether they identified the potential for Y2K failure. And we would, in fact, be igniting an additional round of frivolous lawsuits.  A motion to dismiss under this standard will get by because it is so vague.  With respect to the economic losses the Senator from Massachusetts has talked about and believes are inadequately addressed under our bipartisan legislation, in this bill we keep State contract and tort law in effect. We keep State contract and tort law in effect. The problem is that there are some who disagree, some who would essentially like to create torts out of these contractual rights where no torts exist.  Finally, with respect to punitive damages, the Senator from Massachusetts said again that our bipartisan bill would hollow out, for example, protections that are needed for consumers. We ensure our standard of evidence with respect to this is in line with State requirements. Again, we are trying to take a balanced approach.  I hope my colleagues will oppose the Kerry amendment. I think it ensures we will see a significant number of frivolous suits not being dismissed where they ought to be but essentially ending up going to juries and causing great economic duress early in the next century.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, for the purpose of proposing some amendments, I ask that the pending Kerry amendment be set aside for that purpose, with the proviso of returning immediately to the Kerry amendment.  I send to the desk two amendments by Senator Murkowski, an amendment by Senator Gregg, an amendment by Senator Inhofe, and two amendments by Senator Sessions, and I ask for them to be numbered.  