President, on this point, Senator Edwards is such a magnificent lawyer and I am always reluctant to get into this, but the bottom line in this matter of economic losses is, whatever the plaintiff is entitled to get under State contract law with respect to economic losses is what our bill does. That is just the bottom line. Whatever the plaintiff is entitled to under State contract law is what they are going to get for economic loss--no more, no less. The bill keeps the status quo.  I want to take a minute to go to one example. I want to take a minute to talk about the options available to the typical small business in these kinds of cases.  Let's say we have a company that buys $10,000 worth of computers from another company, and they all crash January 3 of 2000. They lose $1 million worth of business as a result. Obviously, they are unhappy. They write the computer company and they say that crash was the fault of the computer company, the Y2K failure, and they want it fixed, and they want their money, they want their $1 million. I want to take a second and describe what happens in those situations.  The computer company has to get back to the small business within 30 days. It has to make it clear. You have to move. They can say it was a Y2K failure. The computer company says, ``It is our fault. We will fix it the way the business wants--the restaurant. We will give you $1 million.''  That is that. They can say they will fix the Y2K problem, but they should not be responsible for the whole $1 million. They might say, ``We will fix it, but we have to negotiate this out. We are liable for some. You are liable for some.''  If the small business isn't satisfied with what the computer company does, they can basically go out and sue immediately in that kind of situation.  The third kind of example would be, the computer company just stiffs the small businessperson, is completely unresponsive to what the small business needs. In that case, the plaintiff, the small businessperson, can go out and file a suit immediately against the computer company.  Finally, we have raised the example of what happens if that computer company is bankrupt and insolvent. At that point, the small businessperson can name in their lawsuit anybody they think is a responsible party. They can name Intel; they can name Microsoft; they can name anybody they want. It is at that point the jury is going to decide what portion of the blame each potential defendant ought to bear.  That strikes us as sensible. That is the principle of proportionality. We are saying that you ought to pick up the burden of the problem you actually produced, but if you did something intentional, if you ripped somebody off, if you engaged in egregious conduct, then joint and several applies.  If we are talking about a low net worth of a defendant, it is the same sort of situation. So the plaintiff isn't left hanging.  As we get towards the final vote, I ask my colleagues to remember that is what a typical small business is entitled to--those four kinds of situations, so that at the end of the day they are going to have their economic losses dealt with just as they would under State contract law--no more, no less.  Really, we have what amounts to only a handful of real protections for this 36-month period. Yes, we do say that if a small business is operating in good faith, we would put some limits on punitive damages. I guess there can be a philosophical difference of opinion on that. Reasonable people can differ. But we think that if a small business acts in good faith, there ought to be some limit in terms of these punitive damages. There are only a handful of protections.  Again, the 30-day period is a limitation on somebody's right to sue. That is why we say if you really think you are stiffed, you can go out and sue immediately. We think it makes sense for a 30-day period to try to cure these problems.  On the proportionality issue, we are making a change to deal with a situation where we think that unless somebody engages in an egregious offense-type of conduct with a low net worth defendant, it is appropriate in this situation to say you are liable for what you actually produced.  In addition to this being a bill that lasts for a short period of time, it does not apply to personal injury problems at all. If somebody is in an elevator and the computer system falls out and the elevator drops 10 floors and somebody is badly injured, all existing tort remedies apply.  I am very hopeful we will have a significant number of our colleagues, particularly on the Democratic side of the aisle, supporting this. There have been 10 major changes made in this legislation since it left the Senate Commerce Committee. Our senior Democrat, the distinguished Senator from South Carolina, was absolutely right--the bill that came out of the Senate Commerce Committee was completely unacceptable in terms of the rights of consumers and the rights of plaintiffs. I joined him in opposing it.  Since that time, we took out the items that were unfair. A lot of them happened to be in the House bill--which is completely unacceptable to me, as well.  This bill is a balanced bill. It tells defendants they have to go out and cure problems; it tells plaintiffs they have to go out and mitigate damages. I hope our colleagues recognize that failure to pass a responsible bill in this area is just like hurling a monkey wrench into the technology engine that is keeping our economy humming. I hope we won't do that.  The Senator from North Carolina asked me, before I went through that enlightening example of small business, to yield. I am happy to do so.  