President.  Mr. President, I am going to speak for a few minutes, and then I am going to yield some of our time to the Senator from New Jersey, the cosponsor of this resolution who has very strong feelings on this matter as well. We appreciate him coming over, as well, this morning.  Mr. President, a unilateral declaration of Palestinian statehood is irresponsible political brinkmanship, a provocative act that literally dares the State of Israel to respond, and it directly contravenes the spirit of the historic Oslo accords.  Six years ago, at those accords, the Israeli and Palestinian people took significant steps towards achieving peace and stability in the Middle East. Together there was a commitment to work and cooperate to produce a lasting peace through open and honest negotiations.  Despite that very promising beginning, the peace process is now on dangerously thin ice. The greatest risk to stability in the Middle East today is a repeated threat by Palestinian leaders to unilaterally declare statehood once the historic Oslo accords expire on May 4. Not only would such a declaration run counter to the spirit of the accords, but it would truly send a chilling message to all those who want meaningful peace in the Middle East.  That meaningful peace is why Senator Brownback and I in our bipartisan resolution today have garnered the support of 95 Members of the U.S. Senate to stand in strong opposition to a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state. We believe that step would constitute an ill-conceived plan that would truly short circuit the peace process. It would be bad news to all those who value stability in the Middle East.  The question of achieving Palestinian statehood while maintaining Israel's security lies at the heart of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian people. It is not going to be resolved overnight with a press release. It is going to take careful face-to-face negotiations and real commitment from both sides.  Both Israeli and Palestinian leaders made a commitment in the Oslo accords to go forward with the negotiated process. Chairman Arafat said so himself in a letter to Prime Minister Rabin in 1993. In his own words, he said, ``All outstanding issues relating to permanent status will be resolved through negotiations.'' He needs to be held to this promise. Israel has held up its end of the bargain. Mr. Arafat must do the same.  A rash move such as unilateral declaration would derail these negotiations and risk a dangerous escalation of this conflict. This sheer defiance of both the Oslo accords and the peace process would be the diplomatic equivalent of drawing a line in the sand, which invites a response and a potential escalation of this conflict.  On the playground, fights begin when the schoolyard bully balances a stick on his shoulder and dares someone to knock it off. A unilateral declaration of statehood employs the same kind of school-yard bullying--it dares the State of Israel to respond. And when Israel does respond by taking reasonable and necessary steps to ensure its security, these actions would be used as an excuse to further escalate this conflict.  How long would it be before we have Israeli defense forces and Palestinian militiamen standing eyeball to eyeball across the disputed boarder waiting for the other to blink, if there is a unilateral declaration of statehood?  How long before tensions rise so high that the smallest spark ignites more violence?  How long before we are faced again with the disturbing images where both Palestinian and Israeli mothers are shown mourning their children slain in some senseless act of violence?  The people of the Middle East have been down that road before. They have tried the old ways in resolving conflict through violence and bloodshed. Now they want the opportunity to use peaceful negotiation to resolve their differences. Let us not sabotage the prospect of peaceful resolution with a unilateral declaration. The Oslo peace process is a valuable opportunity to begin healing centuries-old wounds. A unilateral declaration of statehood would only reopen those old wounds and eventually lead to yet more bloodshed.  No one wants to see diplomats being replaced by armed soldiers. No one wants to see open dialog give way to angry threats. The peace process will be far better served by an open hand extended in friendship than by a fist clenched in anger.  Mr. President, the resolution that we will be voting on today is vitally important to keep the peace process moving forward. With overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate, we have the opportunity to send a clear, unequivocal message that we stand united in our opposition to a unilateral declaration of statehood. This resolution will hopefully make Palestinian leaders think twice about scrapping the peace process.  I am pleased that the President of the United States indicated his opposition to a unilateral declaration of statehood. The reason so many Members of the Senate join us today in this bipartisan resolution is we wish to drive this message home even further.  The President is going to be meeting with Chairman Arafat in several weeks to discuss this important issue. By the Senate making this unequivocal assertion this morning, we can strengthen his hand as he goes forward using the Oslo peace process to make sure that there are no end runs around the critically needed negotiations.  I am optimistic that a peaceful resolution can be found in the Middle East. Last month, Israeli and Palestinian authorities committed themselves to try to change the images they have of each other and to break through the mistrust that has divided them for so long.  They decided to exchange columns in each other's newspapers and to hold joint briefings for Israeli and Palestinian journalists. These are positive steps toward peace, and I'm hopeful to see more of this kind of cooperation in the Middle East.  But even an incurable optimist like me knows that it would be difficult to take further positive steps after a bad-faith attempt to unilaterally declare independence.  Palestinian statehood is a complex issue that must be dealt with carefully. It cannot be resolved through force or fiat. The prospect of peace in the Middle East is just too important to risk in a game of political chicken. If the Palestinian leadership is truly serious about peace, they will abandon the prospect of unilateral statehood.  