 To begin the hour of debate that we have on the Y2K measure, I would like to discuss the agreement entered into late yesterday, the special effort that was led by Senator Dodd of Connecticut. Senator Dodd has been the leader on our side on the Y2K issue. The agreement that was entered into last night involved Senator McCain, myself, Chairman Hatch, Senator Feinstein, Chairman Bennett; a number of colleagues were involved. It seems to me that this effort, which was led by Senator Dodd, has directly responded to a number of the concerns outlined by the White House in the statement that was delivered yesterday to the Senate. I would like to briefly outline the proposals which are going to be offered by the Senator from Connecticut in conjunction with the group of us that has been working on a bipartisan basis for this legislation.  Under the changes made yesterday, there would be punitive damage caps for small businesses. We ensure that there is fairness to both sides. We would eliminate punitive damage caps for the large businesses, those over 50 employees. We would protect municipalities and governmental entities from punitive damages. And we would also ensure that State evidentiary standards for claims involving fraud were kept in place.  The legislation would continue to do the following. There would have to be a 30-day notice. The plaintiff would have to submit a 30-day notice to the defendant on the plaintiff's intentions to sue, with a description of the Y2K problem. If the defendant responded with a plan to remediate, then an additional 60 days would be allowed to resolve the problem. If the defendant didn't agree to fix the problem, the plaintiff would be in a position to sue on the 31st day. We would establish--and this was of great concern to a number of Members of the Senate--liability proportionality. We would ensure that defendants don't pay more than the damage they are responsible for but exceptions would include plaintiffs with a modest net worth who were not able to collect from one or more defendants and defendants who had intentionally injured plaintiffs.  I think this is especially important because, clearly, if you have a defendant who has engaged in intentionally abusive conduct, you want to send the strongest possible message, and we do establish liability proportionality under the agreement led by Senator Dodd.  We would also preserve contract rights so as to not interfere with parties who have already agreed on Y2K terms and conditions. We would also confirm the duty to mitigate. This is an effort to essentially confirm existing law that plaintiffs have to limit damages and can't collect damages that could have been avoided. This is an opportunity for potential defendants to provide widespread information on Y2K solutions to assist potential plaintiffs.  Finally, our proposal would encourage alternative dispute resolution, and it also keeps, as a number of Democrats have discussed with us, all personal injury and wrongful death claims with every opportunity to use existing law to ensure protection for the consumer and for injured parties.  I commend my colleague from Connecticut, Senator Dodd. He is the Democratic leader on the Y2K issue. Let me also say that what Senator Dodd has done, in conjunction with myself and Senator McCain, is he has essentially taken a lot of what we have done in the securities litigation area, a lot of what we have done in the earlier Y2K legislation, and used that as a model. So Senator Dodd's proposal, in my view, is very constructive. We now have an agreement that has been entered into by Senator Dodd, Chairman McCain, myself, Chairman Hatch, who has been exceptionally helpful on this effort, our colleague from California, Senator Feinstein, and Senator Bennett, who chairs the Y2K committee.  So I am very pleased about this effort that was entered into late yesterday. I say to my colleagues--especially Democrats who were concerned about the statement issued earlier by the White House--this compromise effort that I have outlined--and we also issued a statement on it--responds directly to a number of the concerns that were outlined by the White House, especially the two perhaps most important, which are protection for injured parties as it relates to the opportunity to seek punitive damages where appropriate, and also to ensure that with respect to evidentiary standards, no one could say that this was now raising somehow for all time a change through Federal law. We specifically preserve State evidentiary standards for important claims involving fraud.  But I would say, Mr. President and colleagues, this legislation is not going to be a change for all time in our laws. It is essentially a bill, and it has a strong sunset provision that is going to last for 3 years or so. We are trying to make sure, through that sunset provision, that we deal just with those concerns raised by Y2K. Y2K is not a partisan issue. It affects every computer system that uses date information. It was essentially an engineering tradeoff which brought us to this predicament; to get more space on a disk and in memory, the idea of century indicators was abandoned. It is hard for us to believe today that disk and memory space at a premium, but it was at one time. So in an effort to try to make sure during those earlier days there were standards by which programs and systems could exchange information, there was this engineering tradeoff.  Now, some say you could just solve the Y2K problem by dumping all the old layers of computer code accumulated over the last few decades. That is not realistic. So what we ought to be trying to do is to make sure that information technology systems are brought into Y2K compliance as soon as possible. That is what the substitute that Senator McCain and I have offered seeks to do, and I believe that substitute has been vastly improved now by the leadership of the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Dodd.  I think as this discussion goes forward in the next hour, it is also important to recognize just how dramatic the implications are for this issue. I would like to cite one example which I know a number of my colleagues on the Democratic side can identify with very easily. A lot of my colleagues, led by Senator Kennedy, have been very concerned about making sure that there is a good prescription drug benefit for seniors under Medicare. It is the view of a lot of us that billions of dollars are wasted. Billions of dollars are wasted every single year as a result of seniors not taking prescriptions in a way so as to limit some adverse interaction. We waste billions of dollars and millions of seniors suffer as a result of not taking these prescriptions properly. And the best single antidotes that we have today are some of the new online computer systems which keep track of seniors' prescriptions and are in a position to help limit these adverse drug interactions.  Well, the fact of the matter is, if we have, next January, chaos in the marketplace with our pharmacies and our health care systems and programs that help us limit these problems involving drug interactions, we are going to waste billions of dollars which could be used to get senior citizens decent prescription drug benefits, and we are going to hurt older people needlessly.  Now, that has been a problem documented by the General Accounting Office. I raise it primarily because there has been a discussion in the Senate about how this legislation is just sort of a high-tech bill, and maybe some folks care about it in the State of Oregon where we care passionately about technology, or Silicon Valley, or another part of the country. I think we all know that technology is important in every State in our Nation. But I think it is very clear that these issues dramatically affect our entire Nation. It doesn't just involve a handful of high-tech companies; it involves millions and millions of Americans. The reason I have taken the Senate's time to discuss particularly how this would affect older people with their prescription drugs is that I think this is just a microcosm of this debate. I think this is just one small example of what this discussion is all about.  Now, the Congressional Budget Office and other experts have estimated that Y2K-related litigation could cost consumers and businesses twice as much as fixing the Y2K problem itself. Now, I think those predictions may, in fact, be exaggerated; maybe they are wildly exaggerated. But I would much prefer to see the Senate craft responsible legislation now rather than to delay. And should the Senate not act on this legislation in an expeditious way, I believe there is a very real possibility that the Senate could be back here in January having a special session to deal with this issue.  So I am very hopeful that we can go forward on it. I know that the minority leader, Senator Daschle, has worked very hard to be fair and to ensure that there is opportunity for colleagues to raise amendments. He has been working closely with the majority leader, Senator Lott. Those procedural issues are still to be resolved.  I happen to agree with Senator Kennedy on this matter of raising the minimum wage. I think he is absolutely correct that we ought to raise the minimum wage. But I am very hopeful that we will not see these issues pitted against each other. It is extremely important to raise the minimum wage. Ialso think it is extremely important to deal with this Y2K issue in a responsible fashion.  I know there are other Members of the Senate who wish to speak on this issue. They haven't arrived on the floor quite yet. I think I will just take an additional couple of minutes, as we await them, to outline some of the changes that have been made since the legislation left the Commerce Committee. At that time, regrettably, it was a partisan bill and did not yet have the constructive changes made by the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Dodd, and did not at that point include the eight major changes that Chairman McCain and I negotiated. I would like to wrap up my initial comments by taking a minute or two to talk about those changes that have been made in the legislation. For example, Mr. President and colleagues, early on none of the bills had a sunset provision in the legislation. There was a great concern that somehow some change in tort law and contract law would be for all time, establishing new Federal standards in this area. It was a feeling on my part and upon the part of other colleagues that it was absolutely critical to have a sunset provision to ensure that we were talking just about problems relating to the Y2K and not creating massive changes in Federal tort law or contract law that would last for all time.  None of the original bills contained a sunset date. We now have a 3-year sunset date making it very clear that any Y2K failure must occur before January 1, 2003, in order to be eligible to be covered by the legislation. Most industry analysts agree that Y2K failures are likely to follow a bell curve, a peaking on approximately January 1, 2000, and trailing off in 1 to 3 years. The sunset date that has been added tracks the very best professional analysis we have about the problem.  I thank Chairman McCain for adding that in our initial negotiations. It is extremely important to me. I felt a lot of the Members of the Senate on the Democratic side felt that it was critical that this be a set of changes that was limited to a short period of time. That 3-year sunset addition, I think, sends a very powerful message that this is not changing tort and contract law for all time. I am very pleased that it has been added.  Second, in the committee there were some vague, essentially new Federal defenses that I and others felt unfairly biased this process in favor of the defendant. Those were removed. Essentially what those original provisions said was that if defendants engaged in what was called a ``reasonable effort'' that they would be protected advocates. Consumers felt strongly that this language was mushy and vague.  I agree completely with them on it. In fact, we originally had it in committee, and I opposed it at that time. But at the request of the consumer groups, this mushy, vague language that protects defendants who engaged in something called a ``reasonable effort'' was dropped.  We also made changes to keep the principle of joint liability. After the legislation left the committee, we thought it was important to make sure that for cases involving fraud and egregious conduct we kept the traditional principle of joint and several liability. It was also extended to involve insolvent defendants.  Senator Dodd has continued to help us in this area to ensure there is fairness for injured parties while at the same time making it clear that the defendants don't pay more than the damage for which they are responsible.  The legislation continues to have in place what we negotiated after the legislation left the committee. This is incorporated into the announcements we made last night about the important efforts made by Senator Dodd.  Finally, we thought it was important to make sure contract rights were paramount in this area. This legislation does not involve any changes whatever in personal injury rights. If, for example, an individual is in an elevator and that elevator falls 10 floors to the bottom of a building, and that individual is tragically injured, or dies, all of the personal injury remedies are kept in place. That is not something that would be affected by this legislation. This legislation involves contractual rights between private business parties. I and others felt that it was not adequately laid out in the committee legislation, that the contract rights were paramount in this area. As a result of the negotiations we had after the legislation left the committee, those rights were kept in place. I and others felt that was essential.  I see my good friend from the State of Connecticut on the floor. I am going to yield in just one second. But first I want to take a minute and tell him how much I appreciate what he has done. He is, of course, the Democratic leader on the Y2K issue.  I am essentially still a rookie in the Senate, and the Senator from Connecticut has been so helpful as we have tried to take this legislation that passed the committee unfortunately on a partisan vote and tried to make it responsive to the many legitimate issues that have been raised by our colleagues on this side of the aisle. The colleagues on this side of the aisle have been absolutely right about saying that the original bill was not adequate with respect to punitive damages. It wasn't adequate with respect to evidentiary standards. It didn't do enough to address the issues that we heard about from the White House late yesterday.  As a result of an agreement led by the Senator from Connecticut, we have been responsive to those issues. We have essentially had nine major changes made after the bill came out of committee. The Senator from Connecticut has led the bipartisan effort. I discussed that bipartisan effort earlier involving Senator Feinstein, Senator Hatch, and Senator Bennett.  I want to yield the floor now to the Senator from Connecticut, and thank him for all he has done to make this a bill that I believe can get the support of a significant number of Democrats, because it responds to what we heard from the White House. I thank him as well personally for all of the good counsel and help that he has given me. He is the leader on this issue. He is the one who navigated the securities litigation legislation. I pointed out how he took much of what the Senate learned on the securities litigation in the earlier Y2K bill and made that part of his compromise. I thank the Senator from Connecticut.  Mr. President, I yield the floor. I look forward to hearing from the Senator from Connecticut.  