 I want to rise in opposition to this bill.  The gentleman from Mississippi knows as well as any of us that the right to vote is sacred. Access to the polling places ought to be sacred. Every American ought to be facilitated in voting, and every American vote needs to count. That's what the Help America Vote Act was all about.  Bob Ney of Ohio, who was chairman of the House Administration Committee subsequent to the 2000 election, and I worked on this legislation. And as has been pointed out, it passed overwhelmingly in a bipartisan way.  The right to vote is at the foundation of our democracy, so it is extremely disappointing that this bill would undermine our Nation's ability to protect that right. From 1789 to 2000, the Federal Government had elections which it did not pay for nor did it administer. Now, under this bill, we're still not paying for elections and we're still not administering them, not this bill that's on the floor. But under our scheme of things, the elections are still run by States and counties and localities.  What this agency was designed to do was to bring the best information possible so that elections could be run in the best way possible. There are over, I think, 120 million voters in America. So this is 20 cents for each one of those voters, to make sure that they have access and that their vote is counted and counted properly. Eliminating funding for the Election Assistance Commission would harm the integrity of our elections in 2012 and for years to come. Voters deserve assurance that their vote will count.  In 2000, our democracy was blemished by our flawed election systems. This was a response, passed in a bipartisan fashion. Regardless of how we felt about the outcome of that election, Republicans and Democrats agreed that the Federal Government had a duty to improve election systems so that every qualified citizen's vote counts.  Now, the FEC has a responsibility, and that is to monitor contributions and expenditures of political candidates, not to run elections. They had somewhat that responsibility before we created the Election Assistance Commission in HAVA, and they did not carry it out. Why? Because they neither had the resources nor the time to do so.  We need to provide States the financial and informational resources to upgrade their voting registration systems, train their poll workers, and improve access for disabled voters. The result was the bipartisan Help America Vote Act, or HAVA, which I was proud to help write.  