They were also concerned, correctly, about the debt and deficit that confronts this country. Those were the two items that they were very focused on and concerned about, and I think almost everyone on this floor shares their concerns.  I got no message from any voter that I ought to come to Congress and undermine the air, water, land that they survive on, recreate on and rely on for the quality of their lives. Not one constituent, whether they voted for me or against me, said, ``Undermine the protections of our land and water and air.'' Not one. However, that is what we're dealing with today--not jobs, not deficit--but undermining the integrity of our air, our water and our land.  I rise, therefore, Mr. Chairman, in strong opposition to this bill, which puts some of our Nation's most precious natural resources at severe risk. This bill slashes funding for the Environmental Protection Agency by nearly 20 percent, after a year in which its funding already declined by 16 percent. The result of these cuts will be an agency unequipped.  Now, Mr. Chairman, I don't have to address you, but if I didn't under the rules have to address you, I would address all of America about their concerns about this undermining of the Environmental Protection Agency. Americans want the environment protected. They don't want that effort undermined.  It will mean higher risks of dirtier air, unsafe water and carbon pollution in our atmosphere. No American said that that's what they wanted when they talked to me.  This bill also includes a rider that would defund the listing of endangered species and habitats--a true failure of environmental stewardship.  Perhaps worst of all, this bill comes with 39 separate anti-environment riders that cater to some of our Nation's most powerful special interests.  Now maybe I missed it. Maybe there's an American somewhere who said, ``Look, protect the special interests and undermine our environment,'' but I just missed talking to them maybe. Maybe that was it.  These riders would endanger and exploit our public resources, including such treasures as the Grand Canyon and the Colorado River, the quality of our Nation's air and water for the private gain of just a few.  The Land and Water Conservation Fund, which reinvests money we can gain from offshore oil and gas drilling into protecting our public lands--now, we have just seen a dramatic assault on our lands on the gulf coast--it's cut 78 percent from the current year's funding in this bill.  Communities waiting for funding for new sewer and drinking water systems will find a 40 percent cut from current levels. No American asked me for that.  In 1995, the very first vote the new Republican majority cast was on a bill like this one, one that attempted to slash the EPA and an active wish list of special interest priorities. The year is different but the policy is the same. But there was one major difference. That failed bill had just 17 environmental riders--less than half of this one. This one has 39. These provisions do nothing to control spending. They are end-runs simply around laws to protect our environment.  Now, as then, the wish list deserves to be voted down. Sherry Boehlert, who was a member of the Natural Resources Committee, stood on this floor when that 1995 bill was offered. A Republican leader in the House of Representatives said: Do not do this to our land, our air, and our water.  Let me close by quoting the wise words of the ranking member of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, my colleague and friend Congressman Jim Moran: ``There are those who want to make this controversy between humans and the environment, but that is a false assertion.''  I urge you to read the balance of Mr. Moran's quote in opposing this bad bill.  I yield back the balance of my time.  