 I would hope that we could also have hearings.  I understand the gentleman is correct that the text has not been sent up--I expect that to happen in the very near future, probably, I would hope, before we get back on Monday night--but I would hope that we could start hearings on all segments of that and see that on which we could get agreement. Certainly investing in our infrastructure, investing in our schools, in our highways, critically important, we believe. And I think that will not only create jobs, but it will create jobs that will have a meaningful, positive impact on our infrastructure and our economic competitiveness.  The President mentioned about making it in America. As you know, we have a Make It In America agenda which includes a large number of items, including a manufacturing strategy, the President mentioned. That was one of the few times we all stood very enthusiastically when he mentioned, whether it was making cars or refrigerators or other goods here in America, that having made in America goods was something that I think we all support. So that's part of his agenda as well and certainly our agenda, and I hope our agenda writ large on a bipartisan basis.  If I might ask you, on the front page of The Washington Post today, as you probably saw, is a picture of my district in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, where there is great flooding as a result of the rains that we have received from Irene. The supplemental for FEMA is coming hopefully from the Senate relatively soon.  I would ask the gentleman: As you know, $484 million remains in FEMA's Disaster Relief Fund, clearly not enough to meet the disasters. In the aftermath of 9/11, as the gentleman knows, we appropriated such funds as were necessary, and we did so without paying for them because, in fact, they were real emergencies, real pain, real displacement, real dislocation, real costs immediately incurred by people as a result of the disaster--in that case in a terrorist act, but in this case a disaster. Can the gentleman tell me whether or not we will be able to pass, in a relatively accelerated fashion, sufficient resources for FEMA without getting into arguments about how, in the short term, we will pay for them?  We have to pay for things in the long term; I'm for that. But I would ask the gentleman whether or not he would anticipate getting that supplemental done as early as possible--and hopefully a clean supplemental next week if that is at all possible--because we need to respond to the emergencies that confront us.  I yield to my friend.  