 Of course it's money the government doesn't have. As you know, revenues are at the lowest point they've been in some six decades in America--on one hand because we are not collecting revenue and, on the other hand, because people don't have money in their pockets to pay revenues. They're not working; therefore, they're not paying taxes, and therefore, revenues are down for those two reasons.  I would say to my friend that it's my understanding that the account that you have targeted has some $3.9 billion in pending requests, which are the items that would lead to 50,000 to 60,000 new jobs.  Now, at a time when we're not creating sufficient jobs for our people--let's assume, for the sake of argument, you want to offset this money. You and I both agree it ought to be paid for. The question is: When do you pay for it? Do we pay for it right now?  The fact of the matter is, if you target this particular fund, you are targeting a fund which has demonstrably grown jobs in America. Some 39,000 jobs have been created as a result of loans out of this fund. There is $3.9 billion. You indicate there is still money in the account. You're absolutely right on that. But there are pending requests, again, which would result in 50,000 to 60,000 new jobs, which would be revenue creation for the Federal Government.  So, in fact, it appears that we may be cutting off our nose to spite our face here, and I would urge the gentleman to perhaps revisit this.  The gentleman mentioned the Clinton administration. As the gentleman will well recall, the concerns were not as high then because, during the Clinton administration, of course, we were creating over 3 million jobs per year on average so that the private sector was humming along very well and created 22 million jobs during the Clinton administration.  Unfortunately, that was not the case in the last administration, nor has it yet been the case in this administration, although there were 2 million jobs, as the gentleman knows, created in the last 20 months. However, the last 2 months have been stagnant, and that's not good for anybody. It's not good for Republicans or Democrats, but, more importantly, it's not good for the country. Therefore, I would urge us to make sure that we do not target a fund which has already demonstrably created jobs.  