 First of all, the issue here has been raised by a case that is not yet concluded. Let me state that again: the issue raised in this legislation is reference to a case that is not yet concluded and seeks to interpose our judgment for the finder of fact and law's judgment. Normally, we believe that's a bad practice in a Nation of laws, not of men.  Secondly, this bill shows clearly a basic difference between many of us on this side and many on that side of the aisle, and that is whether or not you believe that working men and women have the right to come together to organize and to bargain collectively for their pay, their benefits, and their working conditions. In fact, it is my belief that the overwhelming majority of working Americans, whether or not they have joined such an organization, find their workplace safer, healthier, their pay better, and more availability of benefits than they would have if men and women had not been guaranteed the right to bargain collectively, for which they fought and some died in the 1930s and 1940s and later, because people did not want them to do that. They wanted to say: I don't care how much money we make, this is your portion.  Now, we see superathletes not stand for that if they're in the NFL or in the NBA or the NHL. We understand that. They see their enterprises making great money because they're great players. But the owners want to pay them what they need to pay them. Why? Because they want to maximize profits. I'm for that. That's the free enterprise system.  So we set up a system where we can bargain and we can come to a fair resolution. But this bill says that the concomitant of that right, which is that the employer cannot retaliate for the exercising of a legal right, will be jettisoned. That's what this bill says pretty simply. Yes, you have the right to bargain collectively; but if we don't like what you're doing, we're taking a hike. We're going to retaliate.  I do not decide today whether or not that will be the finder of fact and law's conclusion in this case. I don't know that Boeing did that.  