 I would say that it's my understanding now that we are, as the gentleman has pointed out, going to be meeting on Monday, and we will be voting on Monday at 6:30 rather than commencing on Tuesday at 6:30. The gentleman has pointed out that that's to accommodate the challenge that confronts us in the crisis that we have been put in with reference to assuring, A, that America does not default on its bills, and that we continue to pursue efforts to bring the deficit down and the debt under control.  I say to my friend that it is late. He is right. We should confront this situation. We on numerous occasions, of course both the gentleman and I, have voted in the past to extend the debt limit so that America paid the bills that it has incurred.  The gentleman also notes that a piece of legislation was brought to the floor to ensure that we pay our bills. It was brought to the floor with the express intention by the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee that it be defeated, and of course it was defeated, and all of your members voted against it, although over half of my members voted to make sure we pay our bills so that we did not get to this position.  The gentleman and I have been involved in efforts to reach agreement with the President, with the Senate, and with ourselves, with both sides of the aisle, so that we could not only provide for America paying its bills, which if it doesn't will have very serious consequences to every household in America, every 401(k) pension program in America--and the gentleman and I agree, and everybody at the table with the President agreed, that allowing America to default on its bills was not something that any of us believed was a policy that was appropriate.  I say to my friend, the Cut, Cap, and Balance Act, we've been confronted with this challenge for a long period of time. It was my understanding that you were going to bring to the floor next week a balanced budget amendment, which was announced and which I thought was coming and which we had told our members was coming. You have now substituted for that, as I understand it, am I correct, the Cut, Cap, and Balance Act?  To my understanding, there is no text for that act available at this time. Is that accurate? Am I correct that there is no text yet available for that bill?  