 Jane Harman and I have known each other for almost half a century. We in fact grew up together in many ways, became involved in public service, and I have seen her grow into one of the great leaders in this country on issues of national security.  National security is one of the most bipartisan issues with which we deal. Everyone knows that we swear an oath to defend the Constitution and laws of this Nation, and that we have a responsibility to ensure the safety of our country and the safety of our people. Few among us have taken more to heart that responsibility than Jane Harman of California.  Jane, of course, as all of you know, served on the Intelligence Committee. She served on the Intelligence Committee as ranking member for a long period of time. And if you ask the people in the intelligence community or in the defense community--and of course she served on the staff of the Department of Defense as well in a number of administrations--they will tell you that Jane Harman is as knowledgeable, as incisive, as thoughtful, as analytical as anybody with whom they have dealt in the Congress of the United States. We will be a lesser Congress for her leaving us and have less of an expertise, although many experts we still have.  Jane has been a voice to the American people on the focus that we have needed to keep our country safe and to confront those terrorists who would put us at risk.  Jane, we owe you a debt of gratitude, your constituents owe you a debt of gratitude, and your country owes you a debt of gratitude.  The sadness of your leaving is leavened somewhat by the fact that you will continue to be involved and your expertise will continue to be available in your new position as the leader of the Woodrow Wilson Center, a distinguished center of thought and focus on issues of international security and policy.  We thank you for your service. We wish you the very best. And we are so glad to know that you are just a few blocks down the road so that we will be able to call upon you to give your very thoughtful insights, analysis, and advice to the issues that confront this Nation and all of us, Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, which, as you rightly point out, is not an issue of ideology but of practical safety for our citizens and Nation.  Thank you, dear friend. Thank you, dear colleague. Thank you, dear American leader.  