 Given the fact, as the gentleman pointed out, that this crisis has been known to us for over 5, 6 months now, that we were going to confront this, I understand that in the Cut, Cap, and Balance pledge that has been put forward--I don't know whether it's going to be put forward in the legislation--but the pledge says that your side or--excuse me--the people who sign the pledge, whatever side they're on, are going to ``oppose any debt limit increase unless all three of the following conditions have been met:''  One, ``Substantial cuts in spending that will reduce the deficit next year and thereafter.'' It seems to me that we passed a budget through this House that does that. It doesn't reach balance, of course, until some 30 years from now. Secondly, it says, as a condition for voting for a debt extension, ``Enforceable spending caps that will put Federal spending on a path to a balanced budget.'' As you know, we've had discussions in the White House on caps and what they apply to, whether they are a percentage of GDP or they're actually caps in spending, which obviously escalate the denigration of the ability to deliver services over the years, depending upon the flexibility that's incorporated. I haven't seen the legislation, of course. And then thirdly, on balanced, ``congressional passage.'' Then in parentheses it says, ``not mere support.'' Now, I know there are some people on this floor who have signed this agreement, so I presume that they're not going to vote to make sure America pays its bills on August 3. ``Congressional passage of a Balanced Budget Amendment to the U.S. Constitution--but only if it includes both a spending limitation and a super-majority for raising taxes, in addition to balancing revenues and expenses.''  Now, I presume that that requirement will have to come, according to this pledge, to get votes which are included in this Cut, Cap, and Balance pledge. Does the gentleman believe that the second two at least--one could argue that we've already done the first in terms of making substantial cuts and that we've discussed agreeing on making substantial cuts, but that the second two conditions cannot possibly be met between now and August 2?  