 We could go back and forth on how many jobs were, in fact, created. My belief is that there were substantial numbers of jobs created by this fund and the prospect of those 50,000 or 60,000 jobs is real, not ephemeral, not just a debating point.  But I would say to my friend, my friend has been recently quoted, I'm sure accurately, perhaps--and correct me if I'm wrong--in saying that during the first 8 months we focused on cuts of our ``cut and grow,'' and now we need to focus on grow. I would tell my friend, assuming that quote is accurate, that, in fact, here we are again focused on cut, not on grow.  Clearly, whatever the specific number is, I think that is, frankly, not refutable, that the investment in advanced manufacturing technology vehicles is, in fact, going to make us more competitive globally, is going to enhance the ability to make it in America, not only to succeed in America but to make ``it''--in this case, advanced vehicles which are competitive in the international markets.  This is a specific area where we have tried to invest in making sure that we make ``it''--in this case, advanced technology vehicles--and I don't think it's good policy for us to be focused on cutting back on those areas which have the promise of growth and jobs. That is what I tell my friend.  Obviously, the gentleman is correct, but I want to tell the gentleman also that if you keep cutting revenues, as we did in 2001 and 2003, and then you keep escalating spending, as we did over the last 10 years, inevitably you're going to get to the point where that family is not going to have any revenues to pay its bills, as the gentleman points out.  But it's inevitable that when you continue to cut revenues and if you don't cut spending, you're going to be in trouble. That didn't happen in the last decade. It didn't happen in the last administration. In fact, as you know, exactly the opposite happened. We escalated spending more than we did under the Clinton administration; and, therefore, we find ourselves in a hole. The economy went into the tank, and it's struggling.  I agree with you. It doesn't matter why it's struggling, who's to blame. It's struggling. As a result, what the President has done is come before us and said, Look, here's a jobs bill. We need to build jobs. I'm not going to go through all the polling data. I'm sure my friend has seen it. There's a recent CNN poll which shows that the public, by big numbers, wants us to focus on creating, building, expanding jobs. And very frankly, the public believes that you need to invest to do that, by pretty good numbers.  I'm for disciplining spending. I will vote to discipline spending, but I don't think that targeting job-creation projects is the way to discipline it when Americans all over this country are really hurting because there are not jobs available for them.  I want to thank the gentleman for what I think are very measured and positive responses to the President's suggestion on how we create jobs in this country. I would ask the gentleman what plans the gentleman has and his party has to move forward on the legislation that the President has asked to create jobs, to invest in growing our economy, and to help those small businesses expand and create jobs and to help those who do not have any job and who are worried about how to put food on their family's table, as well as investing in infrastructure and keeping teachers on the job.  We think this legislation is critically important. We think the American people in the most recent CNN poll have responded very positively. They think this is a productive way to go forward.  Can the gentleman tell me whether or not there are plans to have the committees move forward or for us to move forward on this legislation?  