 And it is a crisis. It must be met. We do not have an alternative. Because if we do not address it--all of you have heard about my three children, my three grandchildren, and my one great granddaughter. All of them will hold me and all of you responsible for the legacy of fiscal irresponsibility which we will leave them.  We now have bipartisan responsibility. You are in charge of this House; the Democrats are in charge of the Senate, and we have a President who is a Democrat. It is a perfect opportunity for us all to take responsibility and, yes, part of the blame, because the decisions we will have to make will be tough; they will be agonizing, and they will be wrenching. And people will say, We're not sure you should have done it.  If we do it together, we can do it. And we owe it to our country, our fellow citizens, and our children to do so.  Cutting spending is part of the solution to our deficit. But we also have to cut wisely, making the distinction between spending we can do without, and investments that are vital to our future growth.  But Republicans have brought to the floor a spending bill full of cuts that are short-sighted and indiscriminate. They endanger the investments we need to grow our economy and create jobs--to out-build, out-innovate, and out-educate our competitors. When we talk about cutting those investments, we are talking about cutting tomorrow's jobs.  I wish that my Republican colleagues would listen to the business leaders who understand the importance of thoughtful investment.  Listen to Tom Donohue of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Richard Trumka of the AFL-CIO, who don't agree on very much: ``Whether it is building roads, bridges, high-speed broadband, energy systems and schools, these projects not only create jobs . . . they are an investment in building the modern infrastructure our country needs to compete.''  But the Republican spending bill would cancel 76 transportation projects in 40 States, and leave us with roads, bridges, and an air traffic control system stuck in the last century.  Listen to Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce.com: ``The number 1 thing the government needs to do is increase research funding.''  But the Republican spending bill would cut support for 20,000 researchers at the National Science Foundation, cut $1.4 billion of energy research, and cut $2.5 billion of medical research.  Listen to Bill Gates: ``If we don't start innovating in education to make it better and more accessible . . . our competitiveness will fall behind that of other countries.''  But the Republican spending bill would kick 200,000 children out of Head Start and make it harder for Americans to afford college.  By all means, let's take real action on the deficit--but not in a way that sacrifices America's competitive edge.  