I also thank the gentlelady from North Carolina as well.  Mr. Speaker, while I would prefer us to be addressing a reauthorization of No Child Left Behind, today's legislation reflects bipartisan support for innovation in public schools and improving educational opportunities for students who still lack access to a high-quality education.  I know this rule that we are dealing with deals with both bills. I am for the rule. I think it's a rule that provides for two pieces of legislation that enjoy bipartisan support.  The Chesapeake Public Charter School, a K-8 school located in my district, has developed a year-round school model which embeds the arts and environmental studies throughout its curriculum. This school hopes to, one day, expand its successful model through its existing charter with our local school system and would be able to do so with funding from this bill.  As we consider this bill today, it's unfortunate that after 9 months in session, however, we are still not bringing jobs bills to this floor. So today, and throughout the fall, Democrats will offer Make It in America amendments at every opportunity to highlight ways we can create jobs and strengthen our economy.  Today, Democrats are proposing two Make It in America amendments. I would say parenthetically that Mr. Garamendi had an excellent amendment. It wasn't made in order. He's going to ask that we get to it by the previous question.  Congressman Lujan's amendment, however, focuses on sharing best practices in instruction and professional development in the STEM subjects to develop a more competitive and highly skilled work force. America needs that.  And Congresswoman Davis' amendment reminds us that the primary objective of this bill is to use the innovation of charter schools to improve educational outcomes so all students can make it in America.  The jobs of the future require a high-quality elementary and secondary education, which lead to high-quality postsecondary education and training components. We need to make sure that we are preparing students for the diversity of jobs that awaits them, the jobs that will bring home good wages, the jobs that will improve our economy in the long term.  I believe charter schools can play a valuable role in that objective, which is why I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  