 I have had discussions with the gentleman, and with Mr. McCarthy in particular--and also briefly with the Speaker--that we are certainly prepared to participate in discussions leading towards a successful passage of those three pieces of legislation, particularly the unemployment insurance and the payroll tax extension, which we believe are critical before we end this year. So we're pleased to see that legislation moving forward. But I will tell my friend that I would be pleased to participate in discussions with him so that we can assure that that bill will in fact pass and, hopefully, pass in a bipartisan fashion.  I want to tell the gentleman that I'm a little bit concerned, and I want to ask him whether this principle will be followed. I think I used this quote last week, but it bears repeating. Speaker Boehner said:  We will end the practice of packaging unpopular bills with must-pass legislation to circumvent the will of the American people. Instead, we will advance major legislation one issue at a time.  That was in the Republican Pledge as well, and the Speaker has reiterated that at the beginning of this session.  Now, I am concerned because Republican Study Committee Chairman Jim Jordan of Ohio is quoted in The Washington Post as saying the following:  ``The fact the President doesn't like it''--the ``it'' referring to the Keystone pipeline provision, which we understand is under discussion. I'm glad to hear those discussions have not concluded. But he again quoted, ``The fact that the President doesn't like it makes me like it even more . . . said of the GOP leadership proposal as he left Thursday morning's closed-door meeting.''  I will say to my friend that we are at the end of the session. We are hopeful, as I have said--and as we have demonstrated on the two CRs and the debt extension and on the minibus appropriation bill that we passed--that we are prepared to respond in a bipartisan fashion to assist in passing must-pass legislation and would hope very much that we don't put controversial items in that. The President has clearly annunciated that he will veto a bill that has the Keystone pipeline.  I will say, as my friend clearly knows, there is bipartisan concern--as a matter of fact, the Governor of Nebraska, a Republican, and the Republican legislature, which although nominally nonpartisan, as the gentleman knows, is two-thirds Republican, one-third Democrat, have all voted to delay this project because of their concern about the aquifer and the impact that the Keystone pipeline, as currently platted, will have in reference to the aquifer, so that there is a bipartisan concern.  As the gentleman knows, as a result of Nebraska's passing legislation which said they wanted to do a study on the aquifer and alternative siting of the Keystone pipeline course, that that study would take them 5 to 6 to 7 months, as a result, the President indicated they would give time to the Nebraska Governor and the Nebraska Legislature--again, Republican organs--to look at that, has given themadditional time and said he won't act until the beginning of 2013.  I ask the gentleman, does he believe that provision--I understand what Mr. Jordan says. It may be a nice political gesture, but I would hope that that would not be the kind of provision that would be included in the legislation, whether it's individual bills or a comprehensive bill, including those three items that hopefully we can pass in a bipartisan fashion.  I yield to my friend.  