I acknowledge the presence of Gabby Giffords' extraordinary staffer and extraordinary leader on her staff, who herself lost a valued member of her staff and Gabby's staff.  Madam Speaker, all of us who serve in this House know that we could not do the work we do without the help of our extraordinarily able and highly motivated staffs. They work long hours with pay below their counterparts in the executive branch and in the private sector. Many are young, in their twenties and thirties, with an energy and a passion for public service that give us all great hope for the future.  Gabe Zimmerman was one of those passionate and dedicated staffers who loved his job, who loved his fellow staffers, and who loved his Congresswoman. He was working for a beloved friend and colleague of all of ours, Congresswoman Gabby Giffords.  Gabe Zimmerman was a bridge between the Congresswoman and individuals and constituent groups in her district, fostering and expanding each daythe most important relationships Members of Congress maintain: those with their constituents, with the people who have entrusted them with the responsibility of representing them in this great body. Gabe Zimmerman was the first congressional staffer in history, as has been said a number of times, to lose his life in the line of duty, in the 222 years of the history of this body. He lost his life protecting, promoting, and defending democracy.  Gabe Zimmerman, along with six others, was not the object of attack, but a victim of a domestic terrorist intent on assassinating Congresswoman Giffords and intent on randomly killing people participating in one of democracy's most basic activities--the discussion between constituents and their Representatives. Members of my own staff--and I'm sure the members of the staffs of every Member here--were profoundly shaken by this event, realizing that it could have been them or, indeed, any staffer, participating with their Members in any public or even private event.  It is entirely fitting, therefore, that we rename in his memory a room where, every day, Members and our staffs come together to further the representation of the American people. Every day, when we enter that room, we will remember Gabe Zimmerman. Gabe Zimmerman died while serving his country, and we honor him for that service.  But let me say to every staffer who serves with us that, by doing so, we honor you as well--your contributions and the contributions of all staffs--who, like Gabe, strive to make this country a better one for all Americans.  We send to Gabe's parents our deepest sympathy for a loss that cannot be compensated, but tell them that we share their extraordinary pride in this American hero.  