Speaker, let me just say that our side hasn't been consulted.  The Republicans have 238 votes to pass anything here. They have the vast majority. You only need 218 votes, so if you wanted to pass it, you could do it right now. You could have done it a month ago, you could have done it 2 months ago, you could have done it 3 months ago.  But there is something fundamentally wrong on that side of the aisle, and, of course, you have to deal with the other body where you hold a majority, and you can't get it done there either.  Now, in football, you would call this fumbling the ball. In baseball, you would call it flubbing the ball.  Honestly, if you can't consult with our side of the aisle, why would you expect anybody would want to work with you anyway? You treat us like we are from, I don't know, Borneo. Why would you think we would want to vote for something that we can't agree with because of its essential unfairness?  I really can't understand why you are putting the Republic through all these contortions.  You don't have a budget. You know, we have been asking for a budget, and you don't make decisions about departments until you have a budget because you might underfund one department or overfund another department, so we want to do this in a very orderly way.  But our Republican friends appear to hope the government will function with no road map. Are they really asleep behind the wheel of the car? They are sure careening, and they might even hit a brick wall.  If the Republicans cannot put together a framework agreement for a vote this week, it is safe to say they have fumbled and flubbed every opportunity they have had. It reminds me of the old Looney Tunes character Elmer Fudd. They can't even catch Bugs Bunny when he is staring them right in the face. They aren't making progress and, indeed, are losing ground.  There was hope on September 8, when we voted the first time for a short-term extension, that you could actually reach agreement. But here it is, the brand new year, and we still don't have agreement.  