Chair, I would just like to respond to the gentleman. The offer of this amendment should never be on an appropriation bill. This is one of these extraneous riders that belongs in other bills, and it is very damaging to the future of communities across this country, thousands of which lack banking services and financial services of any kind.  What we are talking about here is something simple. It is something very simple: a pilot program. We are not saying this is going to happen all over the United States. This gentleman wants to deny the ability of communities to have any kind of normal financial service where they have been redlined by the very letters that the gentleman just asked to be placed in the Record. Those very institutions abandoned the communities that we are seeking to serve.  I am really disappointed that the gentleman would want people to be subjected to usurious interest rates or to a lack of any kind of financial service, even paying your electric bill, for heaven's sake.  So, for two reasons, I ask my colleagues to vote against the gentleman's amendment: number one, it doesn't belong in this bill; and number two, it does a great disservice to the people of this country. They have a right to better service.  The Postal Service is coast to coast. It is audited, it is properly staffed, and it is universal. Whether you are poor or whether you are rich in this country, you have a right. You have a right to be treated fairly by the institutions that this Nation manages.  Mr. Chair, I want to congratulate those who work for our great Postal Service. I ask that the gentleman's amendment be defeated, and let us support what is in the Constitution of the United States, which is respect for the Postal Service, coast to coast to every citizen.  Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina.  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  