Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me time and for her incredible work on this bill, and also the chairman of the full committee, Chairman Frelinghuysen.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan agreement before us and want to thank, again, Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking Member Lowey and our able committee staff on both sides for their tireless effort to slog this across the finish line after five false starts.  It is utterly ridiculous that nearly halfway into the fiscal year that began last October 2017 we finally arrived at the brink of completion of our top priority: funding the operations of the Government of the United States from the Defense Department to children's health.  Republicans control both Chambers of Congress as well as the White House, yet the delays and dysfunction have been worse than ever. Americans around our country can't extend deadline after deadline after deadline after deadline after deadline in their jobs. We should live up to those same standards.  In my title, the Energy and Water Development bill, we make progress by bringing forward America's backlogged construction projects, which number into the billions of dollars, making many important investments for our Nation's infrastructure, including: a 13 percent increase for the Army Corps of Engineers over 2017, which will allow for more critical waterways projects to drive our economy and job creation; and an 11 percent increase to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to finally move toward complete energy independence for our country, including through the weatherization program, which has increased, as well as an additional 15 percent to invent our energy future through our most advanced energy technology programs, ARPA-E.  Additionally, we removed a harmful rider on the waters of the U.S. rule, which, along with others, would have seriously hindered overall passage.  This deal busts through budget caps set in 2011 by $143 billion, or 13 percent. And although I support investment in our military, the balance between defense and our domestic priorities is skewed in the wrong direction.  In Ohio, we are at the epicenter of the opioid epidemic, with more than 5,000 drug estimated overdose deaths in the last 12 months alone. We rank second in the Nation for deaths per capita.  