Chairman, essentially, the LaMalfa amendment would prohibit funds from being used to enforce the criteria for abandoned prior converted cropland. Currently, if land categorized as prior converted cropland has not been used for agricultural purposes for 5 consecutive years, if the owner of that land wanted to fill or dredge it, they would need to get a section 404 permit from the Corps, and those are generally wetlands.  So this amendment would basically create a ``once exempted from having to get a Section 404 permit, always exempted'' standard, overturning 35 years of Federal policy.  The amendment makes a significant change to the Clean Water Act regulations, one that deserves thoughtful consideration. Under current law and regulation, activities that convert wetlands that occur as a part of existing ongoing farming, ranching, and silviculture activities do not require section 404 wetlands permits.  Let me repeat that for my colleagues. The Clean Water Act explicitly exempts certain activities from regulation, including normal agricultural activities like plowing fields, planting and harvesting crops, and maintaining irrigation and drainage ditches.  The gentleman from California wants to go further than the exemptions already in the law and in the underlying bill. In his view, wetlands should be able to be filled, even when prior converted farmland has had no action or indication of actual agricultural use for 5 consecutive years; that is, there has been no cropping, no management, no maintenance activities related to agricultural production.  I say to my dear colleague from California, it is hard to understand how prior cropland wouldn't be abandoned if none of the activities of farming are performed there for 5 consecutive years.  I would also like to point out that this specific regulation has been on the books for 35 years; yet this amendment would overturn at least 35 years of policy to create a ``once exempted, always exempted'' standard for any land that was ever used as farmland.  Now, let me tell you, additionally, why this concerns me. According to the Ohio--my home State--Environmental Protection Agency, since the late 18th century, 90 percent of Ohio's wetland resources have been destroyed or degraded through draining, filling, or other modification. Because of the valuable functions the remaining wetlands perform, including filtration to adjoining lakes and streams, it is imperative to ensure that all impacts to wetlands are properly mitigated.  Wetlands help filter impurities from water. Sediment settles out the runoff, and contaminants bind to plant surfaces in wetlands, resulting in improved water quality. Wetlands perform other valuable functions, including reducing flood flow and shoreline erosion control.  In Ohio, we also depend upon our wetlands as a haven for rare and endangered plants, and one-third of all the endangered species depend on wetlands for survival; and many wetlands are important fish spawning and nursery areas, as well as nesting, resting, and feeding areas for waterfowl.  So we should make certain that any changes we make to wetlands policy that may result in the destruction of these important ecological areas are evaluated carefully and that we not overturn decades-old policy lightly.  It is for these reasons that I must respectfully oppose the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do so as well.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. LaMALFA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply reiterates that the long-held policy that prior converted--and these are key words, ``prior converted croplands''--all these prior converted croplands were done over 30 years ago before laws were changed to prevent such activity of converting wetlands. Every intent of Congress, and even the Clinton administration, worked to clarify that you cannot use the Clean Water Act.  Indeed, you talk about 40 years' worth of policy. It has only been in recent years that a more aggressive reinterpretation of policy by Army Corps and EPA has started coming after people requiring 404 permits if they choose to do something different with their own private land after 5 years.  This is affecting people in my own district, and they are losing million-dollar lawsuits because of this reinterpretation, not one set up by Congress when the original legislation was passed.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  