Chairman, I thank Congresswoman Lee, my colleague on the Appropriations Committee, for offering this very important amendment, and I rise in support of it.  Please let me remind my colleagues who may not agree with our position that if this particular proposal for developing a low-yield nuclear weapon were so important, why was it not included in the administration's initial budget submission to us?  The process by which this has been handled for a nuclear weapon--if this were a conventional, then maybe there is a little room there for maneuver. But in terms of a nuclear weapon, it has many consequences beyond the weapon itself, including the understanding of our allies and including many of the treaties that are currently in place.  I was actually shocked when the Secretary of Energy and many people from the Department of Energy came before our committee and they could not answer any questions on this. The nuclear security agency, when they came up before our committee, at that point this had not been proposed. It came in late; it was thrown over the transom. And I think the manner in which this has been handled is actually terrible.  We have the most capable and sophisticated nuclear arsenal in the world. It is credible enough to deter and respond to any threat right now. We have what we need.  But if we are to alter the combination of weapons that we have in our arsenal, then, for heaven's sake, why not come up under regular order?  We owe it to the American people and to our allies to have a full discussion and debate and assess how others will react to what we are doing and what we need to respond to. This may not be the most perfect response. And we don't want to wander down a path to a variety of nuclear weapons without the kind of debate on deterrence, on security, on cost, on schedule, and on relation to existing systems that we have in place in our own country or others.  So I really think the manner in which this was handled was absolutely awful. For something that deals with nuclear weapons, this Congress deserves more respect, the American people deserve more respect, and the world community deserves more respect. We are not saying we will never support this, but this is not the time to support this.  I think the Congresswoman has proposed the proper amendment, and that is to strike the low-yield missile at this point.  