President, I rise today in strong support of S. 1233, the fiscal year 2000 agriculture appropriations bill. I commend Senator Cochranand Senator Kohl for bringing forward what I believe is a solid bill to fund our most important programs in agriculture and provide continued benefits to rural America. This has been no easy task. With the tight budget caps that are in place, preparing this bill was a very difficult task, and I applaud the Senator for his hard work in this area.  Let me just say a word about the Senator from Mississippi in this regard. There is a routine procedure in this body and that is to thank the hard-working chairmen of our Senate committees, and, of course, their ranking members, for their hard work in bringing important legislation to the floor. That practice is certainly appropriate in regard to the Senators who have worked to bring this bill to our consideration, including the chairman, as I have indicated, and the distinguished ranking member from Wisconsin, Senator Kohl. But I would like to offer three cheers and a ``well done'' to Senator Cochran.  If there is a Senator who I think everyone would agree is the epitome of a Southern gentleman and a Senator who goes about his work with dignity and decorum and truly still gets things done, that Senator is Senator Cochran. Here we are in the midst of all sorts of problems and challenges in agriculture today, unprecedented situations, really, what with the world depression that is still hindering our markets, unfair trading practices by our competitors, record world production that has caused market declines in virtually every commodity, trade policy that is hampered by all sorts of challenges, the need for sanctions reform, crop insurance reform, and tax policy changes and reform. The list goes on, as has been mentioned by the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, including the need for emergency assistance under the current farm bill. We are going to be debating all this and the answers individual Senators will bring to this debate and to this legislation. But through it all we will have the steady hand of Senator Cochran and his calm and reasoned and experienced leadership. I thank the Senator for the job he has done for our farmers and ranchers, the men and women of rural America who work so hard to feed our Nation and a troubled and hungry world.  Chairman Cochran has presented a bill that really freezes the discretionary spending at the fiscal 1999 level, while still managing to provide increased funding in several areas, including agriculture research, the staffing for the farm service agencies, and the Food Safety Inspection Service. I mention the freeze in particular because what we would like to do, as we consider the 13 major appropriations bills, as we are going through that process, is stick to the budget as best as we possibly can. Obviously, if we do that, interest rates will remain low. Hopefully, we will control inflation, because interest rates are of tremendous importance to the farmer and rancher, and, for that matter, every business person in America.  Investing in agriculture research, as Senator Cochran and Senator Kohl have done, is perhaps one of the most important investments we can make as a nation. Today our farmers and ranchers actually produce more food to feed more people on less land--on less land--than ever before. That is a modern day miracle, and it is a miracle in no short part because of agriculture research.  Ag research has played a major role in increasing the productivity of our Nation's farms in the past century. The projections indicate that as the world's population continues to grow in the next 50 years, the world understandably will have to dramatically increase its agriculture production and its food output. The United States will be the leader in this quest to feed, as I have indicated before, a troubled and hungry world with a growing population, but we are not going to be successful without this continued commitment to agriculture research funding. The Senators have done that in regard to their subcommittee work, and it is now before the Senate for our consideration.  I also thank Senator Cochran for his efforts to increase funding for the Farm Service Agency staff. I know any increased funding for any Government program or Government agency staff is not very popular in Washington. I have often had my own concerns with such increases. I assure my colleagues that this increased funding is desperately needed.  Many county farm service agencies--that is the old ASCS--have been swamped by the number of loan deficiency payment and USDA lending requests they have had to address. As a matter of fact, when we considered the farm bill of 1996, I do not think any of us would have imagined the vulnerability of the Farm Service Agency or the demands on the Farm Service Agency as a result of the LDP payments that came into play. Despite the best efforts of our county offices to serve our producers in a timely and efficient manner, the staffing necessary to accomplish this goal simply has not been up to the level needed to provide the quality of service that our producers expect.  I also thank the chairman and the ranking member for increases in the FSIS budget. That is an acronym which stands for the Food Safety and Inspection Service. A safe food supply is essential, and our consumers demand it. As my colleagues know, my State of Kansas is one of the largest beef producers in the world, with a large number of packing operations as well. With a continued shortage of inspectors in the Topeka district, I am concerned, and I hope and expect the Secretary of Agriculture to address these deficiencies--I know he will--through this increased funding. I also ask him to contact the Congress and inform us of any continued shortfalls that may be occurring.  Before I close, I want to address what I know is also a very critical concern of many of my colleagues, and that is the tough times we are experiencing throughout rural America. Every farm organization, every commodity group, every producer one visits with obviously tells the same story. I thank Senator Cochran for making it very clear we are going to work with the President and we are going to work in a bipartisan fashion--we have already had several meetings since the first of the year--to try to address this.  When the President does inform the Congress, along with the help of Secretary Glickman and others, on what kind of an additional package is necessary and some of the specifics as the crops are harvested, we will be more than willing to take a hard look at this need as harvest season moves along. We did last year. The process, as the Senator has pointed out, was a little backward in regard to how we approached that. Let's do the right thing in regard to the President making his recommendation and working with us and we will work with him.  I agree with Senator Cochran; prior to the President's request, we can do a lot of talking about it, and we have for the last several years, but I believe that would be premature. Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman, my good friend and colleague from Kansas, was quoted in the press last week as saying it would be preferable to go in that direction and it was too early to determine the size of any package that may be needed.  In the meantime, I am committed, as a member of the authorizing committee, the Senate Agriculture Committee, to pursuing the long-term goals needed to ensure the long-term financial viability of our farmers and ranchers. Senator Cochran and others have talked at length in this Chamber about these, about the crucial needs--expanded export markets, sanctions reform, embargo policies, tax reform, regulatory relief, crop insurance reform--all of the things we talked about, by the way, when we were trying to put together the 1996 farm bill.  There was a list. There was a ledger, as a matter of fact. In those days, I had the privilege of being the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee as we put that together. We said: Look, if we go to a more market-oriented farm policy--we all wanted that and we wanted producer flexibility to meet the producer's individual needs, to restore the decisionmaking back to the farm level as opposed to Washington--we can do that but only in a component package of other things we need to do.  Quite frankly, I must tell my colleagues that we, and I am using the editorial we--Democrats, Republicans, the administration, the Senate and the House--we have not done that. We have not gone down that list that I and others put on the ledger. There is no prideof authorship here. We need to do it now. Had we done it then and 2 years ago, I do not think the situation would be nearly as grave throughout our rural areas. Let's get cracking on these challenges, as well as meeting the crucial spending needs or the appropriation needs in regard to U.S. agriculture.  I mentioned expanded export markets, sanctions reform, tax reform, regulatory relief--all of that. We need to pass this legislation and move to a very quick conference with the House. The programs funded in this legislation are too important to be delayed. We need action on them.  I commend, again, Senator Cochran and Senator Kohl for their fine efforts on this legislation under very difficult funding circumstances. I look forward to working with my colleagues to move this legislation to quick passage and then working with my colleagues on the other policy changes I have mentioned, and, yes, I know at the end of harvest, we will work with the President, we will work with everybody on that side of the aisle to put together a reasonable program of relief because we have yet to see the relief in our markets. This has been going on now for 2 years.  Again, I thank Senator Cochran and Senator Kohl for their efforts. I yield the floor.  