President, I rise today, along with my colleague, Mr. Kerrey of Nebraska, to introduce a bill that we call the Crop Insurance for the 21st Century Act. We believe this bill represents an important step in improving the Federal Crop Insurance Program, and in creating greater access to the risk management tools that our farmers and ranchers simply must have.  Senator Kerrey and I, and many others who are privileged to represent the agriculture community, have long discussed the need to address reforms to the Crop Insurance Program. However, the necessary demands from the agriculture community and the Congress to successfully reform this program, in my personal opinion at least, did not reach a crescendo until last fall when we approved something called the omnibus appropriations bill, and that contained approximately $6 billion in disaster assistance for our farmers and ranchers.  I am sure, while Republicans and Democrats and individual agricultural groups were unable to agree on the necessary size and scope of the disaster package, one thing became abundantly clear to all involved--if we had a Crop Insurance Program that worked, without question, the situation would not have been so serious.  This has been a longstanding effort. I can remember well, back in 1978, when I was a staff member in the House of Representatives to my predecessor, that was when the Crop Insurance Program was first established. It has been 20 years, and we still have an obligation to reform the program and make sure that it works for all regions, all farmers, all commodities.  In response to the demands for the improved risk management tools, Senator Kerrey and I committed to pursuing major crop insurance reforms in this Congress. To aid us in this task, last November we contacted all of the major farm organizations and all of the commodity groups, all of the crop insurance companies, all of the agricultural lending groups, and requested their guidance on these issues. We were listening. We wanted to find out their advice in regard to what do we need to pay attention to, what is the most serious issue that we need to address in the Crop Insurance Program. We received feedback from over 20 of these major organizations.  These comments we received served as a guidepost in developing this legislation. And, while the comments received were wide ranging, there was near consensus in several areas.  These included as follows: First, the need for increased levels of coverage at affordable prices to all producers. Second, we need expanded availability of revenue-based insurance products. Third, program changes to address the needs of producers suffering multiple crop failures. Fourth, structural changes to the Risk Management Agency--the acronym for that is RMA, and that is what I will call it from now on, but it is the Risk Management Agency--that will allow for increased access to new and improved crop insurance policies.  Senator Kerry and I took these comments to heart, and the legislation we are introducing today has been developed in large part by really trying to work to incorporate these comments into legislative language.  Our bill inverts this existing subsidy structure. Currently, many producers do not purchase the highest levels of coverage because the greatest level of Government assistance simply occurs at the lowest levels of coverage. This often makes the higher levels of coverage simply unaffordable. It causes many producers to have insufficient coverage, which eventually leads to calls for the ad hoc disaster bills that are so expensive. We cannot continue to pass a disaster package every year.  I tell the Presiding Officer, we were just discussing this in a previous meeting, it costs the Federal Government about $1.5 billion on average in regard to the disaster bills. They seem to occur on even numbered years. I think the Presiding Officer knows what I am talking about. We cannot afford that.  Therefore, under our legislation, the highest level of subsidy will occur at the 75/100 coverage levels. While the inversion of subsidies will be the most important change for many producers, we have included several changes that we believe will benefit America's farmers and ranchers. These include, first, the average production history--that is called APH in the crop insurance acronym world--APH adjustments for producers that have no production history because they are beginning farmers or they are farming new land or they are rotating crops.  Let me add, at this juncture, that is exceedingly important, because under the farm bill that how exists, farmers have a lot more flexibility, and when they move to a new crop, obviously, they ought to be able to simply insure that crop.  Second, mandating APH adjustments for producers suffering from crop losses in multiple years. Third, requiring the RMA to work to undertake a pilot project to develop new rating structures for undeserved areas of the country, and particularly the southern part of the United States, with the intention it will eventually become a permanent change in the program.  Here is a suggestion or a part of the bill that will be of interest to Senator Thomas--removing the prohibition on coverages for livestock. I just indicated that we had a good visit this morning about this very subject. The livestock sector is going through a very difficult time in our country today. We need to address this problem with regard to insurance and how it would dovetail into the livestock industry and give our stockmen and our ranchers some protection.  In addition, the legislation provides for major changes in the structure of the RMA, the FCIC, that will allow for accelerated product approval and the development of improved crop insurance policies. Many people understand the Risk Management Agency serves as a regulator over the crop insurance industry. What many do not know is that this same outfit, the RMA, also serves as a developer for products that are then sold in direct competition with privately developed products. Thus, the RMA serves as a competitor with the industry it is supposed to regulate.  I am aware of no other private industry that faces these same hurdles. Senator Kerrey and I believe it is time to change this culture that has often served as a roadblock to producer access to new and improved products. Our legislation will, first, change the structure of the FCIC board of directors to bring reinsurance and expertise in the agriculture economy to the board. Second, make the FCIC the overseer of the RMA. Third, allow the RMA to continue to develop policies for specialty crops and underserved areas.  Fourth, to create an Office of Private Sector Partnership to serve as a liaison between private sector companies and the FCIC board of directors. Fifth, to leave the final approval or disapproval of all policies in the hands of the board. And, finally, allow companies to charge a minimal fee on each policy when one company decides to sell another company's product. Hopefully, Mr. President, this will allow the companies to recover the research and development costs and will encourage the creation of new policies.  While these steps will not be the answer to solving all of the problems in the Crop Insurance Program, we believe they will be an important step. Each year our producers put the seed in the ground with great faith and optimism and believe that, with a little faith and a little luck and the good Lord willing and the creeks not rising, they will produce a crop. But the task is not easy. Between the multiple risks of drought and flood and fire and hail and blizzard and disease and insects and also a little market interference in regard to the Federal Government, it often seems the deck is stacked against them. If producers do survive these risks, they are often still at the mercy of weakened exports, and Asian flu or the global contagion, as we call it, caused by a global financial crisis and inadequate access to foreign markets.  I will be the first to admit that reforming this program cannot come without budgetary costs. At the same time, I can think of no other industry that faces the number of multiple risks that must be addressed on an annual basis by those in production agriculture.  Congress must not and cannot be forced to pass these ad hoc disaster bills every year. We must give our producers the risk management tools that they need. I believe this legislation is an important first step, and I ask our colleagues to join Senator Kerrey and myself in this difficult but absolutely vital task.  I yield the remainder of my time to my good friend and colleague, the Senator from Nebraska.  