President, I am pleased to join with my colleagues to reintroduce legislation to help meet the child care challenges facing families in Kansas and around the nation.  Child care, in the home when possible and outside the home when parents work, goes right to the heart of keeping families strong.  Unfortunately, just being able to afford child care is a major issue for most families. Some child care can cost as much as college tuition and consume up to 40 percent of a family's income. Finding quality care is another challenge.  Welfare reforms have cut Kansas welfare rolls in half since 1996. As more and more of these families come off the rolls, child care needs grow. About half of the 11,000 families that have left welfare rolls in Kansas have young children. In order to continue the successful transition from welfare to work, parents, especially single parents, must have access to affordable, quality child care.  Only parents can and should decide what child care arrangements work best for their children. This includes the decision to stay at home.  The Caring for Children Act includes provisions to allow a parent who is able to stay at home and care for a child to receive a tax credit to help cover expenses. This credit applies during the first three years of a child's life and amounts to about $900 per year.  The Caring for Children Act takes steps to assist small businesses that want to provide child care. I am pleased that this bill includes a short-term flexible grant program to encourage these businesses to work together to provide child care services. This program, which provides $60 million to the states, allows those closer to home to make decisions necessary to improve child care in communities. This funding provides the start-up assistance necessary to create self-sustaining child care programs.  I have pledged to work to improve child care. I will continue this effort. I look forward to working with my colleagues to expand child care options and protect our nation's most valuable resource, our children.  