One I think would simply say that the Congress would have to vote before any deployment of any American pilot in any kind of a military mission and/or ground troops would set foot on Kosovo. That is the extra step, if you will, to certainly include the Congress in any decisionmaking. But I would point out to my colleagues, and I made mention of this when I spoke on behalf of this bill, i.e., the bill in regard to retirement reform and pay reform, and I pointed out that we have in the law--and let me just point out it is Public Law 105-262, October 17, 1998. It is a public law, and the President signed it. And there is section 8115(a), and we say:       None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available      under this Act may be obligated or expended for any      additional deployment of forces of the Armed Forces of the      United States to Yugoslavia, Albania, or Macedonia unless and      until the President, after consultation with the Speaker of      the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the      Senate, the minority leader of the House of Representatives,      and the minority of the Senate, transmits to Congress a      report on the deployment that includes the following:  And I want my colleagues to understand this. This is the law of the land. And the National Security Council is aware of this. As a matter of fact, my staff just an hour ago contacted the staff at the National Security Council, and we said, ``Where is the report?'' We keep hearing about progress and incremental steps or lack of progress with the peace talks and yet we have 4,000, 5,000, maybe 7,000 American troops ready to deploy in regard to Kosovo. This requires the administration to come to the Congress and report on the following things:       The President's certification that the presence of those      forces in each country to which the forces are to be deployed      is necessary in the national security interests of the United      States.  That is pretty basic. Does our involvement really involve our vital national security interests? Can a case be made?  Now, the President spoke to it in terms of his radio address. I think that is good. That is the first time he has spoken to it on national radio. But we really need to know why is our intervention in Kosovo in our vital national security interests? Is it the future of NATO? I think so to some degree. Are we talking about we don't want another Palestine in the middle of Central Europe? I know that. But vital national security interests? I don't know.       (2) The reasons why the deployment is in the national      security interests. . . .       (3) The number of United States military personnel to be      deployed. . . .       (4) The mission and objectives of forces to be deployed.       (5) The expected schedule for accomplishing the objectives      of the deployment.       (6) The exit strategy--  Mr. President, the exit strategy--     for United States forces engaged in the deployment.  We are talking about a 3-year engagement here. This is 4 years in regard to Bosnia.       The costs associated with the deployment and the funding      sources for paying those costs.  Now, I have quite a bit of blood pressure in this regard since we have spent literally billions of dollars in Bosnia but we didn't pay for it up front. We didn't pay for it with a supplemental. We do pay for it when the pressure comes on the appropriators to come up with an emergency funding request. So we need to find out what the costs would be in regard to this deployment.  And finally:       The anticipated effects of the deployment on the morale,      retention and effectiveness of United States forces.  I made mention that one of the considerations why the people are leaving the service today is the quality of mission, and we have the situation where 60 percent of our service people today are married, obviously part of families, and they go to Bosnia, and perhaps Kosovo, and the Mideast and Korea, and we do not have enough people to really fill those billets now so they are deployed for 6 months, 9 months, come back for a month, bang, they are right over there again, plus the Reserve and the Guard. That is one of the considerations in regard to operation tempo, personnel tempo, as to why people are leaving the service, but mission quality is also a good reason. That is No. 8 in regard to the anticipated effects of the deployment on the morale, the retention and effectiveness of U.S. forces.  Now, we say if there is an emergency here in terms of our national security, obviously the President can intercede.  Now, I want to see this report. We met with Secretary Albright, Secretary Cohen, and our national security director, Sandy Berger, about 2 weeks ago during the impeachment trial. It was early in the morning. We made them aware of this particular provision in this report. Now, I understand from staff of the NSC that a report will be coming, because in the words of the staff member, ``There is a lull over in Kosovo.'' We have a 3 week time period to try to work something else out in regard to the peace agreement.  Let me just point out something, Mr. President. The Secretary of State said that we would not commit American men and women to a peacekeeping role in Kosovo unless there were benchmarks for peace. I would only remind this administration and my colleagues, on behalf of all those in the military, that if you are a peacekeeper, there better be a peace to keep because when there is not a peace to keep, you become a target. That is a whole different situation.  So, consequently, I am very hopeful that the National Security Council will be coming forth with this report and giving the report to our leadership and the appropriate committee chairs. Since this is the law, perhaps we can think about delaying any other amendments to this bill in regard to the Kosovo situation.  I yield the floor.  