President, there are few responsibilities of the Senate more important than the constitutional duty to offer our advise and consent on treaties.  After long deliberation and after a series of classified and unclassified hearings, I have determined that I cannot support ratification of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. There are serious flaws in this document that could endanger our national security in the future.  Make no mistake, the world is a dangerous place. We must deal with the world as it is, not as we wish it were. And we must approach ratification of this treaty with only one view; does it advance the cause of world peace without jeopardizing our own security.  The treaty fails on both counts.  First, this treaty is not verifiable. I cannot vote for a treaty that will bind the United States, but which will be ignored by other nuclear nations.  There are differing opinions concerning the ability to detect nuclear testing. But the issue is more complex than just detecting a detonation of a nuclear device with a yield greater than allowed by the treaty. If, for example, if a detonation occurred and we decided that we should inspect the site, how would we do the inspection?  First, 31 nations have to agree that a violation has occurred before site inspections would be authorized. The chances of 31 nations agreeing a violation has occurred are remote. But why do proponents of the treaty think a nation that has just violated the treaty will allow an inspection? You need to look no further than Iraq to appreciate the difficulty in inspecting a nation that wants to obfuscate such testing.  Just a quick review of the significant events that escaped our intelligence community in the recent past do not give confidence that they will uncover violations of this treaty. Our intelligence officers missed the development of the advanced missile development by North Korea, they failed to recognize the signs that both India and Pakistan were going to test nuclear weapons, they provided incorrect information resulting in our bombing the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade, and they failed to provide sufficient information to prevent us from conducting a missile attack on a pharmaceutical plant in Khartoum.  Additionally, there was confusion over the exact number of nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan.  Secondly, ratification of this treaty will not reduce development or proliferation of nuclear weapons. A basic truth for any nation is that it will act in a manner that best suits its national interests. The downside of our military dominance compared to the rest of the world is that it forces weaker nations to rely on weapons of mass destructions as a counter to our conventional strength. Russia and China have both publicly stated that a new reliance on nuclear weapons is necessary to ``balance'' our dominance. Rogue nations cannot possibly challenge us with conventional weapons and therefore feel compelled to acquire or develop non-conventional weapons.  This treaty will not stop or slow down the development of nuclear weapons if a nation deems these weapons as vital to their national interests. Russia and China will not be deterred from enhancing their nuclear weapon performance simply because they have signed this treaty.  Yet, our own nuclear defense program would be limited under the treaty.  Third, the Stock Pile Stewardship program as outlined will not guarantee safe and reliable nuclear weapons. This is a technical area. But there is considerable differences of opinion between impressive scientists about whether we can maintain our stock pile as safe and reliable without nuclear testing. Without such assurance of safety and reliability and with the knowledge that the United States will maintain a nuclear deterrent for the foreseeable future, I cannot support such a treaty that would potentially put our stockpile at risk.  Treaty proponents will argue that any time the appropriate leaders of defense, energy and the scientific community say we must test to insure reliability and safety, we can withdraw from the treaty. I have little confidence that once this treaty is approved, ``pulling the sword Excaliber from the stone'' would seem a trivial task compared to withdrawal from a nuclear test ban treaty.  The point is that once the treaty is signed, we need to be confident that we can maintain a safe, reliable nuclear stockpile. We have no such confidence today--perhaps the technology will be in place in 5-15 years--and therefore we should not jeopardize our nuclear deterrent by agreeing to this treaty.  Because we cannot verify whether other nations are following the treaty, because the treaty does not halt or prevent proliferation of nuclear weapons and because the treaty could lead to reduced reliability and safety of our nuclear stockpile, I cannot support its ratification.  