President, I rise today to read a statement I am sending to Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman regarding USDA's approach to emergency farm legislation. The letter goes like this:  ``Dear Mr. Secretary''--Dear Dan, we are personal friends--     We all agree that we need to get the emergency agriculture      bill out of conference, passed and get the assistance to our      farmers as fast as possible. In this regard, I am concerned      with recent comments you have made regarding how these      payments should be funded and made available to farmers.      Instead of using the current Agriculture Marketing Transition      Act--[and the acronym for that is AMTA--instead of using      that] payment system that farmers and their lenders were      promised and banked on several months ago, you and others      within the Administration have recommended alternative      payment plans.       In your September 15 testimony before the House Agriculture      Committee, you said:       ``There is an immediate need to provide cash assistance to      mitigate low prices, falling incomes, and in some areas,      falling land values.''       But then you said:       ``Congress should enact a new program to target assistance      to farmers of 1999 crops suffering from low prices. The      Administration believes the income assistance must address      the shortcomings of the farm bill by providing counter-     cyclical assistance. The income assistance should compensate      for today's low prices and therefore they should be paid      according to this year's actual production of the major field      crops, including oilseeds.''       [Mr. Secretary--] Dan, I know the Administration, the      Farmer's Union and some Democrats in the Congress want to      change the farm bill in the emergency legislation. And I know      some of the budget [folks, I call them] ``wonks'' in the      Office of Management and Budget--[I do not mean to perjure      their intent, what they do, but they are] sending mixed      signals and I know the politics of the issue. [There has been      a lot of that.] Nevertheless, I urge you to reconsider for      the following reasons:       First: The very farmers who need the assistance [and who      would receive the assistance] oppose this plan.       The commodity organizations representing producers of      soybeans, wheat, corn, cotton, grain sorghum, sunflowers,      canola and rice and the American Farm Bureau--the very      farmers you stressed in your statement--strongly disagree      with your philosophy and proposal. In a letter to the      chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Ted      Stevens, they said and I quote:       ``We strongly disagree with that [and I am saying] (your)      philosophy. The current economic distress is party a result      of the unfulfilled promises of expanded export markets,      reduced regulations and tax reform that were part of the      promises made during deliberation of the 1996 farm bill. The      costs of these unfulfilled promises fall upon those people      who were participating in farm programs at that time.       [They go on to say, and I am quoting:       ``The current AMTA payment process is in place and can      deliver payments quickly. The administration costs of      developing an alternative method of payments would be very      high and eat into funds that should go to farmers. Given the      7\1/2\ months it took the Department to issue weather      disaster aid last year, we are unwilling to risk that      producers might have to wait that long for development and      implementation of a new farm program and disaster aid      formula. Time is also critical for suppliers of goods and      services to producers. They need payments for supplies now to      stay in business, not just promises that something will      happen in the future.       ``Supplemental AMTA payments provide income to producers of      corn, wheat, cotton, rice, barley and grain sorghum.''  Again, these are the very organizations, the commodity groups that represent the producers, that would receive the assistance. They go on to say:       ``Soybean producers will receive separate payments under      the Senate language. Crop cash receipts for these producers      in 1999 will be down over 20 percent from the 1995-97 yearly      average. Producers who have smaller than normal crops due to      weather problems will receive normal payment levels. This is      better than using the loan deficiency payment program which      are directly tied to this year's production.''  Finally they say:       ``We urge you to retain the $5.5 billion in supplemental      AMTA payments as the method of distribution for farm economy      aid in the agriculture appropriations conference agreement.      Any alternative would certainly take additional time to      provide assistance to producers--time which we cannot      afford.''  My second reason for opposing these alternative plans:       Changing the payment plan will mean farmers will not      receive their payments until next year.       The term you used, Mr. Secretary, in your statement      regarding the emergency payments was ``immediate.'' The      difference between using the AMTA payment system--  That is the current one--       and the several alternative methods you have suggested is:      Three weeks or 3 months. Or this year or next.       Last week, Farm Service Agency official Parks Shackelford      said: ``All the king's horses and all the king's men could      not get the payments made as quickly as Congress desires.''       Well, Dan, last year the USDA was able to distribute      payments through the AMTA system in less than 3 weeks after      passage of the legislation by Congress. They began on      November 3, the date of the election, by the way, and farmers      received their payments before Thanksgiving.       Last year, in delivering disaster assistance, through a      formula developed by the Department, it took 7\1/2\ months to      receive these payments.  I say to the Secretary with no disrespect:       Dan, you are the ``king'' and you have the horses, just do      it.       Third: No specific or formal plan has been presented and in      terms of the actual farming practices, the criticism, in my      view, just doesn't add up.       Staff on both the authorizing and the appropriations      committees tell me no formal plan for an alternative      distribution plan has been developed or submitted. What has      been developed and submitted, however, is repeated criticism      of current policy.  That has been ongoing for sometime, not only at the Department, not only by one major farm organization, but certainly on the floor of the Senate and the House, for that matter.       However, these comments show either naivete from people who      do not understand the current legislation or worse, that the      Department is breaking the law.       In recent weeks, the USDA and Office of Management and      Budget officials have criticized plans to distribute      income assistance through the AMTA system.       Their first complaint was, ``Payments actually go to people      who planted no crops.''       I respectfully ask are producers who lost their crops due      to hail, disease, drought, or flooding in better financial      condition than     those producers who had crops to harvest in 1999? Yes, our      farmers can receive AMTA payments without planting a crop.      That is part of the flexibility of the farm bill. But you and      I know, Mr. Secretary, they must plant a cover crop for      conservation requirements, and you and I also know that      farmers have shifted the crops they plant and the current      price crisis affects all crops. I know of no farmers who have      quit planting altogether.  Farmers don't do that.       Last Friday, you said these payments are being made on many      acres that are no longer planted to crops but rather have      been switched over to pasture and to grassland. If that is      the case, certainly hard hit livestock producers will also      benefit from the AMTA payments. But more to the point, you,      some in the Department and many of our friends across the      aisle have urged production and/or acreage controls because      farmers have allegedly planted ``fence row to fence row''      under the 1996 farm bill. The dramatic changes in production      figures on major crops you cited arguing the administration's      new payment distribution proposal clearly shows the large      grain surpluses did not come from U.S. farmers. However, the      current AMTA payment plan is, in fact, a paid diversion if      the farmer wishes to make that decision.       Those who propose acreage or production controls should      embrace AMTA payments in that it affords farmers the      opportunity to be paid for shifting to other crops or putting      the ground into good conservation practices. They won't, of      course, because the controls are not mandatory and did not      simply come out of Washington.       The second complaint we have heard is, ``Payments are being      made to those who share no risk in farm production,'' or the      landlords.       Dan, if they are, both the USDA and the recipient are      simply breaking the law. The 1996 farm bill clearly states      that payments can be made only to those who ``assume part or      all of the risk of producing a crop.'' If payments are indeed      being made to those who share no risk in production, it is a      clear violation of the law and disciplinary action should be      taken for any official approving payments in an illegal      manner.       The third complaint was, ``The income assistance component      must address the shortcomings of the farm bill by providing      countercyclical assistance.''       I am not going to go into a detailed description of a      portion of the farm bill that we call the Loan Deficiency      Payment Program--  And the acronym for that is LDPs--       but what on Earth is the loan deficiency payment if it is      not countercyclical? As a matter of fact, your own Department      estimated last week that at least $5.6 billion in loan      deficiency payments will be going out to farmers this year      because prices are low and the lower prices are, the higher      the LDP payments--  i.e., they are countercyclical--       even to the point of exempting them from payment      limitations.  That is how much money is going out under the LDP Program.       How can you get more safety net countercyclical than that?       Fourth: The alternative plans that you have proposed--  And there have been several of them--     have problems in regard to how they would work.       While no formal alternative plan has been submitted--  And I emphasize the word ``formal'' and specific--     you have indicated such a plan would base payments off of a      State average yield or off of a 5-year production average      that farmers would have to prove.       On one hand, you are telling farmers their payment will be      based on ``actual production yields'' while on the other you      state you intend to use the 1999 State averages or 5-year      average yields. We both know that widespread discrepancies      can occur in yields from one region of a State to another. We      do not need western Kansas versus eastern Kansas arguments in      regard to equity or similar arguments with any State or      region throughout the country.       Fifth: Our farmers, and their lenders, will not know the      amount of payment not to mention when they will receive it.       Any change in the AMTA distribution payments also changes      what farmers and their lenders are promised and they banked      on several months ago when we passed the bill in the Senate.      We should use the current AMTA system where the producers and      the lenders know exactly what their payments will be.       Finally, Dan, as we have discussed, no farm bill is set in      stone and none is perfect by any means.  Certainly the current bill fits that description.       That debate is and should be taking place but not on an      emergency bill. It has been 6 months now since you requested      an emergency bill. To date, I still don't know the      administration's budget position, and I have not seen a      specific plan. Some within OMB tell the appropriators they      want less lost income payments and more disaster and others      just the opposite.       Summing up, with all due respect, Mr. Secretary, your      proposal:       1. Is opposed by the very farmers who will receive      emergency assistance.       2. Will delay the payments until next year.       3. Is based upon comments from those who apparently do not      understand the legislation (and, I might add, not to mention      farming) or if their comments are true, mean the USDA is      breaking the law.       4. Has yet to be formally presented to staff and involves      serious distribution and equity problems.       5. Breaks the commitment made to farmers and lenders when      the Senate passed the emergency bill months ago.       With all due respect, Mr. Secretary, I don't think we      should be in the business of changing horses after the stage      left.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  