Diminished credibility means, in the      long run, a greater likelihood that force will have to be      used.       Now all these chickens--the diminished credibility abroad,      the skepticism at home, above all the unwillingness to      fashion a strategy--are coming [home] to roost in Kosovo.      Clinton has threatened to bomb Milosevic yet again. Maybe      this time he     means it. [I think he does.] But then what? Clinton also has      promised that U.S. troops will not be sent into a ``non-     permissive'' environment. They will enter Kosovo, in other      words, only when Milosevic welcomes them in.       ``These are incompatible objectives.'' [He is quoting my      colleague and my friend from Oregon, Senator Gordon Smith,      who said in an interview--and, by the way, Senator Smith is      the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on      Europe] [he] is no isolationists; he has said he would      support a dispatch of U.S. troops to Kosovo under the right      circumstances. But he worries that [there is] no credible      plan.       Perhaps a round of U.S. bombing will compel Milosevic to      call off his war against Kosovo civilians, sign a peace      treaty and admit NATO troops. But what if it doesn't? What if      Milosevic responds, instead, with a bloody crackdown in      Pristina and villages throughout the province?  That is happening as I speak.       Clinton, to assuage his fretful military commanders--who      have good reason to fret--has already promised not to follow      air power with troops. But air power can't solve every      problem.       If NATO bombs, [Senator] Smith said, it should no longer      pretend to be neutral. ``The problem is Milosevic,'' he said.      ``If you go along that path, go to win.''  I certainly associate myself with the comments of Senator Smith.       Is Clinton [is this Congress and are the American public]      prepared to see it through? On Friday, he made a case for      bombing [and the intervention] but did not explain what might      come next, nor why those next steps would be worth the risk      to U.S. life and treasure. Time enough tomorrow, or maybe the      day after.  That was the conclusion of the editorial.  I have questions, but I am not going to take too much time to go over all the questions I have as a result of the statements that have been made. But in regard to Kosovo, what is the end state? What do we want to see in Kosovo once we are done doing whatever it is we plan to do?  If we don't want to support the independence and secession of the Kosovars, why are we serving as their air force?  How do we know we have ever attained our aims?  What are the measures of merit?  How long might it take?  We have talked about an exit strategy. I think we should focus on strategy; that is, on what we are trying to achieve, through what means, and how do we know we are done?  I don't accept the argument in regard to NATO credibility, or that NATO credibility is on the line, as an answer to why we should go there. NATO's credibility is sky high. Just ask all the nations who want to get in.  How is bombing conducive to peaceful conflict resolution? Have we ever been able to bomb a country into submission so that they would agree with our point of view? What if initial strikes don't attain the desired effect? How far are we willing to go to compel the Serbs to bend to our will? What are the risks? Why send peacekeepers when there is no peace to be kept and neither side wants to compromise? It seems that is the case.  Why are we seeking to compel a sovereign nation--by the way, Yugoslavia was a founding member of the U.N.--to cede its territorial sovereignty to a guerrilla movement? What message does this send to other secessionists worldwide?  How do you explain supporting Yeltsin in fighting to keep Chechnya within the Russian Federation, at a cost of about 50,000 casualties--indeed, comparing the Russian action to the American Civil War and, by implication, Yeltsin to Lincoln--and bombing the Serbs for trying to keep their country together? That is a point of view.  Which of the many Kosovar factions are we supporting? How much top-down control and professional discipline do we expect from all sides involved?  The mission order for Bosnia, which has been referred to as a good case study for Kosovo, was, ``Attack across the Sava River,'' and we went in with overwhelming force, which we then scaled down as the threat receded. We are doing it the other way regarding Kosovo. Why aren't we following that model? Remember the strategic insight of an 18-year-old Marine in Beirut: ``If we are here to fight, we are too few; if we are here to die, we are too many.''  All of these questions I have mentioned--some of which I share with a great deal of support from others--I think certainly should be debated, should certainly come to the floor. That has not been the case. I do hope the administration will submit their report soon. I hope they don't submit the report after the President has given the order and the troops are there, for at that time every Member of the Senate and House will certainly want to support our troops.  I worry about this, Mr. President. We are going to war. The President has spoken to the issue, other Cabinet officials have spoken to the issue, but many questions remain.  I yield the floor.  