 Mr. President, the most important thing is to get this emergency assistance out to farmers as fast as we can and keep it within a realm that is at least reasonable in regard to the budget and in a way the farmer can get theassistance. We can do that in 10 days by the system that is proposed by the Senator from Mississippi.  I have already mentioned the payment limitation concern. I must say, if you look at the Harkin amendment, it not only deals with emergency assistance--and Senator Harkin truly believes we ought to rewrite the farm bill, and he is doing that in regard to his amendment.  We have peanuts, dairy payments, and livestock payments; and I am assuming most of it would go to the hog producers, but we means test that again. We have set-aside authority and we have disaster funding, where we set aside another $600 million. We backfill the 1998 disaster assistance. Then we have money to establish a permanent program for land that has been flooded for continuous years. With all due respect to my colleagues from the Northern Plains, we have a name for a land in Kansas that has been covered with water for 3 years; it is called a lake.  We have millions for tobacco producers. My golly, are we going back to 1982 when we all decided in the House of Representatives--and we were all there at that time--we were going to get the Government out of subsidizing tobacco farmers? Are we back to that? Be careful what you ask for. So we have included tobacco in this bill. I am not making any aspersions on the hard-hit tobacco producers, but, folks, that is not PC. I am not sure about that one. And then we have mandatory price reporting, something I have supported in the Agriculture Committee, with some changes made by Senator Kerrey. But we are approving funding for legislation and we haven't even marked it up yet.  Then we have mandatory country-of-origin labeling for meat and vegetables. Right now, we have a tremendous problem with the European Union and all countries in Europe on GMOs, genetically modified organisms. People in white coats are descending upon the fields over in Great Britain, ripping up the GMO crops. The problem is, they made a mistake and ripped up the wrong crop. We ought to go to sound science and work out these problems, and we are trying to do that.  In regard to the trade problems we have--which Secretary Glickman talks about and most aggies are worried about--we are going to put this in country-of-origin labeling on top of that issue. I don't think it has really been proven that our producers will increase prices and that it will result in trade retaliations.  We have $200 million for a short-term set-aside. I don't want to go back to set-asides; I think that would be counterproductive. Some of these provisions I have mentioned are also in the provision introduced by my dear friend and colleague, the Senator from Mississippi.  I think, again, we ought to be providing emergency assistance to farmers and not be writing the farm bill but proceeding to work together in a bipartisan way, if we possibly can, to address the real reasons as to why we have these low commodity prices.  When this comes up this afternoon, I urge Members to pay attention. A lot of this gets very convoluted and very technical, I know, in regard to farm program policy. But it would be my desire that Members look very closely at this in regard to the budget implications and things that can go bump in the night--the law of unattended effects--down the road that I don't think we want to experience in farm country.  I yield the floor.  