The debate is centered around whether or not the new Strategic Concept adopted at the 50th anniversary of NATO is legally binding, a treaty, or different from the 1991 Concept, let alone the 1949 Concept.  Let me just say that the 1991 document really stressed that--as a matter of fact, it assured--no NATO weaponry will ever be used offensively. We are sure doing that now in regard to Kosovo. In addition, in terms of the 19 parties who met in Washington, I am sure that each one of them certainly thought it was binding. And if the men and women in the uniform of all our allies do not think it is binding, I think they had better look for a new definition.  I believe any document that contains even tacit commitment by the United States and other nations to engage in new types of NATO missions--and let me simply say that these missions are now described as problems with drugs, problems with social progress, with reform, with ethnic strife; about the only thing that is not in there is don't put gum in the water fountain--outside the domain of the original treaty, as well as a commitment to structure military forces accordingly, can be considered an international agreement.  I refer again to the U.S. Department of State Circular 175, the Procedure on Treaties, that sets forth eight considerations available for determining whether or not an agreement or an accord should be submitted to the Senate for ratification. Four of them I will repeat again: The extent to which the agreement involves commitments or risks affecting the Nation as a whole--if Kosovo is not a risk, I do not know what is--whether the agreement can be given effect without the enactment of subsequent legislation by the Congress; past U.S. practices as to similar agreements; the preference of Congress as to a particular type of agreement.  It seems to me, if I recall the debate and the two copies of the original 1949 document, and then the Strategic Concept document, No. 1, they said no offensive weapons. No. 2, they said we are going to stay within our borders and we will meet with you before we go outside the borders and go wandering in the territory of a sovereign nation. Then lastly, we are going to consult with the U.N. It is going to be in cooperation with the U.N. All that is different.  I think to say that it is not different in regard to 1991 is simply not accurate.  I don't know. I suppose per se, legally--I am not a lawyer--that this Strategic Concept is not a treaty. But it sure walks like a treaty duck and it quacks like a treaty duck and it is wandering into different areas like a treaty duck. In the quacking and the walking, it is causing a lot of problems.  I simply say, in closing, I do respect the Senator from Michigan and his support and the Senator from Delaware for his accommodating my amendment. It is true that the Senator from Delaware said that I was in the House of Representatives, the other body, what Senator Byrd refers to as the lower body. In 1990 we were not asleep. We were not asleep at all. We admired the Senator from Delaware from afar. We were spellbound, as a matter of fact, by his oratorical skills, his sartorial splendor, and his ability to be heard above all in the Senate, regardless of whether the acoustical system was working or not. So I thank the Senator from Delaware for his comments.  I urge Senators to support this amendment and send a strong message that we are adhering to our constitutional right when we change an agreement that in effect directly affects the lives of our American men and women and our national security, that the Senate stepped up to the plate.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  