If in fact our involvement in Kosovo was at one time not in our vital national interest, there is, I think, a good argument that can be made--has been made by the national security team and the President--that since NATO's credibility or the future of NATO is now on the line, it is in our vital national security interest.  Having said that, and having looked at the war in Kosovo and the tactics used, and the result, and all six of the goals, as outlined by the distinguished Secretary of State in our briefings, being turned on their head as a result of the tactics that have been used in the military strategy, and the law of unintended effects, can you imagine a situation under this Strategic Concept that all 19 nations will ever agree to ever bomb anybody again? On a proactive basis? Where we are going outside of the NATO territory, ignoring the U.N.? I doubt it.  Eight nations, right now as I speak, more especially three, want the bombing ended. Many others in this Chamber--not this Senator, for reasons that I could go into, but I will not--did not want to start the bombing campaign. Others wanted to start it. Others wanted to use the ground forces. That debate is going on right now.  We are negotiating within the NATO--within the NATO--alliance as opposed to trying to negotiate, as we are trying to do, with Mr. Milosevic, who, by the way, is a thug and an international terrorist and all the things people say about him. That does not enter into this. But can you imagine, Mr. Chairman, under what circumstance, after Kosovo, that NATO would bomb again, or for that matter ever use ground troops?  What kind of message does that send to the bad guys and the hard targets and the real people that we should be worrying about all around the world? I think we have decimated--well, there is a stronger word for it, but I will not use it--in regards to NATO. I think under this Strategic Concept we have wandered so far afield and into a dangerous pasture that we are endangering the true mission of NATO, which is collective security, not to mention all the rest of these things that are in this concept.  That is what worries me.  