President I rise today to voice my strong support for this legislation that is designed to provide fair compensation, improved educational opportunities, enhanced financial saving program, and a fair retirement system for the men, women and families of the Armed Forces of the United States.  America is facing a serious crisis in the recruitment and retention of key members of the military. This crisis is a very complicated issue and one that has a complex answer. I am confident that the elements of this bill, S. 4, are an integral part of the solution to these problems. But I am also confident that passage alone will not correct all of the problems we face.  Near the end of the last Congress and after talking to soldiers in the field, senior enlisted and officer leadership of the US military, I was struck with the myriad of problems facing our service members. These problems are contributing to the rapid decline in mid graderetention and the growing inability to recruit new members of our military.  I might add that I was just out to Fort Leavenworth, KS, and the Army is 40 percent short in regard to the recruiting targets they have to have to simply accomplish their mission. That is as of last week. I came to the floor and laid out what I saw as the key components of their discontent. Rather than restate my comments of last fall, let me just highlight my key points:  1. We have significantly increased the work load on a substantially smaller military.  Since the percentage of service members that are married has grown, this increased work load has amplified the negative effect of deployments on the morale of our troops and their families. The reluctance of families to continue to tolerate these separations contributes to the loss of mid-career personnel.  2. With a significantly increased deployment schedule on a substantially smaller force, the value and importance of today's missions impacts on the willingness of the men and women to join or commit to the military as a career.  Without clearly articulated mission goals and objectives founded in the fundamental of the U.S. vital national interest, the ability to recruit and retain motivated men and women for our military will remain difficult.  3. Although the skill level required of the men and women of our military continues to grow, the pay differential between the same skilled civilian and the military continues to widen.  The current pay of many of our young military families is so low that it is not adequate to keep them off of welfare programs. The prospect of continued and frequent, long deployments coupled with the opportunity to get better pay on the ``outside'' for the same work contributes to the inability to attract and retain the skills needed for today's military.  4. We ask our military to deploy at a much higher pace than ever before, we assign missions that do not meet the ``national interest'' threshold, we pay them less than they could get for the same or similar skills as a civilian, and in many cases we ask them to live in substandard housing.  It goes without saying that the culmination of these problems contribute to the dissatisfaction with the military as a career and its attractiveness to potential recruits.  5. The members of our military are working harder, deploying more, receiving less pay than civilians are for the same job, living in inadequate housing, and now are seeing a reduction in their retirement benefits.  It is not difficult to understand that with this collection of negatives, the military is experiencing problems in retention and recruiting.  As I have stated before, S. 4 does not solve all of the problems contributing to the crisis in retention and recruiting but it does strike at the heart of many of the problems facing our military. Specifically:  It works to close the gap between civilian and military pay for similar skills. Just as importantly, it reforms the military pay tables to better reward promotion rather than longevity.  It establishes a savings program by authorizing members of the military to put up to 5% of their basic pay in a thrift savings plan--a plan already available to other federal workers. Additionally, it allows service secretaries to focus some matching funds for the thrift savings plan to certain critical skills.  It corrects the problems of the current retirement system by giving service members a choice to stay on the current retirement plan and receive $30,000 to put in a savings plan for their future or opt to return to the pre 1986 retirement system. This $30,000 has been the subject of some discussion and perhaps some misunderstanding. I will address this issue later.  It works toward getting our military family off of food stamps by giving special pay to food-stamp eligible members. I find nothing more disheartening or embarrassing than to know that our military compensation is so marginal that we have families on food stamps.  It makes significant improvements to the Montgomery GI bill. The GI bill has long been a backbone in attracting and retaining military members.  S.4 takes significant progress toward relieving the stress on our military families but there are key contributors to that stress that a bill such as this cannot address.  This bill can not address the willingness of this administration to deploy our troops on mission that are not in our vital national interest.  This bill can not address the willingness of this administration to assign them to missions where there is no clearly defined strategy or desired end state.  This bill can not address the willingness of this administration to under fund the military for the many operations they are assigned.  This bill can not address the willingness of this administration to under fund critical modernization and procurement accounts.  The net result of the administration unwillingness to address the impact on the military by the high rate of long deployments, questionable mission quality, and under funding of critical accounts is a double whammy on the men and women of the military.  They are not only deploying longer and more frequently and therefore spending much more time away from their families, but when they return to their home base, they also are faced with long hours in repairing old equipment or making preparation for the next deployment. I am told that this the real pain for many in our military families--they can't even relax with their family after a long deployment.  Mr. President, I know some of my colleagues are concerned that there has been little study to show the elements of this bill are necessary or will give a return that is proportionate to the cost of this bill. Without doubt this is a very expensive bill but the cost to national security by not correcting the problems of retention and recruitment are not even calculable.  But before I discuss the lack of hard data, let me return to the $30,000 bonus for staying on the REDUX plan.  The concern voiced by some is that military members may spend the $30,000 on short term needs or even gratification such as a new car. That certainly could happen but I am counting on the solid leadership of military commanders to educate and explain the investing opportunity that money represents to the very bright, well educated men and women of today's military.  There are already several examples of how that $30,000 could grow over a career if reasonably invested. The very fact that our members are apparently concerned about their future retirement gives me comfort that if they choose to stay on REDUX and except the bonus, most will not squander this opportunity to invest for their retirement.  Some members of Congress are not convinced that REDUX is a problem at all and does not contribute measurably to the retention problem the military faces.  They are asking: Where is the study that shows REDUX is why many members are leaving the military? Mr. President, there is no study. There is only the alarm of the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, all of the Service Chiefs, and the senior enlisted members of all of the services.  Additionally, I do not find it surprising that there is no data because the people that are affected by REDUX are just now reaching the point in their career that they are thinking about the decision to stay in the military for a career or leave. I ask the members of Congress to remember that the decision to except or reject REDUX as a retirement plan or leave the military rests solely with each military individual and not because an analysts' projection of how many will accept or reject REDUX. Our senior leaders of our military are saying REDUX is a significant part of their decision to leave.  Shall we ignore them and wait until enough service members have left to satisfy the statistician? Do not forget we are also having a exceptionally difficult time recruiting new members. Nor can we forget that while we run this data gathering experiment, critical, un-replaceable skills are walking way from military service every day in alarming numbers.  Unfortunately, we are too accustomed to working with weapons systems that we can halt production untilthe wing-drop problem is fixed, or until the required testing is completed to our satisfaction. Unquestionably the men and women are the key element to all of our weapon systems but they cannot be put on hold until the retention problem is clearly defined nor can we slow retirement or withhold pay until the theorist have the problems neatly packaged.  We do not have that luxury to delay or wait for all the data to be generated with the people that are willing to defend this Nation. We have created an ``all volunteer service'' and they volunteer to join and they will go home if they perceive they are not being treated fairly or the Nation does not care that they and their families make great sacrifices to serve in the defense of our country. We can only listen to them and their leaders and make our best judgment about the right course of action to recruit and retain the people we need for today's military. S. 4 makes significant progress toward addressing the problems they tell us are contributing to the crisis in retention and recruiting facing the United States military.  I strongly support the bill and urge my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  