President, I have had the privilege this year to serve as the first chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee's Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. I would like to recognize Senator Warner, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, for his vision and foresight in creating this subcommittee to deal with the nontraditional threats to U.S. national security.  The Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities was established to provide oversight for the Department of Defense's efforts to counter new and emerging challenges to vital United States interests. Through a series of hearings and detailed oversight of budget accounts, the subcommittee highlighted: the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction; terrorism directed at U.S. targets both at home and abroad; information warfare and the protection of our defense information infrastructure; and trafficking of illegal drugs. The subcommittee sought to identify the technology, operational concepts and capabilities we need to deter--and, if necessary--combat these perils.  I would like to briefly highlight the initiatives included in this bill to address the emerging threats to our national security:  Protection of our homeland and our critical information infrastructure are two of the most serious challenges facing our Nation today. In the area of counterterrorism, the bill before the Senate includes full funding for the five Rapid Assessment and Initial Detection (RAID) teams requested by the administration, and an increase of $107 million to provide a total of 17 additional RAID teams in fiscal year 2000. We have further required the Department to establish a central transfer account for the Department's programs to combat terrorism to provide better visibility and accounting for this important effort.  We have included an Information Assurance Initiative to strengthen the Department's critical information infrastructure, enhance oversight and improve organizational structure. As a part of this initiative, we added $120 million above the President's budget request for programs to enhance our ability to combat cyber-attacks. In addition, this initiative will provide for a test to plan and conduct simulations, exercises and experiments against information warfare threats, and allow the Department to interact with civil and commmercial organizations in this important effort. The provision encourages the Secretary of Defense to strike an appropriate balance in addressing threats to the defense information infrastructure while at the same time recognizing that Department of Defense has a role to play in helping to protect critical infrastructure outside the DOD.  We have included a legislative package to strengthen the science and technology program. This legislation will ensure that since the science and technology program is threat-based and that investments are tied to future warfighting needs. The legislation is also aimed at promoting innovation in laboratories and improving the efficiency of RDT operations. The bill also includes a $170 million increase to the science and technology budget request.  And finally, in the area of nonproliferation, we have authorized over $718 million for programs to assist Russia and other states of the former Soviet Union destroy or control their weapons of mass destruction. However, it is important to note, this is an increase of $29.6 million over the fiscal year 1999 funding level. I would like to take a moment to share my thoughts on this issue.  I am very concerned about the findings of the recently released GAO report that the U.S. cost of funding the nuclear material storage facility in Mayak, Russia has increased from an original estimate of $275 million to $413 million. This Cooperative Threat Reduction (CTR) project may eventually have a price tag of $1 billion. These increased costs to the U.S. have occurred because Russia has failed to fund its share of the costs of this project. I also understand that the chemical weapons destruction facility will not be open until 2006, in part due to Russia's failure to provide the needed information about the chemical weapons to be destroyed.  The CTR program is becoming more and more one-sided. This program is also in the interest of the Russians. Matter of fact, much of the destruction of the Russian inventory, funded by the CTR program, enables Russia to meet its obligations under existing arms control treaties.  In addition, I am concerned with the daily press reports that the Russians are enhancing their military capabilities. For example:  Earlier this month, President Yeltsin reportedly ordered the Russian military to draw up plans for the development and use of tactical nuclear forces.  On May 4, The Russian Defense Minister threatened to reconsider Russian support for the revision of the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) Treaty.  On April 16, the Duma unanimously adopted a resolution calling for increased defense budgets.  Although I have serious concerns about this program, we included an authorization for CTR at the budget request of $475.5 million, an increase of $35 million over the FY 99 level. However, before FY 2000 funds may be obligated we require the President to recertify that the Russians are foregoing any military modernization that exceeds legitimate defense requirements and are complying with relevant arms control agreements. The most recent certification by the Administration was completed before these numerous statements by Yeltsi and other Russian officials.  I am also concerned with the deficiencies in the management and oversight of the DOE programs in Russia--in particular, the Initiative for Proliferation Prevention (IPP) and the Nuclear Cities Initiative (NCI). If these programs are to succeed, we need to get past the implementation problems pointed out in the GAO report, in press reports, by our House colleagues, and by the Russians. In addition, the Russian economic crisis and lack of infrastructure are making these programs more difficult to manage. I am afraid if we do not exercise strong oversight now we are in danger of losing these programs.  I have proposed a number of initiatives that I believe will go a long way towards correcting the deficiencies in the management of the IPP program, establishing a framework for effective implementation and oversight of both programs, and ensuring that sufficient accountability exists. Further, I believe the U.S. nonproliferation goals and U.S. national security will be better served by these improvements.  Finally, I believe DoE should spend FY 2000 tightening up the implementation of IPP and NCI rather than broadening the program. Therefore, the committee authorized the IPP and NCI below the administration's request of $30 million for each program. The bill includes an authorization of $15 million for NCI and an authorization of $25 million for IPP, an increase of $2.5 million for each program over FY 99 levels. These are the only programs in the entire DoE nonproliferation budget that the committee authorized below the budget request. Overall, we authorized $266.8 million for DoE nonproliferation programs in the former Soviet Union countries--an increase of $13.4 million over FY 99.  I believe the bill before you takes significant steps to focus the Department of Defense's efforts to counter new and emerging threats to vital national security interests. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Once again, Mr. President, I am asking the support of my colleagues for a simple sense of the Senate that calls also for complete transparency on the part of the President and Senate consideration regarding the de facto editing of the original North Atlantic Treaty.  My sense of the Senate asks the President to certify whether the new Strategic Concept of NATO, the one adopted at the 50th anniversary of NATO in Washington about a month ago--this formalization of new and complicated United States responsibilities in Europe, as evidenced by the war in Kosovo and the possibility of future Kosovos around the world--is in fact a document that obligates the United States in any way, shape, or form.  If so, my sense of the Senate affirms that this body be given the opportunity to debate, to accept or to reject, the new blueprint for future NATO operations, these actions which will undoubtedly include substantial components of our own Armed Forces engaged completely outside the province of the original treaty.  Yesterday the distinguished Senator from Michigan, my colleague and my friend, Senator Levin, asked where the Congress was in 1990, in regard to the last Strategic Concept adoption. The Senator has rightly pointed out there were changes made in the Concept at that particular time. Without question, that should have been an alarm bell of things to come. But there are key differences, I tell my friend, in the world today as opposed to the world in 1990.  Second, and just as important, there are significant differences regarding the Strategic Concept adopted in April of 1999, just a month ago, which is the document that I hope is still on the desk of all Senators, and the Concept that was adopted in 1990 as referenced by the Senator.  First of all, Bosnia had not occurred and, more especially, Kosovo was not the proof of the direction that NATO intended to go. That direction is an offensive direction. That is not meant to be a pun.  The crafting of language in the new Strategic Concept was carefully done. Look, my colleagues, if you will, at the removal of the following wording of paragraph 35 of the 1991 Concept. I will repeat it:       The alliance is purely defensive in purpose. None of its      weapons will ever be used except in self defense.  That was removed. That removal was not an oversight. The current Strategic Concept sets in motion a new NATO that is inconsistent with article 1 of the 1990 treaty or concept. The North Atlantic Treaty, article 1:       The parties undertake as set forth in the Charter of the      United Nations to settle any international dispute which they      may be involved in by peaceful means, in such a manner that      international peace and security and justice are not      endangered, and to refrain in their international relations      from the threat or use of force in any manner inconsistent      with the purpose of the United Nations.  That was in 1990, the reference to the United Nations, to settle any international dispute by peaceful means, not by military means.  The original wording and intent of article 4 of the North Atlantic Treaty is straightforward. The North Atlantic Treaty, article 4:       The parties will consult together when in the opinion of      any of them the territorial integrity--  All the debate about whether we are conducting a military campaign and crossing borders of a sovereign state, I say it again:       The parties will consult together when in the opinion of      any of them the territorial integrity or political      independence or the security of any of the parties is      threatened.  However, paragraph 24 of the new Concept significantly alters article 4 of the NATO treaty in the following way:       Arrangements exist within the alliance for consultation      among the allies under article 4 of the Washington Treaty--  My colleagues, pay attention to this--     and, where appropriate, the coordination of their efforts      including the responses to such risks.  The portion that includes ``the coordination of their efforts including their responses to such risk,'' it is new, and strongly suggests offensive action, i.e., Kosovo. It is a possible response to a threat, and that is a radical shift for NATO--not from 1949 but also from 1990.  The new Concept has significantly expanded the global coverage of NATO. For example, paragraphs 20, 21, and 22 clearly indicate a global reach for NATO.  Paragraph 20 states:       The resulting tensions could lead to crises affecting Euro-     Atlantic stability, to human suffering and to armed      conflicts. Such conflicts could affect the security of the      conference by spilling over to neighboring countries      including NATO countries or in other ways, and could also      affect the security of neighboring states.  The point is that NATO justifies action well beyond the original boundaries of NATO and now includes threats to member states anywhere in the world. Is that what we want the NATO of the future to be?  I say to my friend from Michigan, he is right that Congress was asleep at the switch when the Strategic Concept of 1990 was adopted. But there is no reason for Congress to remain asleep in1999. In fairness to my colleagues, no one envisioned that in less than 9 years the purely defensive alliance of NATO would have conducted offensive action out of area, against a sovereign nation, albeit a terribly oppressive nation, in an action that was not in our vital national interests.  Let me share some comments I have gleaned from the Foreign Media Reaction Daily Digest which all Members receive from the U.S. Information Agency. This is from the leading press around the world, as they view, in terms of their commentary, what this Strategic Concept means to them.  I know some critics, myself included, will say their views, some of the views, are unimportant or biased or that they are from state-run presses. I know that. But I think they are a valuable tool to understand how we and NATO are being perceived by non-NATO members--and some NATO members as well. Here is the summary--early May:       The Alliance's adoption of a ``new strategic concept''. . .      has swung to the negative [in regard to the comments by the      foreign press]. Criticism of the Alliance's vision of a      ``new world order''. . . . many underscored the problems      with NATO's expanded purview and questioned the      feasibility of trying to promote and impose--beyond      European borders and ``by force if necessary''--a      ``consistent'' standard on human rights. The vast majority      of media outside of Europe remained harshly critical of      NATO's [read the U.S.'s] new blueprint, with most      reiterating their concerns that NATO is ``transforming      itself into a global police force, ignoring the role of      the U.N.'' . . . NATO is being enlarged--both spatially      and doctrinally--in order to ensure U.S. military and      political dominance over Europe, Russia and the rest of      the world.  I don't buy that, but it is important to understand that other countries certainly think that.  It goes on to say:       The idea that a part of the world, formed by the most      ``civilized'' nations, can be responsible for the respect of      human rights in the whole world--resorting, if necessary, to      the use of force . . . is neither viable nor fair.  They are asking:       . . . whether Kosovo is an exception or a rule in NATO's      new strategy, and whether the Allies will be equally firm,      but also consistent, when its comes to the Kurds . . .      Tibetans, Palestinians, Tutsis, Hutus [or] Native Americans.      Ethnic cleansing in Chechnya, Turkey, Colombia, Indonesia      show that NATO is now punishing randomly, that is only      enemies and only those countries that don't have any nuclear      weapons.  Mr. President, several headlines--and I do not agree with all of these headlines--in May should be brought to the attention of my colleagues.  The newspaper Reforma in Mexico:       What is the reason for the desire to impose a solution in      defense of the Albanians in Yugoslavia while at the same time      three ethnic groups that hate each other are forced to co-     exist in Bosnia? What could happen in Mexico in the future?      Within several months, NATO members [have now agreed] to      intervene anywhere they see fit without the need to consult      with the U.N. and to run the risk of a veto from Russia or      China. This will be a two century jump backwards.  That is from Mexico. I am not saying it speaks for the entire country of Mexico, although President Zedillo said much the same thing.  Ethnos, a paper in Greece:       What occurred in Washington was the U.N.'s      complete weakening. It is now a mere onlooker of NATO's      decisions and initiatives. What has taken place is the      complete overthrow of the legal system.  A newspaper called Folha de S. Paulo in Brazil:       NATO celebrates its 50th anniversary and in practice      formalizes the end of the U.N. As it has become clear this      past month, the world's power is, in fact, in NATO, meaning      in the hands of the United States. And, almost no Government      dares to protest against it.  The Economist in Great Britain, a respected newspaper:       Limping home from Kosovo would certainly oblige NATO to      rethink its post-Cold War aims of intervention, not just for      member's defense, but also for broader interest in      humanitarian and international order. NATO might go into      terminal decline. The Alliance needs to persist in explaining      to other countries the principles that guided NATO's decision      to intervene in Kosovo. This necessity is not so much to      prove that this was a just cause but to reassure a suspicious      world that NATO has not given itself the right to attack      sovereign nations at whim.  Il Sole 24-Ore. of Italy:       We cannot say what emerged from the weird birthday-summit      war council in Washington is a strategic concept. Indeed,      NATO should have been more precise about its future. The war      in Kosovo forces us to revise international law as we have      known it.  This is from a newspaper in a country that is a NATO ally:       The concept suggests laying the foundation of an ``ethical      foreign policy.'' A democratic West which tolerates ethnic      and religious diversities, which is stable and economically      free, can even fight to give these values to other people. It      is a very nice picture, but to impose freedom is a      contradiction in terms.  Another headline: Al-Dustur in Jordan, the new King of which just paid a visit to this country:       The Anglo-American alliance imposed on NATO during the      summit in Washington is a new orientation marked by      imperialist arrogance and disregard for the rest of the      world.  Those are pretty strong words.       This is a serious danger that faces the world, and to      overcome it all non-NATO countries should cooperate and seek      to develop weapons of mass destruction.  Is that what the new Strategic Concept is leading to in the minds of some of the critics in foreign countries?  Al Watan in Kuwait, the country we freed in regard to Desert Storm:       NATO does not have a strategy for the next 50 years, except      America will remain the master, Europe the subordinate,      Russia a marginalized state and the rest of the world      secondary actors.  That is pretty tough criticism.  Asahi newspaper in Japan:       One such lesson is that members of an alliance often resort      to their own military activities, paying scant attention to      the trend of the U.N. Security Council, or international      opinion. Another lesson is that the United States, the only      superpower, often acts in accordance with its own logic or      interests rather than acting as supporter for its allies.  This newspaper sums it up:       This has relevance to the U.S.-Japanese military alliance.  The newspaper Hankyoreh Shinmun of South Korea, an ally:       The summit decision to give the Alliance an enlarged role      in the future is a dangerous one in that it may serve in the      long term to merely prop up America's hegemonic endeavors.      The talk of NATO's expanded role confuses everyone and even      threatens global peace. NATO's new role could unify countries      like Russia and China that oppose U.S. dominance, provoking a      new global conflagration between them and the West.  In Taiwan, The China Times:       NATO's new order requires different agents to act on the      U.S.'s behalf in different regions and to share the peace-     keeping responsibility for the peace of greater America. In      the Kosovo crisis, NATO on one hand tries to stop the      Yugoslav government's slaughter. On the other hand, to show      respect for Yugoslav sovereignty it also opposes Kosovar      independence. This means that a country cannot justify human      rights violations by claiming national sovereignty. By the      same token, calls for independence in a high tension area are      forbidden since they would naturally lead to war. These two      principles have now become the pillars of the NATO strategic      concept. Both sides of the Taiwan Strait have also repeatedly      received similar signals: Beijing should not use force      against Taiwan, and Taiwan should not declare independence.  There is a parallel.  Finally, in India, the newspaper Telegraph:       NATO will definitely try to make things difficult for      nations like India which are planning to join the nuclear      league. Though Russia, and now China, are seeking India's      cooperation and active participation to build a multi-polar      world order against the United States, Deli appears to be      reluctant to play. This reluctance stems from the fear that      the West, with help from Pakistan, might turn Kashmir into      another Kosovo, highlighting human rights violations in the      valley and Kashmir then might become a fit case for NATO      intervention.  I do not buy that. I do not think we are going to do that. Some of the warnings, some of the descriptions that I have just read to my colleagues, I do not buy, but it shows you the attitude, it shows you how other people feel about the new Strategic Concept.  We have the same kind of commentaries from Argentina, from Canada, from Mexico again.  La Jornada, a newspaper in Mexico:       The decision by NATO leaders to turn that organization from      a defensive into an offensive entity and to carry out      military actions regardless of the U.N. is a defeat of      civilized mechanisms that were so painfully put in place      after World War II. If the Alliance really wanted to impose      democratic values by force, it should start by attacking some      of its own members, like Turkey, which carries out systematic      ethnic cleansing campaigns against the Kurds.  Tough words.  My point remains that this new Strategic Concept, a concept that radically alters the focus and direction of NATO, has been adopted without the consultation of the Senate. Are we willing, asSenators, to stand by and not debate, discuss, or give consent to a document that fundamentally alters the most successful alliance in history? What we discussed, what we ratified in regard to expansion is totally different than the new Strategic Concept. It has had no debate, it has had no discussion and, yet, it is a blueprint for our involvement in the future of NATO.  It is a document that fundamentally alters the most successful alliance in history and one that may cost the blood of our men and women and billions of dollars from our Treasury. We should at least debate it.  I urge my colleagues to support my sense-of-the-Senate amendment. I reserve the remainder of my time.  