As I indicated before, the agency still must spend the time taking the assessment. So I asked staff. I said: Wait a minute. Why is it, if they suspended it, you still have to take the assessment? I don't know where they are storing all of this paperwork. Maybe they burn it at Christmas time That may be a good idea. But, at any rate, write the mail; don't send it. And I asked staff: Why are we still doing this if, in fact, you don't send it in? It is a privacy issue. Look at the questions that are involved. These are privacy issues, and they haven't figured that out yet. So if, in fact, there are privacy issues, it would seem to me we had better settle those first or we are going to have lawsuits, big time. Why issue the regulation and then say to people: Well, we have a bunch of privacy issues that we haven't thought through, but keep on filling them out, and when we figure out the privacy issue, why, then we will get back to you.  I am extremely sympathetic to the concerns raised by my constituents that these new policies will harm seniors.  But let's give HCFA a break. I have been pretty critical and a little sarcastic, and I have to admit that I have a bias.  I have been working on this ever since I have had the privilege of being in public service. Even back when I was an administrative assistant to Congressman Keith Sebelius, we used to have these HCFA directives coming out to the rural health care delivery system. I can remember one right off the bat on behalf of cost containment.  Give HCFA a break. They are in charge of cost containment. We are all good at passing laws and then passing a lot of regulations, and saying, OK, you have to really put up with these, and it is up to HCFA to put out the regulations. And when we find they don't work, the people come to us and complain about it.  I can remember one rather incredible thing when they said we are not going to pay anybody any Medicare reimbursement unless the patient admissions are reviewed by hospitals on a 24-hour basis by three doctors. We thought about that a little and said: We think we are for this--because wedidn't have any doctors. I figured, well, what the heck. If we go ahead and accept this regulation, maybe they could provide the three.  Then there was the other great example of the sole provider and community hospital--talking about Goodland, KS, America, out on the prairie at the top of the world, a great place to live, a great farming community miles from nowhere. We asked again--it was HHS at that particular time--can you give us this decree, or this ruling to make this hospital eligible for a little more in payments? They said: Well, no, because everybody out there--I am not making this up--has four-wheel drives, and it is pretty flat in Kansas. What? As opposed to Colorado, I say to the distinguished Presiding Officer, who serves as an outstanding Senator. Four-wheel drive, and it is flat, and because they have lizards, windstorms. Our weather out there is a little tough for some bird in, like Virginia, down here to make that assessment.  So I have a little bias here, but I want to give HCFA a break.  I want to ask the Senator, are these policy changes necessary to achieve the Medicare savings goals? Medicare is a top concern; strengthen and preserve it. We have all worked very hard to do that. Are these policies necessary to achieve the savings that we want to achieve to strengthen and preserve Medicare?  