President, those of us who are privileged to serve in the Senate are also privileged to become associated with a great many people who also serve our Nation's Capitol and, in turn, better enable us to meet our responsibilities.  They also serve the true ``owners'' of this Capitol Building, the many men, women, and children who visit this very historic place to see firsthand ``their'' Capitol, their symbol of America, and the freedoms that we all enjoy.  Despite the fact they do a good job, they are mostly unsung. I am talking about the 1,600 employees of the Senate. If you count our fine U.S. Capitol Police force, that number goes over 2,000.  Today, I rise to pay tribute to one such employee, former Hill staffer, James Thomas ``Tony'' Anderson, who passed away this past August.  For the past 5 years, the Senate's appointment desk, just one floor from this Chamber, was where Tony always greeted people with a smile and made them feel very special. In this tribute to him, I also speak for his coworkers and friends, Joy Ogdon, Christine Catucci, and Laura Williams.  Mr. President, I first met Tony Anderson when I worked for Kansas Senator Frank Carlson and was a good friend with his mother, Margaret, who was a long-time and valued member of the Carlson staff.  Like many of our dedicated employees, Mr. Anderson was never far from Capitol Hill. He was born in the old Providence Hospital at Third and E Streets N.E., and Tony got his training early and from some of the best. While still in high school, and later in college, he worked in various capacities for many Senators; the list reads similar to a Who's Who of the Senate during those years. I am talking about Senator Russell Long, Senator Leverett Saltonstall, Senator John Kennedy, Senator George Murphy, and Senator Frank Carlson.  He graduated from Anacostia High School and later attended Federal City College, Montgomery College, and later the University of the District of Columbia.  James Thomas Anderson was also Brother Bernard, junior Profess member of the Order of St. Francis, a Holy Order within the Episcopal Church, located at Little Portion Monastery in New York. His chosen service within the Order of St. Francis was commensurate with his strong support of human and animal rights. Upon his return from the monastery, he worked for the Architect of the National Cathedral.  Mr. Anderson's life took a turn from Washington as a result of being a waiter at the old Carroll Arms Hotel Restaurant, where his interest in wines led him to a successful career that took him to the vineyards of Italy, France, Germany, and Spain. With his knowledge of wine and cheeses, he helped to open the Capitol Hill Wine and Cheese Shop, one of the first business successes that led to the revitalization of Capitol Hill.  He later became the sommelier at the Watergate Terrace, the Four Seasons, Jean Louis at the Watergate, and then to the Hay Adams Hotel. Mr. Anderson was instrumental in getting the Four Seasons' wine and beverage program started.  Tony Anderson then returned to the Capitol, working in the Senate Restaurant and Banquet Department. He could tell many accounts of serving First Ladies, visiting dignitaries, and even a luncheon for the Queen of England. No one did it better or with more elegance and propriety than Tony.  Mr. Anderson left the Senate Restaurant, and for the past 5 years served on the Senate Appointments Desk. In that capacity, he was a natural. Tony Anderson was born in the city, grew up in the city. He loved the city and the Senate dearly. He truly enjoyed people, made them feel welcome, and if they had a moment, he made their visit to our Capitol special with all of his stories and experiences.  I am not sure when he told me who he was. As I indicated, we were friends when I worked for Senator Frank Carlson a long time ago. For me and for most who have worked here as pages, interns, employees, and staffers--and, yes, also as Members of Congress--each experience, each person and, yes, even the places, are like a special collage etched in your memory.  I can't remember exactly when it was, but I know I was coming from the Hart Building; I decided not to take the elevator to get to the first floor but to take the old stairs that I used when I was an intern for Senator Frank Carlson; they lead to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee room. Well, I turned right and was hurrying on my way, glancing at those ever-present appointment cards, when I heard Tony:       Hey, Pat, remember me? I'm Tony Anderson, Margaret      Anderson's son.  And there he was, with a bow tie and a smile, the same smile and always pleasant demeanor that made him special to his family, coworkers, and friends--not to mention everyone he ever served and helped, from the Queen of England to John Q. Public, visitor to our Nation's Capitol.  Mr. Anderson died at the age of 57. He is survived by his sister, Karen Anderson Cramer of Ocean Pines, MD. He was preceded in death by his parents, James and Margaret Anderson, and Edward Brodniak, his life partner of 32 years.  Tony, thanks and godspeed.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  