 I say to the distinguished Democratic leader, I would have hoped that he could have described my amendment as perhaps acceptable as opposed to the completely unacceptable amendment by the Senator from Arizona, and I would hope that would be the case.  It is my understanding now we have 30 minutes of time and 15 minutes on a side. I am going to yield time to the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania who has been a real help to us in trying to put together an amendment that will be acceptable to all parties.  I do also thank my friends across the aisle, more particularly Senator Dorgan and Senator Conrad and Senator Harkin. We had a discussion yesterday. I know this amendment does not cross every ``t'' or dot every ``i'' in their eyes, but I would say to them that we on our side have tried to move at least to a compromise bill that could be worked out.  I had a telephone conversation with Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman about 45 minutes ago. I want to point out that the Secretary of Agriculture, and many on the other side, and many on this side, have had the opportunity to work on many farm bills together.  There have been 13 emergency or supplemental bills in the last 10 years in regard to agriculture. That shows you the tremendous change that occurs in global agriculture. We have worked together on many of these bills. Secretary Glickman and I are very good friends. We have very strong differences of opinion from time to time; there is no question about that, but we have tried to work together as a team on behalf of agriculture.  In regard to this debate, I suggest to everybody that today is the day for compromise and teamwork on behalf of our hard-pressed farmers and ranchers. I do not think they want us debating over and over again the philosophy or the ideology in regard to farm bills. What they want is emergency assistance, and we can then address the problems that we have all talked about in regard to a long-term agenda on behalf of agriculture.  Today is not the day to express strong opinions about the current farm bill or assess blame or make the political rhetoric. We have had those days.  Today is the day to pass an emergency bill. Senators Burns and Gorton and Santorum and Grassley and Grams and Hagel and I have offered an amendment, now endorsed by the National Association of Wheat Growers, the American Soybean Association, and the American Farm Bureau. Obviously, we have not had enough time to contact all of the commodity organizations, all the farm groups. But I think, without question, most of the farm groups, if not all, certainly support this approach.  What does it do? The purpose of this amendment is to provide direct income assistance to farmers and ranchers in the fastest way possible. I know my colleagues across the aisle would prefer a different way, or at least a portion of this assistance to come in a different way, in what is called the LDP program. That is an acronym for the Loan Deficiency Payment.  This amendment does provide the assistance through the transition payment, which will provide assistance to farmers in 10 days. We went the LDP route during the last emergency assistance--or to be more accurate, there was emergency assistance granted in the last emergency bill.  It took the Secretary of Agriculture 6 to 8 months to get assistance to farmers. We do not need to do that. So it is the fastest way possible. As I have indicated, it is through the structure called the additional transition payments that are contained in the farm bill. It does it with additional payments of 100 percent.  Let me say something about the 100 percent for those farms that are in program crops. It means not only do you get a transition payment; you get another transition payment 100 percentequal to that. I will venture to say, with that payment most farmers in America, in terms of wheat and corn and your basic crops--and, yes, in regard to cotton and step 2, which is another program--that extra income assistance will move those prices at least to the cost of production and maybe even more.  As opposed to other amendments, this approach that has been offered does not change current farm program policy. You do not need to rewrite the farm bill during the appropriations process or during an emergency bill.  You may have very strong beliefs about this farm bill. I do. But now is not the time to rewrite the farm program in regard to this emergency bill. We can do that next year. I hope we do not in the middle of an election year, but obviously people have strong beliefs. I do not believe this is the appropriate place.  The bill also provides assistance to soybean and oil seed producers. It provides assistance to livestock producers, to cotton producers, with regard to the step 2 program that has been so eloquently described by the distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Cochran, and to specialty crop producers and others who do not receive program crops.  I say to Senators paying attention--I hope they are, either in their officers or wherever they are--all of you who represent farmers who do not have program crops not covered by the farm bill, this amendment provides the most assistance to those who are in specialty crops and others. We do not go down every commodity and raise amendments such as the one that is going to be introduced by the Senator from Arizona. Some of these commodities, some of these programs raise a lot of objections. We have had historic debates in that regard. Let's not go down that path. We give money to the Secretary of Agriculture for specialty crops. Only the USDA can determine which of those crops, which of those regions really need the assistance. I think that approach is best.  Most important, it contains funds for crop insurance reform to keep the crop insurance premiums at current levels. We reduced them last year. They will spike up again. So we have money to keep those at that level.  I tell my colleagues, finally, those of us who have tried to keep this bill under $7 billion for budgetary concerns, we have also provided another $400 million for disaster assistance as a result of talking to the Secretary of Agriculture, who was in West Virginia with Senator Byrd yesterday. We have all seen on television the effects of drought. Anybody who comes from farm country understands the effects of drought. Secretary Glickman said: I need money immediately. So we provided $400 million. Will it be enough? I don't know. But at least in terms of that request, I think it is appropriate. As I say, Secretary Glickman was in West Virginia with Senator Byrd, and the need is very crucial. That brings the total of the package to $7.5 billion, but we have a drought on hand and we have an emergency.  All this assistance is provided without each commodity or specialty crop coming to the table in a bidding war. We have already had that, reopening, as I have indicated, the historic and unneeded debates of the past. Instead we have emergency assistance that will provide farmers needed assistance down the road. If you want to look at farm program policy in future debates with hearings, perhaps that is appropriate.  How much time does the Senator require?  