President I rise to add my voice to the support of the Defense authorization bill that we soon vote on.  It has been my honor this year to serve as the Chairman of the Armed Services Committee's new subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. The chairman wisely established this subcommittee to provide a focus on the Department of Defense's efforts to counter new and emerging threats to vital national security interests.  This subcommittee has oversight over such threats as the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, international terrorism directed at U.S. targets both at home and abroad, information warfare, and narco-trafficking. In addition, the subcommittee has budgetary oversight of the defense science and technology program--which will provide for the development of the technology necessary for the U.S. military to meet the challenges of the 21st century.  A key element of the subcommittee's responsibilities is the changing role of the U.S. military in the new threat environment, with an examination of emerging operational concepts and non-traditional military operations. In this connection, the subcommittee has oversight of the procurement and R programs of the Special Operations Command.  I would like to briefly highlight the initiatives included in this bill to address emerging threats and the future capabilities of our armed forces:  Protection of our homeland and our critical information infrastructure are two of the most serious challenges facing our Nation today. In the area of Counter-Terrorism, the bill includes full funding for the five Rapid Assessment and Initial Detection (RAID) teams requested by the administration, and an increase of $107 million to provide a total of 17 additional RAID teams in fiscal year 2000. We required the Department to establish specific budget reporting procedures for its combating terrorism program. This will give the program the focus and visibility it deserves while providing Congress with the information it requires to conduct thorough oversight over the Department's efforts to combat the threat of terrorism attack both inside and outside the U.S.  The bill includes a $150 million Information Assurance Initiative to strengthen the defense information assurance program, enhance oversight and improve organizational structure. This initiative will also provide a testbed to plan and conduct simulations, exercises and experiments against information warfare threats, and allow the Department to interact with civil and commercial organizations. The provision encourages the Secretary of Defense to strike an appropriate balance in addressing threats to the defense information infrastructure while at the same time recognizing that DOD has a role to play in protecting critical infrastructures outside the DOD.  In the area of nonproliferation, we have authorized full funding for the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program to accelerate the dismantlement of the former Soviet Union strategic offensive arms that threaten the U.S. And for the DoE programs--Initiatives for Proliferation Prevention and the Nuclear Cities Initiative--we have authorized an increase of $5.0 million over the FY99 funding levels and have recommended several initiatives to enhance the overall management of these programs.  We have included in the bill a legislative package to strengthen the defense science and technology program. This legislation will ensure that the science and technology program is threat-based and that investments are tied to future warfighting needs. The legislation is also aimed at promoting innovation in laboratories and improving the efficiency of these RDT operations.  Other budgetary highlights include: a $271 million increase to the defense science and technology budget request; an additional $10.0 million for Joint Experimentation exercises; $14.0 million in targeted increases in the Chemical and Biological Defense Program to advance research in chemical and biological agent detector technologies and procurement; and an additional $164.7 million to meet unfunded requirements of the Special Operations Forces.  Although I have highlighted some of the key successes of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities subcommittee, I am very proud of the total package we are voting on today. I think we have done an excellent first step in helping the men and women in the military receive fair compensation for their sacrifice for this nation.  I thank the Chairman for his vital and impressive leadership this year, along with the Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Bingaman, and the majority staff. I urge my colleagues to support the Defense authorization bill.  