Menzies Campbell says:       . . .''It is a matter of considerable regret that the House      of Commons has never debated properly the issues surrounding      the NATO Strategic Concept.'' He argued that, ``Parliament      should have had the opportunity to consider matters such as      NATO's right of independent action without Security Council      authority and further expansion of the alliance and its      consequences.''  He said that:       Foreign and security policy is the responsibility of the      government, but the legislature is surely entitled to express      its views.  This was also true in regards to the statement by Lord Wallace of Great Britain in the House of Lords.       . . .''no intelligent debate''. . .it is ``quite      astonishing that we allow British defence strategy to be      structured by an international organisation without any form      of input and debate by our Parliament.''  Then he went on to say, in drawing the example here in the Senate:       Both Republicans and Democrats. . .argue that the. . .      [overemphasis on] the enlargement issue in the run-up to      NATO's 50th anniversary celebration. . .came at the expense      of any meaningful debate over the evolution of NATO and the      role that the. . .Alliance will play in the 21st century.  If I could ask my distinguished chairman, would he recall the many times that we have had briefings in regards to the situation in Kosovo and the question over and over again that was posed prior to the bombing: Would this be in our vital national security interest?  I know the Senator asked that question many times. I know that the distinguished Senator from Utah, Mr. Bennett, who made a very eloquent speech in this Chamber this morning, asked that question. I tried to ask the question in regards to an amendment to the defense appropriations bill last year. I said: Before we would actually commit any troops under this ever-changing concept in that part of the world, would the administration please answer eight questions--as to cost, purpose, exit strategy, end game, and et cetera, et cetera?  That public law requirement was not addressed for 6 months. I am worried about the future of NATO, I would say to my distinguished friend. I know the chairman is. I think that Kosovo is a rock that has hit the NATO windshield, and it has been like shattered glass. It does not matter if you feel that involvement is a fine mess we have gotten into or whether or not we think that this policy is the right policy.  I am sure the distinguished chairman--I have talked with him about it--will have the full committee or perhaps my subcommittee look at the tactics that have been used, the stress and strain on others, on other services in other parts of the world.  I am sure we have talked about the ethics of conducting a war above 15,000 feet; immaculate coercion, where no allied NATO soldier has suffered any casualty as opposed to the people we are trying to help.  I know that we have talked, Mr. Chairman, about the law of unintended effects; what is happening today in regard to Russia, China, India, Pakistan, South America, and Central America. President Zedillo of Mexico wondered aloud in the international press: Will NATO now come to enforce human rights within the sovereign territory of Mexico in regards to the Chippewa Indian situation? How about East Timor, Chechnya, Turkey, and the Kurds, et cetera, et cetera? Rwanda, that situation is far more difficult.  I don't know, Mr. Chairman. I just think there are a lot of real questions that Members have. If you go back to the basic genesis as to why we are there, it comes right back to the President's speech at the Hague over 2 years ago, reflected in the Strategic Concept of NATO.  I thank the distinguished chairman.  