President, before I make remarks on behalf of the amendment, which pretty well dovetails the second-degree amendment introduced by the distinguished chairman of the committee, I would like to pay a deserved tribute to our distinguished chairman, the Senator from Virginia, for his leadership in forging a defense bill during a time of great, great challenge.  During a time when our military is stressed, strained, and some of us believe hollow, our Nation needs those who will take a stand--a stand, if you will--to really try to fulfill the first obligation of our Federal Government, and that is to safeguard our national security.  Our new chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, in the tradition of Senator Thurmond, has been the right man at the right time for the right job. He has, without question, reaffirmed the standing of the influence of the committee. He has actually given the committee--in this case, the creation of a new Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee--a chance to take a look at really what our Nation faces in terms of our national security threat in the post-cold-war period. I want to thank him publicly for discussing with me the possibility of being the chairman of that committee and for that appointment.  I think the thing I want to mention the most in regard to the chairman's leadership and also that of Senator Levin is the pay raise and retirement reform contained in this bill. After hearing from the Joint Chiefs and knowing that we have a crisis in regard to retention of our men and women in uniform, the chairman, actually during the impeachment process, sat us down to work and really hit the ground running.  Despite the criticism of those who wanted a much larger bill, a more comprehensive bill, to address all of the problems that we face in the military--and, by the way, I mention that these challenges include the quality of life issues, the health care issues, the issue of the operations tempo, the issue of the personnel tempo, and then that of mission quality. There are those who said, we are not quite sure that this pay raise or this retirement reform will really address the retention problem. There are others who said they wanted to study it further. I suggest to them that if we studied it actually further, we would be in such a problem with retention we would be past the marrow of the bone.  John Warner really took the issue by the horns and provided the leadership. We are sending a message to every man and woman in uniform, saying that we care. And we took action, as I said before, despite the impeachment proceedings and despite a very, very busy schedule here in this Congress.  So thank you to John Warner and also to Senator Levin, whose expertise in regard to his oversight and his policy actually keeps the committee with very strong leadership. It is a privilege to serve with both Senators. I will make a statement at a later time in regard to the efforts by Senator Bingaman, who is the distinguished ranking member of the Emerging Threats Subcommittee, and what we think we have been able to achieve.  Mr. President, I rise with the support of the chairman of the committee, as well as my colleague from Georgia, Senator Cleland, to offer an amendment to this bill, S. 1059. It is my hope that this amendment will reaffirm the Senate's important responsibility of either rejecting or consenting to fundamental changes in the letter and spirit of existing treaties--in particular, when those changes actually broaden the nature of U.S. military missions, responsibilities, and obligations overseas.  I ask my colleagues' support for a simple sense-of-the-Senate resolution that calls for complete transparency on the part of the President and Senate consideration in regard to the de facto editing of the original North Atlantic Treaty.  My sense-of-the-Senate simply asks the President to certify whether the new strategic concept of NATO, this formalization of new and complicated United States military responsibilities in Europe, as evidenced by the war in Kosovo and the possibility of future Kosovos around the world, is in fact a document that obligates the United States in any way, shape, or form. If so, my sense-of-the-Senate affirms that this body be given the opportunity to debate, accept, or reject the new blueprint for future NATO actions. These future actions will undoubtedly include substantial components of our own Armed Forces engaged completely outside the province of the original treaty. We see this today in regard to the ongoing operations in Bosnia, Albania, Macedonia, and over the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. These deployments are dominated by U.S. forces, ostensibly because of our responsibilities as a NATO member.  During the cold war, the Congress and the American people believed the original Nato Treaty was in our vital national security interest. I am not so sure we know now whether these new NATO missions meet that important criteria for the possibility of spilling American blood and treasure. There has been a transformation Mr. President, and, while yes the world has transformed since 1949, Congress still needs to be given the opportunity to formally consider and endorse what we're signing up for and committing to do in Europe and elsewhere around the world. Given this situation, I believe it is imperative the Senate ask the President to formally certify whether the new Strategic Concept, which was adopted during the 50-year anniversary here in Washington about a month ago, represents commitments by the United States, and, if so, submit the document for formal congressional scrutiny.  Let's be honest with the American people, Mr. President. If the new Strategic Concept of 1999 is the particular direction we're headed in regards to Europe, let's give this body and theAmerican people a chance to formally agree or disagree. If only for budgeting reasons, let's understand what we are committing to do so we can plan and budget for it.  In this discussion, we must not lose sight of the fact that NATO is a military alliance and the new Strategic Concept of 1999 is its guide for the 21st century. This is a very important document the nineteen nations of NATO have drafted and I encourage every Senator to examine it closely, comparing it with the original North Atlantic Treaty. I believe Senators will find that the new Strategic Concept of 1999 document is completely inconsistent with the spirit of the original treaty in critical areas. That means the treaty has been changed, albeit rather quietly, during the 50-year anniversary celebration, and the United States has formally committed to a new strategic direction in Europe.  It's time for the Senate to stop, take notice of what is happening to NATO, and go on record asserting its constitutional role.  Through the new Strategic Concept of 1999, President Clinton, along with the member nations of NATO, has quite possibly taken the commonsense notion of mutual consultation for self-defense purposes implicit in Article Four of the original NATO Treaty and altered substantially the very purpose of the NATO Alliance from one of collective self-defense of member territory to international crisis management and humanitarian relief operations. As a matter of fact, I think the Strategic Concept is reflective for the most part in reference to a speech the President gave over 2 years ago at The Hague outlining what he thought the Strategic Concept and the new goals of NATO should be.  Additionally, I believe the new Concept document is not merely a tool for justifying existing extraterritorial NATO deployments of American military forces, but is a precedent toward formalizing as U.S. policy the lazy tendency of this Administration and yes, others to rely increasingly on the military services to solve social and political problems in Europe and elsewhere. Problems, I would say, Mr. President, for which other instruments of power are clearly better suited for those tasks.  I want to assure my colleagues, Mr. President, I have decided to submit my amendment as a Sense of the Senate because my objective is not to brazenly force the President to do something he, in his authority as Chief Executive to represent the nation in foreign affairs, has decided not to do or would not do. However, I am trying to encourage the Administration to be clear with the Congress and the American people--indeed to seek our consent and the public's approval--in regards to this national security policy divergence.  I am sure opponents of my amendment will argue that the new Strategic Concept of 1999 is only that, a concept, an intellectual exercise, mere musings as to future security challenges in the North Atlantic region. I disagree. My colleagues, do not let the title fool you! The 65-point document states its intent is to be a ``guide that expresses NATO's enduring purpose and nature and its fundamental security tasks, identifies the central features of the new security environment, specifies the elements of the Alliance's broad approach to security, and provides guidelines for the further adaptation of its military forces.'' That is a direct quote.  For a Congress constitutionally required to provide funding for and oversight to the Departments of State and Defense, those are specific purposes and very clear intentions.  I am sure some opponents will also argue that regardless of the specificity of the new Strategic Concept, it is not a formal treaty and therefore should not be sent to the Senate. I really think that is putting the cart before the horse. First, let's get our definitions straight. The U.S. Department of State Circular 175, Procedures on Treaties, defines a treaty as ``an international agreement regardless of title, designation, or form whose entry into force with respect to the United States takes place only after the Senate has given its advice and consent.''  I will certainly concede that the new Strategic Concept is not a treaty per se, that that is only because the Senate has not given nor had an opportunity to give its advice and consent. If we formally adopted the logic that the President should only send actual treaties to the Senate, the treaty clause of article II of the Constitution would become irrelevant, contrary to the framers' intent.  My point is that the decision of the President to submit an international agreement to the Senate is largely a political decision. Nonetheless, when a document tacitly commits the United States to a new strategic direction in Europe, it should contain the Senate's stamp of approval. It does not have it.  Opponents of my amendment will further argue that the new Concept is not even an international agreement, much less a potential treaty. I believe any document that contains even tacit commitment by the United States and other nations to engage in new types of NATO missions outside the domain of the original treaty, as well as the commitment to structure military forces accordingly, can be considered an international agreement.  Incidentally, the U.S. Department of State Circular 175, Procedures on Treaties, also sets forth eight considerations available for determining whether an agreement or an accord should be submitted to the Senate for ratification. Among them: The extent to which the agreement involves commitments or risks affecting the Nation as a whole--if that is not a description of Kosovo, I do not know what it is--whether the agreement can be given effect without the enactment of subsequent legislation by the Congress; past U.S. practices as to similar agreements and the preference of Congress as to a particular type of agreement.  In mentioning these criteria, I must note that last year Senators Cleland, Snowe, and I attempted to clarify administration policy in the use of military force by attaching several consulting requirements to fiscal year 1999 defense spending legislation.  My question is: In order to determine what the strategic plan is, what our obligations are, what we are doing in Kosovo and other areas of the world, does that have to be done each year? Let's get the Senate involved at the outset. It is the Strategic Concept that is at the genesis of this kind of policy.  The first State Department consideration is the most significant for purposes of our discussion. I genuinely believe that the new Strategic Concept of 1999 and its predecessor document, without question, involved commitments and risks affecting the Nation as a whole. In fact, I could not have put it more succinctly. That is one of the reasons our distinguished chairman, Senator Warner, wrote to the administration on this issue as the recent NATO summit, the 50-year anniversary, approached. He knew the document's revision was very imminent. He wanted to have a debate here in the Congress before moving forward with the other 19 nations. I commend our chairman for his knowledge, his foresight, and his leadership on this issue.  As for the second State Department consideration I mentioned, the new Concept of 1999 probably cannot be given effect without the enactment of subsequent legislation by the Congress--without, that is, huge defense appropriation and authorization acts that try to balance the readiness and the modernization and quality-of-life requirements which this bill tries to address with numerous peacekeeping enforcement missions.  Members on both sides of the aisle may also argue--in good faith, I might add--that the Resolution of Ratification for an expanded NATO which passed this body last spring contained conditions for revising NATO's Strategic Concept which effectively constitute a Senate endorsement of the new Strategic Concept of NATO.  Again, I disagree. When we compare the actual text of the new Concept and the Resolution of Ratification adopted only last year, not only do we see the complete abandonment of the original 1949 treaty, but it is also a document that has gone way beyond what the Senate actually intended.  Section 3 of the Resolution of Ratification as passed by the Senate April 30 of last year contained the following conditions for the new Strategic Concept. Let's compare these with the Concept document. The Ratification Resolution stated:       (1) The strategic concept of NATO: (A) Policy of the United      States toward the strategic concept of NATO--the upcoming      revision of     that document will reflect the following principles:       (i) First and foremost a military alliance: NATO is first      and foremost a military alliance. NATO's success in securing      peace is predicated on its military strength and strategic      unity.       (ii) Principal foundation for defense of security interests      of NATO members: NATO serves as the principal foundation for      collectively defending the security interests of its members      against external threats.  However, Senators, I urge you to read this--this document is on your desks--in the Strategic Concept adopted at the 50th anniversary celebration in Washington last month:       Strategic Concept point #24: Any armed attack on the      territory of the Allies, from whatever direction, would be      covered by Articles 5 and 6 of the Washington Treaty.      However, Alliance security must also take account of the      global context [emphasize the word ``global'']. Alliance      security interests can be affected by other risks of a wider      nature, including acts of terrorism, sabotage, organized      crime, and by the disruption of the flow of vital resources.      The uncontrolled movement of large numbers of people,      particularly as a consequence of armed conflicts, can also      pose problems for security and stability affecting the      Alliance. Arrangements exist within the Alliance for      consultation among the Allies under Article 4 of the      Washington Treaty and, where appropriate, co-ordination of      their efforts including their responses to risks of this      kind.  I must point out, that last phrase is completely original. There is nothing in article 4 of the original NATO treaty even remotely similar to the term ``the coordination of their efforts including their responses to risks of this kind.'' It is just not there. I cannot imagine more substantive change to the NATO treaty than adding a collective response obligation for the United States to respond to terrorism and other asymmetrical threats not only in Europe but all around the globe.  The Resolution of Ratification continues--again, that was the expansion treaty that was passed as of last year:       (iii) Promotion and protection of United States vital      national security interests: Strong United States leadership      of NATO actually promotes and protects United States vital      national security interests.       (iv) United States leadership role: [Now, this is in last      year's language in regard to the ratification of the      expansion.] The United States maintains its leadership role      in NATO through the stationing of United States combat forces      in Europe, providing military commanders for key NATO      commands, and through the presence of United States nuclear      forces on the territory of Europe.  However, 1 year later in the Strategic Concept, point No. 18 --and I urge Senators to pay attention to it:       As stated in the 1994 Summit declaration and reaffirmed in      Berlin in 1996, the Alliance fully supports the development      of the European Security and Defense Identity (ESDI) within      the Alliance by making available its assets and capabilities      for Western European Union (WEU)-led operations. To this end,      the Alliance and WEI have developed a close relationship and      put into place key elements of the ESDI as agreed in Berlin.      In order to enhance peace and stability in Europe and more      widely, the European Allies are strengthening their capacity      for action, including by increasing their military      capabilities. The increase of the responsibilities and      capacities of the European Allies with respect to security      and defense enhances the security of the environment of the      Alliance.  Now, Mr. President, the WEU will be using NATO military equipment paid for by the taxpayers of the United States. That may be proper, that may be a role for NATO, but I think we need to review that proposal.  The Resolution of Ratification of last year does continue:       (v) Common threats: NATO members will face common threats      to their security in the post-Cold War environment      including--       (I) the potential for the re-emergence of a hegemonic power      confronting Europe;       (II) rogue states and non-state actors possessing nuclear,      biological, or chemical weapons and the means to deliver      these weapons by ballistic or cruise missiles, or other      unconventional delivery means;       (III) threats after wider nature, including the disruption      of the flow of vital resources, and other possible      transnational threats; and       (IV), conflict in the North Atlantic area stemming from      ethnic and religious enmity, the revival of historic      disputes, and the actions of undemocratic leaders.  All that was contained in the language when we ratified the expansion in regard to that treaty last year, 1 year later.       Strategic Concept point #20: The security of the Alliance      remains subject to a wide variety of military and non-     military risks which are multi-directional and often [very]      difficult to predict. These risks include social and      political difficulties, ethnic and religious rivalries,      territorial disputes, inadequate or failed efforts at reform,      the abuse of human rights, and the dissolution of states can      lead to local and even regional instability. The resulting      tensions could lead to [the] crises affecting [the] Euro-     Atlantic stability, to human suffering, and to armed      conflicts.  Nonmilitary risks, Mr. President? Inadequate or failed efforts at reform? What are we talking about? I do not recall those phrases in the Resolution of Ratification. Why would a military alliance such as NATO care about a nonmilitary risk? What is a nonmilitary risk anyway?  The Resolution of Ratification continues, as of last year:       (vi) Core mission of NATO: Defense planning will affirm a      commitment by NATO members to a credible capability for      collective self-defense, which remains the core mission of      NATO. All NATO members will contribute to this core mission.  No argument there. That is the historical purpose of NATO and that is collective security.  One year later, with the Strategic Concept, while they were popping champaign corks in regard to NATO being 50 years old:       Strategic Concept point #10: To achieve its essential      purpose, as an Alliance of nations committed to the      Washington Treaty and the United Nations Charter, the      Alliance performs the following fundamental security tasks:       Deterrence and defense: To deter and defend against any      threat of aggression against any NATO member state as      provided for in Articles 5 and 6 of the Washington Treaty.       Crisis management: To stand ready, case-by-case and by      consensus, in conformity with Article 7 of the Washington      Treaty, to contribute to effective conflict prevention and to      engage actively in crisis management, including crisis      response operations.  I am glad to see that deterrence and defense is still there. But, again, this emphasis on conflict prevention and crisis management is extremely disconcerting and not consistent with the Resolution of Ratification that was passed in the Senate as of last year.  The Resolution of Ratification continues--we are talking about section 7:       (vii) Capacity to respond to common threats: NATO's      continued success requires a credible military capability to      deter and respond to common threats. Building on its core      capabilities for collective self-defense of its members, NATO      will ensure that its military force structure, defense      planning, command structures, and force goals promote NATO's      capacity to project power when the security of a NATO member      is threatened, and provide a basis for ad hoc coalitions of      willing partners among NATO members. This will require that      NATO members possess national military capabilities to      rapidly deploy forces over long distances, sustain operations      for extended periods of time, and operate jointly with the      United States in high intensity conflicts.  However, 1 year later, in the Strategic Concept point No. 49:       In contributing to the management of crises through      military operations, the Alliance's forces will have to deal      with a complex and diverse range of actors, risks, situations      and demands, including humanitarian emergencies. Some non-     Article 5 crisis response operations may be as demanding as      some collective defense missions. Well-trained and well-     equipped forces at adequate levels of readiness and in      sufficient strength to meet the full range of contingencies      as well as the appropriate support structures, planning tools      and command and control capabilities are essential in      providing efficient military contributions.  I do not know how this Nation is to fund, structure, and train U.S. military forces to manage parochial crises in Europe, no matter how small, through military operations. Nor do I think that is the best use of our forces, if you consider already we must meet the two major regional conflict response thresholds within serious budget constraints.  Again, I do not see this use of military forces endorsed in the Resolution of Ratification that the Senate passed last year. The Resolution of Ratification does continue:       The fundamental importance of collective defense:  This was last year.       The Senate declares that--       (i) in order for NATO to serve the security interests of      the United States, the core purpose of NATO must continue to      be the collective defense of the territory of all NATO      members; and       (ii) NATO may also, pursuant to Article 4 of the North      Atlantic Treaty, on a case-by-case basis, engage in other      missions where there is a consensus among its members that      there is a threat to the security and interests of NATO      members.  However, once again, in the Strategic Concept, 1 year later, at the celebration, the 50-year celebration, No. 48:       The maintenance of the security and stability of the Euro-     Atlantic area is of key importance. An important aim of the      Alliance and its forces is to keep risks at a distance by      dealing with potential crises at an early age. In the event      of crises which jeopardize Euro-Atlantic stability and could      affect the security of Alliance members, the Alliance's      military forces may be called upon to conduct crisis response      operations. They may also be called upon to contribute to the      preservation of international peace and security by      conducting operations in support of other international      organizations, complementing and reinforcing political      actions within a broad approach to security.  What do we mean by this--``keep risks at a distance by dealing with potential crises at an early stage''? Isn't that the job of diplomacy? Anyway, the list of inconsistencies between the Resolution of Ratification and the new Strategic Concept of 1999 goes on and on and on.  I have taken a great deal of time of the Senate and my colleagues to be specific about this. Even if they were more consistent, it does not change the fact that the Strategic Concept of 1999 fundamentally alters the nature and the domain of the original treaty that this Senate ratified just a year ago.  So, in closing, I think my bipartisan amendment, warrants support because it is time to go on record that the Senate insists that changes to the original scope and purpose of the alliance go through proper channels, specifically article II, section 2, clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution.  I yield the floor.  