It was my intent to direct it to White House counsel. I do not know what the proper procedure would be at this time.  The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is there any objection to the White House counsel answering the question at this time?  Without objection, the White House counsel may answer.  Mr. Counsel RUFF. Thank you, Mr. Chief Justice. This may be a moment worth noting in the proceedings because in essence I think we are in agreement with Mr. Manager McCollum.  I would perhaps only do this, and that is, to note with some greater emphasis Mr. Jordan's testimony, which we will be glad to highlight if we have another opportunity here, that indeed he has regularly and frequently assisted young people, and not-so-young people, in finding jobs.  Again, I couldn't tell you whether any of them had been an intern at any time. I would only note that, of course, Ms. Lewinsky was not an intern at the time Mr. Jordan was helping her, but rather was an employee of the Pentagon.  But beyond that, and perhaps with somewhat greater emphasis on Mr. Jordan's emphasis on behalf of young people in the city, I am in essential agreement with Manager McCollum.  The CHIEF JUSTICE. This is a question from Senators Dodd and Levin to the House managers:       On page 11 of House committee report accompanying H. Res.      611, the report states that Judge Susan Webber Wright issued      her order ``on the morning of December 11th.'' Will the      managers now acknowledge that the report was factually      incorrect? Yes or no?  Mr. Manager HUTCHINSON. Thank you, Mr. Chief Justice. If I look back at the facts of this--of course, I have explained earlier today that the action on the 11th was initiated or triggered by the witness list that came in on December 5, that the President knew about it at the latest on December 6.  On the 11th, Judge Wright entered an order in that case which allowed the Jones lawyers an opportunity to ask questions about the prior relationships with other Federal employees or State employees.  