Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, there are two flaws in the gentleman's argument. The first flaw, we ought to go back to why the Kelo case got to the Supreme Court.  Mrs. Kelo owned a house. She didn't want to sell it. What the city decided is that the public purpose that was served was by condemning the house and allowing an office building to be built so that the community could collect higher property taxes because the office building would end up being assessed at a greater value than Mrs. Kelo's house. Now, that was the so-called public purpose.  The thing is, without this legislation, any property that could be taxed higher if it were condemned and there were a replacement property that was put up could end up being condemned under the Kelo decision, and the homeowner would be out of luck and out of their house and have to find some more housing.  The second complaint the gentleman from New York makes is that the penalties for violations are too severe. Well, you don't change the activity of anybody if there are no penalties at all or the penalty is just a tap on the wrist. Just think of what would happen if we still had a law that said that everybody had to stop at a red light, but there was never a fine or any points or any impact on one's insurance policy because there was no moving vehicle violation. Good luck everybody in this country getting home from work tonight if that were the attitude toward traffic violations. There has to be some kind of a severe violation.  If the city is concerned that they might be violating the terms of this bill, they can always go to court and ask that their condemnation action be withdrawn. Hopefully, the judge will grant it to be withdrawn with prejudice, but at least it can be withdrawn.  The city can stop this procedure any time they want to before there is an actual condemnation judgment that is entered by the court. This is designed to slow down and stop legislation when the sole public purpose is to collect more property taxes because there is a more expensive structure that is being built there.  Both of these arguments, I think, do not have any merit whatsoever and that is why this bill ought to pass.  Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time.  