This bill would ensurethat families who receive a diagnosis of Down Syndrome or any other condition, prenatally or up to a year after birth, receive information, referrals and support in a number of ways.  I first introduced the House companion bill in 2005. Research has indicated that when parents are confronted with a complex prenatal test result indicating their child may be born with a level of disability, they're not receiving comprehensive information regarding the accuracy of the test, nor are they receiving up-to-date information regarding life expectancy, developmental potential or quality of life of individuals with these disabilities.  Mothers of children born with Down Syndrome have reported that doctors did not tell them about the potential of people with Down Syndrome, nor did they feel like they received contact information for parent support groups. This is unfortunate, particularly in light of mothers reporting that the shortcomings were happening at an emotional time.  This Act will require health care providers who deliver a positive test diagnosis to also deliver referrals to key support services in the community, as well as up-to-date science-based information about the life expectancy, developmental potential and treatment options for individuals with prenatally diagnosable conditions. The accuracy and integrity of this information is of the utmost importance.  Patients would be provided with support through the Centers for Disease Control patient and provider outreach programs. A hot line and Web site for newly diagnosed patients would be established, and peer support groups and network would be formed to provide personal support.  My wife, Cheryl, has a sister living with Down Syndrome. I have witnessed firsthand what a wonderful and capable woman my sister-in-law has become. Tara Rae Warren completed her high school education, is financially independent, and lectures to students of special education on the challenges of the disability. Cheryl's family has always been there for her, and we have worked through the challenges by having a positive support structure.  My hope is that all families with diagnosed children can gain access to positive current information and the network of supportive families. Informed decision-making is better for everyone involved.  I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this important bill.  