 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution and in solidarity with the Tibetan people in this trying time. The recent events in Tibet have captured the attention of this body and the American people. We as Americans are both saddened and outraged by the Chinese Government's crackdown on peaceful protests in Tibet.  This body must be clear in its support of fundamental human rights. Tibetans deserve the right to preserve their culture, heritage, language, and religion.  The Chinese Government has argued that this crackdown was in response to violent protest by the Tibetan people. However, the government dismissed outside journalists from the region and has restricted their ability to accurately report on the situation. Meanwhile, Americans traveling in China in recent weeks have revealed that their televisions went black when the international media reported on Tibet.  This restriction of freedom is consistent with China's historically abysmal human rights record. While it would be simpler to believe that the Chinese Government's assertion that its crackdown was a just response to violent protest, the very fact thatChina has gone to such great lengths to control the flow of information on the protests makes such an assertion a great stretch of credulity.  I had the honor of meeting with Tibet's spiritual leader and historic head of state, the Dalai Lama, last month shortly after the protests began. His Holiness made very clear his opposition to the acts of violence taking place in Tibet. Since his exile 49 years ago, the Dalai Lama has consistently advocated for a peaceful resolution to the tension between Tibet and China. If there is to be a real solution to the problem, the Chinese Government must engage in dialogue with the Dalai Lama with the intention of finding a lasting resolution for both parties.  In the coming months, China will open its doors to the world and show its best face. We've heard a lot in this country recently about transparency, and this body responded by implementing greater transparency in our government. Now is the time for China to take responsibility for its actions and implement heightened transparency to the world community on the situation in Tibet and on the conduct of its own government.  The stage is set for China to demonstrate a newfound commitment to human rights and peace. This institution and the world are watching expectantly. Let us hope that the Chinese Government receives the message loud and clear that all pressures remain on the table in protecting the rights of the Tibetan people.  Madam Speaker, the Tibetan people have waited 49 years for their freedom. Their patience is wearing thin. If China wishes to be considered an equal among the leaders of the world, it must act like one by standing for basic human rights in Tibet.  