Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong support for House Resolution 861.  Answering questions at a September 27 Pentagon press conference, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Richard Myers, said, ``If we are not successful in the global war on terrorism, then our way of life is, indeed, at stake. My view is, if terrorism wins in Iraq, the next 9/11 is right around the corner. It's just that simple,'' he said.  This is the sober reality we face. Our safety at home and the cause of freedom abroad is largely contingent upon our success in Iraq. Our enemies would like nothing better than to seize upon the unrest in Iraq, drive coalition forces away, and take refuge in another autocratic regime like the former Taliban and Baathist Parties, from which they could have greater wherewithal to kill Americans and our allies. We must fight and win the battle against terror overseas so we never have to fight it here at home.  As we have moved to restore order and stability to the region, our temporary presence has drawn thousands of al Qaeda disciples to Iraq to capitalize on what began as a small and anticipated homegrown insurgency by Saddam Hussein's fiercest loyalists. Now Iraq is al Qaeda's center of gravity, and we must do all that we can to secure and stabilize Iraq and its promising new government, defeating agents of terror on fronts abroad so they never again strike us here at home.  We must also remember that it is not a war of our choosing. al Qaeda declared war against the United States more than a decade ago and launched tactical strikes against Americans and our interests throughout the 1990s. Whether or not Iraq was directly involved in the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, our operations in that nation have become a war against terrorists who have already attacked this country.  It is essential to the security of the American people and to the world's security that the United States together with its allies take the battle to the terrorists and to those who provide them assistance.  Therefore, I do not believe it is in our national interest to arbitrarily set a date for withdrawal until our mission is complete. House Resolution 861 makes it clear that the American people are determined to prevail in Iraq and other fronts to protect our freedom and defeat terrorist enemies. To achieve this goal, we must remain engaged, patient, and persistent.  