Mr. Chairman, I am pleased that the House today took essential steps to make college tuition more affordable for middle and low-income students. Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations.  H.R. 609, the College Access and Opportunity Act, will expand access to higher education for millions of students by strengthening Pell Grants, improving access for non-traditional students, reducing red tape, and instituting transparency in tuition costs.  As a cosponsor of this legislation, I am especially pleased that the legislation will strengthen college access programs such as TRIO and GEAR UP. These are important programs that have benefited students in my district, aiding in their ability to attend college.  I would like to mention two provisions in the bill that were brought to my attention by small, independent colleges in my district. Their concerns centered around the affordability provision and the ability for States to become accreditors. There was great fear that the publishing of tuition rate increases and other financial information could lead to a price control or other Federal intervention in tuition increases. Also, there was apprehension that States could be granted the ability to intervene in the accreditation process of private institutions or offer incentives for institutions to choose State accreditation over other regional options.  I appreciate the Committee on Education and the Workforce for their willingness to address the concerns of these institutions. Chairman McKeon's Managers' Amendment made great strides to ease the burdens that both of these provisions could have potentially placed on higher education institutions. The Manager's Amendment makes changes to the penalties for offending institutions and expressly forbids States to offer incentives to encourage schools to choose State accreditation.  I originally filed an amendment with the Rules Committee to address the concern of State intervention in the accreditation process, but the changes by Chairman McKeon were sufficient to ease my concerns. The bill in its current form will prohibit potential overreaching by State accreditors.  The College Access and Opportunity Act addresses the important need to make higher education more affordable and easier to access for low and middle-income students. I am proud to support this legislation and am hopeful that it will sufficiently boost the competitiveness of American students in the global economy.  