Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and friend Mr. Davis for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and delight that I rise with my colleague Mr. Kingston of Georgia to offer H. Res. 875, a resolution commemorating the 125th anniversary of Spelman College. I must also thank Mr. Price and Mr. Gingrey of Georgia for being here to participate in the passing of this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, not so long ago, 50 years ago, in many parts of the American south, black women had limited options when it came to furthering their education after high school. Just 50 years ago, black women were turned away from many colleges and universities throughout the south. They were turned away not because of a low GPA, not because of inferior SAT scores and not for submitting a poorly written essay with their application. So many of these students were turned away simply because of the color of their skin.  Mr. Speaker, fortunately, since 1881, Spelman College has been here to provide hope, opportunity and a bright future for women of color. Created for the purpose of educating African American women and girls, Spelman is part of the Atlanta University Center, which is the largest concentration of historic black universities and colleges in the Nation. Spelman College is located in Atlanta, Georgia, and I have the privilege of representing Spelman as part of my congressional district. Spelman has a very diverse student population from 41 States and 15 foreign countries. It has been ranked among the top 75 liberal arts colleges in the Nation by U.S. News and World Report.  Mr. Speaker, one of the many things that I admire about Spelman College is that its students are encouraged to pursue the study of fields where minorities and women are often underrepresented. This is evident in Spelman's continued emphasis on exposing black women to the fields of science and engineering. Spelman has established a partnership with NASA, and it is one of six institutions designated by the National Science Foundation and NASA as a model institution for excellence in undergraduate science and math education.  Mr. Speaker, last summer, Spelman College made history when six Spelman women qualified for the International Robo Cup 2005 Four-Legged Robot Soccer Competition in Japan. They were the first and only historically black college and university, the only all-women institution and the only United States undergraduate institution to qualify for this tournament.  Mr. Speaker, under the leadership of current Spelman's president, Dr. Beverly Daniel Tatum, I have every confidence that the institution will continue to excel. Dr. Tatum's extraordinary vision for the college will enable Spelman to make extraordinary contributions to our Nation for another 125 years and beyond. I want to congratulate President Tatum for creating and executing the Spelman ALIVE initiative that promotes the following ideas for Spelman: Academic excellence, Leadership development, Improving our environment, Visibility of our achievements and Exemplary customer service. I understand that this program is enjoying much success.  Mr. Speaker, for 125 years, Spelman College has empowered women to fully use their talents to succeed and to better the world. For many years, Spelman College served as a refuge for black women seeking to further their education when they were turned away by others. Fortunately, times have changed, and black women have virtually unlimited options when it comes to pursuing a college education today.  Nevertheless, Spelman's impact on our society remains as important as ever. As one of two historically black women's colleges in the Nation, Spelman College has a rich and historical legacy that we must continue to celebrate.  So, Mr. Speaker, I ask and urge all of my colleagues in the House to join me and Congressman Kingston in commemorating the 125th anniversary of Spelman College and in supporting this resolution.  