Madam Speaker, joining me tonight are Mr. Scott and Mr. Bishop from Georgia.  Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to tell you about a bad deal, a very bad deal. You may have read about the recent unwanted, unsolicited and unnecessary bid from U.S. Airways to take over a strong, proud, Georgia company named Delta Airlines.  But Americans have learned the hard way that bigger is not always better, and in this case, Delta's takeover by U.S. Airways will have a devastating impact on the people of Atlanta, on the east coast of this country, and it will rob the American travelers of the economic advantages that competition creates.  Mr. Speaker, today I represent thousands of Delta employees all over Georgia, hundreds of Delta pilots, and the executive leadership of that organization. Delta employees and its executive are working through some difficult problems right now as they reshape the company, but when it comes to this merger, they speak with one strong and mighty voice.  Management and employees agree on this. None of them are for this deal. I think that speaks volumes, Madam Speaker. It demonstrates how deeply they believe this takeover will impair the quality of airline transportation in our country.  You may have heard that Delta had run into some problems and was going through bankruptcy proceedings, but it is about to emerge from this bankruptcy a stronger, better airline, with a renewed commitment to serve the American people, American travelers and world travelers.  Delta had problems but it was not a failing company. They have used the hardship of bankruptcy to make tremendous progress. In spite of its challenges, it has created 70 new international destinations. It offers service to all 50 States. Employee morale has improved. Pensions for 90,000 employees and retirees were saved, and 2,500 pilots, machinists and other employees have been called back to work.  It is because of the sacrifice of Delta employees and executives to make good on its commitments to its creditors that it became a prime target for this hostile merger. It is because Delta was able to win the uphill battle of bankruptcy and is poised to emerge transformed that U.S. Airways want to take it over against its will. That is not right, that is not fair, and that is not just.  This is not a case of the survival of the fittest. U.S. Airways is in trouble. It has already gone through two bankruptcies and cannot seem to bring its merger with America West to a close.  In 2004, U.S. Airways was on death's doorstep. It had no choice but to merge with America West. It would have had to liquidate all its assets if it had not merged with another company, but 2 years later, the integration of U.S. Airways and America West is still not complete. The majority of its labor groups are still working under separate contracts. It still has two IT systems. U.S. Airways has not even repainted all of its aircraft.  Madam Speaker, even though U.S. Airways cannot seem to manage its own merger, it is hoping and praying that it can take advantage of the hard work and tough sacrifices the good people of Delta have already made so that it can survive. This is not a win-win situation. It is a win for U.S. Airways and an incredible risk for Delta Airlines and for all of its customers.  It is a risk for the people of Atlanta, a risk for Hartsfeld-Jackson Airport, the largest commercial airport in the world. It is a risk for the State of Georgia and thousands of American citizens.  At this time, Madam Speaker, I want to yield to my colleague and friend from the State of Georgia (Mr. Scott).  