 This is English as the national language amendment. We talked about it at length last night. It has been very popular and enjoyed the support of most of the Members in the Senate today.  We heard the other night when the President made his speech, among other things:       . . . an ability to speak and write the English language is      very significant . . . English allows newcomers to go from      picking crops to opening a grocery . . . from cleaning      offices to running offices . . . from a life of low-paying      jobs to a diploma, a career, and a home of their own.  He also said:       Every new citizen of the United States has an obligation to      our customs and values, including liberty and civic      responsibility, equality under God and tolerance for others      and the English language.  I recall President Clinton standing on the floor and making the statement about the responsibility of new people coming into this country. He said:       . . . they have the responsibility to enter the mainstream      of American life. That means learning English and learning      about our democratic system of government.  Many others have been quoted, going all the way back to Teddy Roosevelt, that we must also learn one language. That language is English.  This has been aired quite a number of times. In 1997, Senator Shelby offered the amendment and never got a vote on the amendment, but he did have a number of Democrats and Republicans as cosponsors of the amendment. We currently have Senators Byrd, Bunning, Burns, Chambliss, Coburn, Enzi, and Sessions as cosponsors of this amendment, and we have not made an effort to get more cosponsors which we will do prior to bringing it up after the Kennedy amendment.  The time has come to go ahead and do it and quit talking about it. This time is now.  There has been a lot of polling data that shows that the vast majority of Americans, the most recent one being the Zogby poll only a couple of months ago, 84 percent of Americans want this as the language. Interestingly enough, when they segregate out the Latinos who responded to the polling, over 70 percent in many polls--which I will go over when there is more time--support this as our national language.  