President, let me tell you something about what is about to happen if the unanimous consent request goes through. It is a significant bill. We have been working on it now during the last three authorizations, since the year 2000. Now, for 3 years, we have been working on this bill. We have had incredible cooperation, as everybody in the Chamber knows. It is always difficult to get something like this through, but it is necessary to keep this country moving.  I will single out the members of the committee. I chair the Environment and Public Works Committee: Senators Thune, DeMint, Vitter, Warner, Isakson, Chafee, Murkowski. And Senator Voinovich of Ohio has been particularly helpful on this. He has a lot of interest in this bill. Of course, more than anybody else on the Republican side, Senator Bond, who is chairman of the subcommittee, has been very helpful.  The big four in this case, of course, would be Senators Bond, Baucus, Jeffords, and myself. We have worked closely together to overcome some of the obstacles. Early on, there were several holds on this bill because it is complicated. It is one that almost is of the magnitude of the Transportation reauthorization bill. But we had several people who had concerns and we worked with them, including Senator Snowe, who was nice enough to help us with some of the facets she had objections to; Senator Sessions; Senator McCain; and, of course, the Democratic members of the committee who worked so well, including Senator Carper and Senator Lieberman, and Senators Clinton, Lautenberg, and Obama. Everybody was there working together. It was quite an undertaking to get us to the point where we are today.  I will single out several others. Senator Gregg had some concerns also. Probably one of the persons I was really gratified to work with is Senator Feingold, the Senator from Wisconsin. I thank him for his cooperation. He had a number of amendments that I thought would be more than we could really handle. We had to get the number down to a certain number that is workable so we could have a time agreement to get this bill passed. I thank Senator Feingold for his cooperation and for agreeing to offer limited amendments under short time agreements. If he wanted to be hard to get along with, he could have had long agreements and this would have gone into many nights. He didn't do that. He agreed to short time agreements, which will make this possible to pass. His willingness to work with us is very much appreciated by me.  Over the past few months, he consistently has been helpful and responsive in working on the WRDA bill. I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for his cooperation.  This is going to be the first time that we have a lot that we need to authorize the Corps of Engineers to do in navigation flight control and environmental restoration. This bill will allow us to do that. I thank everybody for his or her cooperation. Let's go forward.  