President, first of all, let me say I have listened with some interest. Unfortunately, the committee I chair has had meetings all day, and I have not had a chance to really get involved in this discussion. But I have been listening to people criticizing Secretary Rumsfeld, talking about the war, and I just wonder what war they are talking about and what Secretary they are talking about because it certainly is not what is going on right now.  I can remember so many times during the 1990s when we had this euphoric attitude that somehow the Cold War was over and so we no longer needed a military and so we knew we could do some downgrading at that time. I can remember so many times on the floor saying we will rue the day we did this, we are going to have to rebuild, not knowing at that time that this would have to be during a time of war.  At that time, our Army divisions went down by about 50 percent. The tactical air wings went down by about 50 percent. Ships went down from 600 to 300. And again, people were thinking, there is no need to have this strong of a military. And they did not seem to think there was any kind of a threat out there. Nobody really thought about what we call today the asymmetric threat.  Now, that is what Secretary Rumsfeld inherited. I remember so well, about 6\1/2\ years ago, at his confirmation hearing, I asked a question. I said: Right now, we have downgraded the military to the point where we are going to have to build it up again. And as we try to anticipate the problems we will be facing that we must prepare for today, that will come 10 years from now, you are going to have all the four star generals, who are all smart people, but they are not going to guess it right.  I can remember one time, in 1994, I was in the House Armed Services Committee, and we had someone testify that in 10 years from then we would no longer need ground troops. That was in 1994. So I asked: What is the answer to this? If we are going to try to have our kids, our troops go into the field on some future date 10 years from now, how are we going to be sure they have the best of everything?  He said: Well--I am going from memory now, but he said--all throughout the 20th century the amount we spent on defense equaled 5.7 percent of GDP. At the end of the 1990s, we were down to 2.7 percent.  I said: Where should it be?  He said: Probably, in order to be prepared for any contingency in the future, we would have to be somewhere between 4 and 4.5 percent or maybe even 5 percent of GDP.  That is the problem he inherited. And he was hired because he has had the vision to restructure this and set about doing that job some 6\1/2\ years ago.  During his first month, he called for flowcharts to be created that would detail the interdepartmental relationships at the Pentagon. What he received back looked like a bowl of spaghetti.  It was totally disorganized. He had to expose this, and we all know now what he did. He started in on reforming the Pentagon. Nobody else did it prior to him. He was the one who did it. We know the big picture changes and takes time when we shake up the very foundation of the Pentagon, but he did it. We were shifting from a division-oriented force to a modular brigade combat force, from a conventional base enemy toward an asymmetric war, while maintaining our ability as a modernized nation. Much progress has been made in the Army's system of dealing with divisions and organizing them into modular brigades, combat teams that are more capable and faster to deploy. He increased force size from 33 brigades to 42 brigades. I didn't agree with him at first.  I remember that out in Oklahoma we were shocked when he made the announcement as to one of the programs that we had, that we were working on, the development of a modern nonline-of-sight cannon called the Crusader. It was going to take us out of the World War II technology. Right now, the best thing we have in terms of artillery is the Paladin, and that is World War II technology. It is one where you have to swab the breach after every shot. That is what we were faced with at that time. I criticized him for junking that program. He had a bigger picture in mind. It was a future combat system for the Army.  He looked at the Navy and said the biggest problem was spare parts. Donald Rumsfeld concentrated on that and now has ships ready to be deployable. Another change in the Navy was instead of bringing a ship all the way with a crew out to a battle area, he leaves the ship there and flies the crew back and forth and increases the ship's efficiency at sea by about 50 percent. That is common sense, but it is something that nobody else did. It took Donald Rumsfeld to come along with the idea to do that.  In the Air Force, he recognized at that time that--I think it was probably under his supervision that General Jumper had the courage to stand up and say: Now we are sending our airmen out with equipment that isn't as good, potentially, as the enemy's. He talked about our strike fighters, and the best that we had were the F-15 and the F-l6. We slowed down the F-22 development, the joint strike fighter. But General Jumper stood up and said--and Rumsfeld agreed--that now the potential is that the enemy has better equipment than we do. What he was referring to was the SU series the Russians were making, SU-27s, SU-30s, and SU-35s were, in many ways, superior to what our airmen and women were flying.  So, anyway, we got this back on schedule and now we have some 66, 68 F-22s flying. I see a couple of the Senators on the floor who will join me in wanting to enhance that program of F-22s and move the joint strike fighter forward. That is something that this Secretary did, which others were not willing or capable of doing and didn't have the foresight to do.  I have to tell you this, Mr. President. I was there during the confirmation hearing, and I said publicly on the Senate floor that the liberals are not going to like Rumsfeld for one major reason: they cannot intimidate him. He is not one to be intimidated. He has stood up to them, and he tells the truth; he tells it like it is. People in politics, many times, don't like that.  Turning to Iraq, the positive things that have changed in Iraq are economic change, where the economy is recovering after 30 years of a bloody dictatorship that we are aware of. In 2005, the Iraqi economy grew an estimated 3 percent. It is estimated to be some 10 percent in 2006. The International Monetary Fund is anticipating that. Under Saddam Hussein's regime, the Iraqi standard of living deteriorated rapidly. The per capita income there dropped from $3,800 in 1980 to $715 in 2002. Today, the economic recovery is picking up, with GDP growing from $18.9 billion in 2002 to $33 billion in 2005.  I have to say this, also. So many of the people who criticize what is going on over there in the war don't go over there and see. If you watch CNN and the networks and read the New York Times, you will not get an accurate picture of what is going on. I have been there more than anybody else. I have been in the Iraqi AOR 11 times, during all of the elections. I was in Fallujah during that election. I recall very well a general there named Mahi, who had been the brigade commander for Saddam Hussein; he had hated Americans. He hated Americans until the Marines went into Fallujah and started this embedded training. He learned to love them so much that he looked across at me and he said, ``When they rotated the Marines out, we all cried.'' Then he renamed the Iraqi security forces in Fallujah to be the Iraqi Marines.  Then, up in Saddam's hometown, I was there when they blew up some of the Iraqi security forces who were training. Forty were either killed or near dead. What you didn't get in the media was the success story, the support from the Iraqis. Each family of the ones who were killed in Tikrit supplied another member of the family to take the place of the one who died. You don't see that in the news. I was fortunate to have arranged to be there at the same time that their Government took over. The Prime Minister, Defense Minister Jasim, and the National Security Advisor were there. I asked them basic questions. Some are talking about the civil war that is going on. A civil war is not going on. If you go there and sit down and talk to them, I believe it was Jasim who said that he is Shia and his wife is a Sunni. He didn't even know what some of the other members of the Cabinet were. I wasn't sure I believed this, I say to my friend from Alabama. I went out on my own with an interpreter and I saw an honor guard force, the very elite of the group; there were nine of them. One was the leader. I said to the leader: I would like to know about the civil war, about what is happening between the Shia and the Sunnis. He said: That is just not a real thing. I have been with these guys 8 days now, and I cannot tell you which are Shia and which are Sunni. He said--and this is interesting because he repeated what Dr. Rubai said--he said: That is a Western concept.  I wish that some of these people who are criticizing what is going on would hear the testimonials we hear. A woman told me ``now my daughter can get married.'' I said: Why couldn't she get married before? She said it was because the wedding celebrations take place outdoors. Many times, the forces would come by--and we know, of course, Saddam's sons would capture and rape all of the girls and bury them alive. That is not happening anymore. For the first time, we have women going to school there. You have to go there and talk to them before you realize it.  The security forces that we criticize on the floor of the Senate are up now to 275,000 trained and equipped. I have talked to them, visited with them. I was in Fallujah when they voted. They voted 2 days ahead of time because they were risking their lives to vote. They are looking forward to the day when they are going to be able to take care of their own security. It is difficult for people to say when that day is going to come. That is a military decision. Many of the military people tell me that when they have 10 divisionstrained and equipped, they will be able to do it. Now they have 275,000, so that would be about 325,000.  They are making great progress. I heard the distinguished minority leader of the Armed Services Committee talk about a poll taken about how the Iraqi people are responding to us. If a question is worded: Do you want to have the coalition forces here from now on? Of course, they don't. They are a very proud people. They want to take care of their own problems. But they are not ready for us to leave right now. In a poll taken about two trips ago, they said 94 percent of the Iraqis support a unity government. Now they have that unity government.  In the same poll, 78 percent of the Iraqis said they were opposed to Iraqis being segregated by religion or ethnicity. And so we can show you that the Iraqi people are so appreciative. It is spooky when they recognize you as an American and come running up to you. You never know for sure what they have with them. But they come up and embrace you and they are recognizing that what we and the coalition forces have done is a remarkable thing.  Also, what do a lot of these critics I heard on the floor have in common? They are all running for President of the United States. This is going to be their issue. If they can go to the Democrats and say, I am more liberal than anybody else, I am heading up the surrender, cut-and-run caucus, that is what they are going to try to do.  I suggest that we are very fortunate that Donald Rumsfeld was here at this time. I have thought often about what might have been the alternative. The greatest possible disservice we can do, not just to the Iraqi people but to our troops there, is to use Rumsfeld and the war for political advancement. I have spent time with them over there, and I assure you that we did the right thing.  People who say there is no connection between 9/11 and Iraq don't realize that three major terrorist camps were actually in Iraq at that time. They are not open for business anymore. So I am very proud to stand here and defend our Secretary of Defense, who has done a great job, and also to say that our troops are doing an incredible job under most difficult circumstances.  I yield the floor.  