President, first of all, let me say that I did want to get in there when the Senator from New Jersey was speaking.  They keep talking about 8 generals out there--8 generals out of 4,000 generals who are retired right now. Three of the eight generals who had their own political plans were using that. I have listened to that over and over again.  I have just returned from my 11th trip, I say that to my friend from Delaware, to the Iraqi AOR. The reason I have done this is so I can watch the progress that is being made--and I see the progress.  When the Senator from New Jersey stood up saying nothing has happened, consider the fact that we now have three successful elections behind us. Before each election, the Democrats on this floor said it is not going to work, they will not have a free election, it isn't going to be successful. We now have had three. I was over there. I went over the day the Ministers were ratified, and they are in there.  There are 164,000 trained and equipped troops. I think it is really bad, particularly when it is in error, for us to stand here on the floor of this Senate and say that those troops are really not trained and equipped, that they are really not serviceable for war. I have heard all kinds of things which are a great disservice to these people. I was up there in Fallujah during the last election when these Iraqi security forces were risking their lives going into town to vote.  Anyway, I went over there the other day, the day Zarqawi was killed, and I thank God that happened. It happened to be the same day that the 4 Ministers out of some 30 Ministers were confirmed. I can remember talking to them on a one-to-one basis.  Dr. al-Rubaie, the National Security Adviser for the Iraqis, is really a quality guy. I spent several hours talking to him. He projects that the number of troops in Iraq will drop below 100,000 by the end of this year. This is kind of interesting. Here we are trying to dictate terms as to when we are going to pull out when they already know when they are going to request and make a recommendation to us to pull out. The other side has it completely backward. He is saying that right now; he projects, the way we are going, that they are going to make a request by the end of this year to drop the U.S. forces and the coalition down to 100,000. That would be a reduction of 30,000. Then he says that by the end of the following year, they should be all the way out.  Dr. al-Rubaie has made it clear that a timetable has to be on Iraq's terms and that there is already a roadmap. For people who say we don't know, there is no roadmap, there is no criteria out there, there is.  Let me tell you. This is a quote from Dr. al-Rubaie. This isn't me talking, this is a quote from him. He said that Iraqi governorates must meet ``stringent minimum requirements as a condition of being granted control. Threat assessment of terrorist activities must be low or on a downward trend. Local police and the Iraqi army must be deemed capable of dealing with criminal gangs, armed groups and militia, and border control. There must be a clear and functioning command-and-control center overseen by the governor.'' He said, and this is his quote, that ``13 of the 18 provinces''--18 in Iraq, and 13--``have met'' or are close to meeting this criteria already.  One thing which has bothered me most recently is the inconsistency I have observed over time in the Democrats' position. They claim to disagree with the war in Iraq for the very same reasons that they used for supporting going into Bosnia and Kosovo. I remember them standing on this Senate floor saying that we have no reason to be going to Bosnia and Kosovo because we don't have any security interests at stake.  In 1995, President Clinton urged Congress to support involvement in Bosnia, and they agreed with his philosophy to ``stand up for peace and freedom because it's in our interest to do so.'' That sounded real good at the time. Now, when President Bush is doing exactly the same thing, they are saying: No. We have changed our position. We don't want to do that anymore.  Opponents of the war in Iraq contradict themselves.  Senator Kerry stated, on April 6 of this year, that ``the [Iraq] insurgency grew day by day to be an insurgency that is now a low-grade civil war . . . and our troops can't resolve a civil war.''  The Senator from Delaware characterized this as a civil war. This isn't a civil war. This is a war where others are going after the Iraqis. The insurgents aren't Iraqis. I don't know why people can't understand that.  Zarqawi was Jordanian, and Osama bin Laden is Saudi. There are outsiderswho caused them to coalesce into getting along better with each other. There were factions in Iraqi that you do not see today.  But Kerry endorsed involvement of U.S. troops in Bosnia and Kosovo, both of which were civil wars. Those were civil wars. This is not a civil war.  In 1995, President Clinton said that ``we must not turn our backs on Bosnia,'' which was echoed by Senator Kerry when he stated that, ``History has taught us that we can't sit idly by while people commit these incredible evil acts against humanity.'' He was talking about Bosnia and Kosovo. I would like to ask him: What evil acts are you talking about when compared to Saddam Hussein, who murdered and tortured to death hundreds of thousands of his own people; where they dropped people into vats of acid; where people were begging, before they were put into the shredders, to put their heads in first so they could die quickly; women being raped and buried alive? We have not seen atrocities such as this since Hitler in World War II. And here he was talking about things that were taking place in Kosovo and Bosnia. It wasn't happening.  Let me tell you what Dr. al-Rubaie said. He said:       There is . . . an unofficial ``roadmap'' to foreign troop      reductions that will eventually lead to total withdrawal of      U.S. troops.  The roadmap is there. It is there, and it is one which they have put down in writing.  I am going to deliver to you what Minister of Defense Jasim asked me to deliver to you--to us--in this Chamber today. He said:       Tell them their sacrifice is for a very noble cause, they      have given freedom to 26 million people. I believe they are      waging a just war for humanity. The terrorism must be stopped      or it will spread all over the world, like a carbon copy of      fascism and communism. . . . The American victims have borne      the price of a freer world. . . . We are very grateful. . . .      The war in Iraq is a just war and we have no option but      victory. It is not a war that affects Iraq alone, but is      truly a world war.       The terrorists are a sickness that must be eliminated . . .      There is great transformation taking place in Iraq but, the      international media does not focus on positive things      happening.  Here he talks about the only focus being on the negative things.  I will talk against the next amendment later.  I can tell you, after 11 trips to Iraq and the AOR, that every time I come back to this Chamber and talk about the quality of the Iraqi security forces and the successes they have had, I am very proud of them, and they are very proud of us.  