President, I know we can get bogged down. I suspect the reason this particular amendment that has been proposed numerous times in the past but not in the last 23 years, and that it is going to get bogged down on a lot of technical questions, is that perhaps some people do not want this amendment, so they come up with all kinds of technical reasons to oppose it. But what we are doing is declaring--we are making a declaration--that English is the national language for the United States of America.  We are taking the exceptions, for example, the Court Interpreters Act. Before the Court Interpreters Act passed in 1978, defendants did not have a right to an interpreter. It was up to the Court's discretion. The Court Interpreters Act protects already existing constitutional rights such as in the sixth amendment, the fifth amendment, the 14th amendment, amendments on due process. It is very important to know that is one of the many exceptions that is written into law. It is a very important exception.  You also have some exceptions found in the Voting Rights Act. Somebody mentioned this morning some disaster could take place in California, a tsunami or something such as that, and when the eviction notices come, obviously, if you are addressing Chinatown, it would be in Chinese. We know that. That protection is there.  I believe we have covered the legitimate concerns that are out there. I know there are some people who do not want this to happen who are going to vote against this. I understand that. That is what this is all about. It has been 23 years since we had an opportunity to vote for it or against it. Those of you who want to vote against it, you are going to have your opportunity at 4:15 today. In the meantime I agree with the Presidents--almost every President of the United States going back long before Teddy Roosevelt. One of the things he said is, ``We must also learn one language and that language is English.'' As we remember, President Bill Clinton in his State of the Union Message in 1999 got a standing ovation when he said that our new immigrants have a responsibility to enter the mainstream of American life. That means learning English and learning about our Democratic system of government.  I agree with that. I didn't agree with everything that President Clinton said, but I certainly was one who stood and applauded during that State of the Union Message in 1999.  I think other Presidents have done the same thing as recently as a few days ago, when our President said that an ability to speak and write the English language, English allows newcomers to go from picking crops to opening a grocery, from cleaning offices to renting offices, from a life of low-paying jobs to a diplomat career and a home of their own.  This is an opportunity. We look at people who come to this country and, oddly enough, those individuals that I have spent many hours with--I say to my good friend from Colorado that when I was mayor of Tulsa, we had never had any kind of recognition of our Latin population. Yet I knew it was a very large population. I would say to you, at that time I used to be a commercial pilot in Mexico and I actually spoke the language fairly well at that time. It has been many years, 25, 30 years, I guess. But when I became a mayor I said: I know around here we are very rich in history and have a talented bunch of people who have come here and are good citizens of our city of Tulsa. So I formed the Hispanic Commission of the city of Tulsa. This may or may not surprise you. Some of them were kind of in hiding, not even recognizing that they were Hispanics, and they came out. We had the Cinco de Mayo and all the celebrations there. It is probably the most popular thing that has ever been done in the city of Tulsa.  I went back and talked to these people. I said: Do you agree with the polling data that shows very clearly that Hispanics want to have English as the national language? And they said yes. This is a group I have been dealing with since 1978.  I think it may be someone's impression that certain extremist groups--and I am sure there are some extremist groups that have a large number of Latinos in them. They may be offended. They may not want to have this. That is fine. Let them exercise their influence on every voter, each of the 100 Members of this body. That is the way the system works.  But I will say this. Jumping from the ones I know and the ones I have had experience with back in my city of Tulsa, the Hispanic population is very proud of the fact that they are going to learn English, and it should be our national language. As recently as 2 months ago, a Zogby poll, in March of 2006, found that 84 percent of Americans, including 77 percent of the Hispanics, believe English should be the official language of Government operations. In 2002, the Kaiser Family Foundation poll--which I don't think anyone is going to question--found 91 percent of the foreign-born Latino immigrants agreed that learning English is essential to succeeding in the United States. In 2002, there is also a Carnegie/Public Agenda poll that found by a more than 2-to-1 margin, immigrants themselves say that the United States should expect new immigrants to learn English.  My favorite poll is this one. In 2004, the National Council of LaRaza found that 97 percent--strongly 86.4 percent or somewhat 10.9 percent--agreed that the ability to speak English is important to succeed in this country. That is a no-brainer. We all know that. There is not a country you go to where that is not true.  I would say this. There are 50 other countries around the world today that have English as their national language. In these countries, they expect you, when you come to their country, to learn English. But if you go to another country, if it is Italy or France or any other country, you are expected to be able to communicate in their language.  In 1988, G. Lawrence Research showed 87 percent favored English as an official language with only 8 percent opposed and 5 percent not sure. That was 1988. Very consistent; about the same numbers. A 1996, national survey by Luntz Research asked, ``Do you think English should be made the official language of the United States?'' and 86 percent of Americans supported making English the official language and only 12 percent opposed and only 2 unsure. That was 1996.  In 2000, Public Opinion Strategies, showed 84 percent favored English as the official language, with only 12 percent opposed and 4 percent not sure.  In 2004 another Zogby poll, that was a different one than the one I quoted, but 92 percent of Republicans, 76 percent of Democrats, and 76 percent of Independents favored making English the national language. Again, that was a March poll of Zogby. It is consistent throughout.  You have some things working here. You have everybody wanting it, including the Latin community. You have more than half the States, 27 of the 50 States--27 States have accepted English as an official language, including Colorado, I might add, I say to my good friend from Colorado. Let's see where Illinois is. Yes, Illinois. You don't have a problem in Illinois. You already have it as a State concept that has been accepted.  So if you have 27 States, you have 51 other nations accepting English as the national language, you have all the polling data showing this is what people want, you have an exception made so no one is going to lose anything by doing it this way, then I can only come to the conclusion that you don't want it as the national language.  That is fine. That is good. If that is the case, we are going to have a vote at 4:15 and make that determination.  Before I yield, let me ask how our time is coming along.  