President, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of S.J. Res. 1, the Marriage Protection Amendment.  I have heard people say that perhaps this issue should be left to the States. As a general rule, you will not find anyone who is a stronger supporter of States rights than I am. But this is a national issue the definition of marriage is and has been a national issue.  A May 22 Gallup Poll shows that a solid majority of Americans--58 percent--are opposed to granting gay marriages the same legal rights as traditional marriages. Additionally, same-sex couples are traveling across State lines to get married; as they do so, they will become entangled in the legal systems of other States, due to the full faith and credit clause of the U.S. Constitution. A State-by-State approach to gay marriage will be a logistical and legal mess that will force the Federal courts to intervene and require all states to recognize same-sex marriages. This is the only possible outcome.  The definition of marriage must be addressed, and it must be addressed now. The homosexual marriage lobby, as well as the polygamist lobby, shares the goal of essentially breaking down all State-regulated marriage requirements to just one: consent. In doing so, they are paving the way for legal protection of such repugnant practices as: homosexual marriage, unrestricted sexual conduct between adults and children, group marriage, incest, and bestiality. Using this philosophy, activist lawyers and judges are working quickly, State-by-State, through the courts to force same-sex marriage and other practices, such as polygamy, on our country.  In 1878, Reynolds v. United States, which upheld the constitutionality of Congress's antipolygamy laws, recognized that the one-man, one-woman family structure is a crucial foundational element of the American democratic society, and thus there is a compelling governmental interest in its preservation.  The eroding of State common-law marriage requirements comes with a price--If we can remove the opposite-sex requirement today, then what would keep us from removing the one-at-a-time requirement, or legal-age requirement tomorrow? In June of 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court signaled its likely support for same-sex marriage and Federal jurisdiction over the issue when it struck down a sodomy ban in Lawrence v. Texas.  The majority opinion extended the reach of due process and the 14th amendment of the U.S. Constitution to protect:       . . . personal decisions relating to marriage, procreation,      contraception, family relationships, child rearing, and      education,'' and then declared that ``[p]ersons in a      homosexual relationship may seek autonomy for these purposes,      just as heterosexual persons do.  In his dissent to Lawrence v. Texas, Justice Scalia pointedly cautioned:       This reasoning leaves on pretty shaky grounds state laws      limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples . . .  Additionally, there is a case pending in the Tenth Circuit where the petitioners are using the homosexual marriage lobby's success in Lawrence v. Texas to bolster their claim to a ``right'' to polygamous conduct and marriage.  Not only are Federal courts ruling in favor of such marriages, State courts are, too. In 2004, the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples could marry. The State's high court ruling clearly ignored tradition-- even its own State legislature.  Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, in his testimony on June 22, 2004, before the Senate Judiciary Committee, stated:       We need an amendment that restores and protects our      societal definition of marriage, [and] blocks judges from      changing that definition.  Not only has the Massachusetts court ruling affected that State, it has and will continue to open the floodgate of similar decisions by other State courts across the country.  Lawsuits are now pending in nine States, including my State of Oklahoma, asking the courts to declare that traditional marriage laws are unconstitutional. Same-sex couples from at least 46 States have received marriage licenses in Massachusetts, California, and Oregon and have returned to their home States. Many of these couples are now suing to overturn their home State's marriage laws. Unfortunately, using the equal protection and due process clauses in the U.S. Constitution, State and Federal courts have begun to strike down both the Federal and State Defense Of Marriage Act, DOMA, laws, which define marriage as between a man and a woman. The judicial branch is making this a Federal issue by stripping the power from the people's elected legislatures and forcing recognition of same-sex marriages.  Today, 45 States, such as Oklahoma, have statutory and/or constitutional protection for traditional marriage. On average, State constitutional amendments have passed with more than 71 percent of the vote, including with 76 percent in Oklahoma.  In societies where marriage has been redefined, potential parents become less likely to marry and out-of-wedlock births increase. According to Stanley Kurtz's 2004 article in the Weekly Standard, a majority of children in Sweden and Norway are born out of wedlock. Kurtz says:       Sixty percent of first-born children in Denmark have      unmarried parents--not coincidentally, these countries have      had something close to full gay marriage for a decade or      more.  Just last month, May, in a National Review Online article, Stanley Kurtz again addresses the issue saying:       Europe's most influential sociologists are saying much the      same things: Same-sex marriage doesn't reinforce marriage;      instead, it upends marriage, and helps build acceptance for a      host of other mutually reinforcing changes (like single      parenting, parental co-habitation, and multi-partner unions)      that only serve to weaken marriage.  In fact, liberal German sociologists, Ulrich Beck and Elisabeth Beck-Gernsheim, have openly and honestly expressed their eagerness to expand the welfare state and destroy the traditional family.  As Kurtz puts it, they want ``the government to subsidize the new, `experimental' forms of family that emerge in the aftermath of the traditional family's collapse.''  When this issue was on the floor 2 years ago, many of my conservative colleagues made statements and observations that sufficiently framed this debate.  Senator Allard, the sponsor of this amendment, believes our Founding Fathers never envisioned that we would be changing the very structure of marriage and that we would be changing this core structure of society when he said:       We are in danger of losing a several-thousand-year-old      tradition, one that has been vital to the survival of      civilization itself.  As my colleague from Kansas, Senator Brownback, said: a small group of activists and judicial elite ``do not have a right to redefine marriage and impose a radical social experiment on our entire society.''  And my colleague from Alabama, Senator Sessions, said: ``If there are not families to raise . . . . children, who will raise them? Who will do that responsibility? It will fall on the State.'' This, to me, is one of the most troubling outcomes of the whole gay marriage debate--that the State will assume the parenting role of raising and financially supporting children.  Even Senator Reid restated his personal view just yesterday, which he also expressed in 2004, when he said:       I'm personally opposed to same-sex marriage. I think a      marriage should be between a man and woman.  So when 70 percent of the voters in Nevada amended their State constitution to restrict marriage to a man and a woman, and when they further amended it in 2002 with a State defense of marriage provision, with Senator Reid's full support, some of us are confused now that Senator Reid thinks restricting marriage to a man and a woman is ``writ[ing] discrimination into the Constitution.''  I would also like to point out that several prominent, respected religious voices in our country have spoken out against the idea of gay marriage and in support of the traditional definition.  According to ``Focus on the Family,'' headed by Dr. James Dobson, family is the fundamental building block of all human civilizations.  Chuck Colson, a man who most people in this body know quite well, was the founder of Prison Fellowship. He has this to say about the prospect of gay marriage:       The redefiners of marriage are working tirelessly. Their      agenda is to tear down traditional marriage and make it      meaningless by removing its distinctives.  The Reverend Billy Graham's son, Franklin Graham, acknowledged that:       There is a real movement for same-sex marriage. We could      lose marriage in this country the way that we know it.  Finally, Dr. Jay Alan Sekulow, chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, who has argued numerous cases before the Supreme Court recognizes that ``for centuries marriage has been defined as a union between one man and one woman.''  That is really what this is all about--marriage is between a man and a woman.  Civil authority did not create marriage. Marriage predates the state.  Civil authority chose to recognize it as the preferred union between a man and a woman, because it is reproductive in nature and propagates the survival of civilization itself.  We can dance around it and try to cater to certain groups, but I find something that has served me well for a number of years when something like this comes up, and that is to go back to the Law, go back to the Scriptures.  In Genesis 2:18, 21-24, God said:       It is not good that man should be alone; I will make him a      helper comparable to him. . . . and the Lord God caused a      deep sleep to fall on Adam, and he slept; and He took one of      his ribs, and closed up the flesh in its place. Then the rib      which the Lord God had taken from man He made into a woman,      and He brought her to the man.       And Adam said, ``This is now bone of my bones and flesh of      my flesh. She shall be called woman, because she was taken      out of man.'' Therefore a man shall leave his father and      mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one      flesh. . . .  In Matthew 19:4-6, Jesus said:       Have you not read that He who made them at the beginning      made them male and female, and for this reason a man shall      leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and      the two shall become one flesh? So then, they are no longer      two but one flesh  The reason I read these two Scriptures is because they were quoted at a very significant event that took place over 47 years ago. It was when my wife and I were married.  