President, today, the significance of this resolution is something that needs the attention of this body. We are today honoring the 231st birthday of the U.S. Army.  Throughout the centuries, the noble service of Army soldiers has defended this great Nation. From the first Continental Army under GEN George Washington, to the beaches of Normandy, to the city streets of Baghdad, America's Army has protected the flame of freedom. Their sacrifice calls us all--both public and private--to the highest standard of citizenship. We enjoy our freedoms because they have been steadfast through the most difficult of circumstances and continue to spread the light of democracy to the darkest corners of the world. We stand here today because they continue to willingly put their lives in harm's way.  The Army's history is one of success. During the Mexican-American War our country expanded westward to the Pacific and south to Texas. The Philippine and Spanish-American Wars demonstrated the Army's courage against strong insurgent forces and created the vital posts that exist today in Southeast Asia. The Army continued to fight bravely in World War I and World War II to defeat the Central powers and the Axis in Europe and the Pacific. With the rise of Communism, the Army once again answered freedom's call in Korea and Vietnam.  Today, these courageous soldiers continue the great tradition by serving across the world in the war on terrorism. While the Army maintains a presence in 120 countries across the world in countries such as Djibouti, Korea, and Kosovo, the vast majority of our efforts have been focused in Iraq and Afghanistan.  I just returned from my 11th trip to the Iraqi AOR. While I was over there I observed firsthand the progress being made by our troops. The Army has taken the bulk of the responsibility, and much of what we have accomplished we owe to their outstanding service.  The Army has brought freedom to a population once under tyrannical control. Freedom shines through the recent election of officials, the formation of a constitution, and formation of the first permanent government under Prime Minister al-Maliki. Recently, the first Iraqi Ambassador in 15 years presented his credentials to the Secretary of State. We have taken out the ``prince of al-Qaida,'' al-Zarqawi. These great successes add to the longstanding tradition of our military.  Having just returned from that area, and having been there 11 times, and having talked to our U.S. Army soldiers, as well as with the other services, it is incredible that they are so much like they were in the past. I recall when I was first drafted into the U.S. Army. It was so long ago that I was drafted with Elvis Presley. And he had a little better duty than I did. Nonetheless, you learn something when you become an active member of the U.S. Army. You learn a type of discipline and a type of tradition, and that tradition stays with you all the rest of your life.  It was not long ago that my fellow Army veteran, Senator Danny Akaka, and I formed the Army Caucus to bring attention to the work of the Army in the past, the present, and in the future.  To let you know how things change, I can remember only 12 years ago, when I was serving in the other body, in the House Armed Services Committee, someone testified at that time that in 10 years we would no longer need ground troops. To let you know some of the problems we have--and the fact is, yes, there are a lot of smart people around--but nobody knows what contingencies we will have to be facing in the future. And I can assure you, as we proceed into the future, as we modernize our equipment, it will be in use again, and the U.S. Army will come through, as they always have since the days of George Washington.  As the Army continues to fight for freedom today and peace tomorrow, I salute each Army soldier for their sacrifice, dedication, and perseverance in protecting America. These soldiers are exceptional individuals who live by the values of loyalty, duty, and selfless service. It is in this spirit that the Army continues to uphold its highest values and take its rich tradition into the next 231 years.  May God bless the United States Army.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  