President, I thank the Senator from Virginia, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and also for the great job he has done in bringing this Defense authorization bill to the floor.  Mr. President, on early Thursday morning, about 5:30, my radio alarm went off and I heard the three words--al-Zarqawi is dead. I think that affected me by just hearing that. I sat up in bed, and I thought it did work. It is happening. I told the distinguished chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee that I have to go to Iraq.  The two most significant things that have happened in Iraq since bringing down Saddam Hussein happened on the same date, coincidentally. It is just remarkable: first of all, bringing down al-Zarqawi, the monster, and at the same time confirming the ministers in Iraq. We thought that would be a long, enduring battle. It sailed through, and it happened on the same day.  I can't tell you what a profound effect it had on the people of Iraq and on our troops over there. And now we find out about the surprise visit by the President. I figured out that our planes crossed on the way. I was coming back from Iraq and he was going to Iraq. If I had known that, I would have stayed. But it was a pretty well-guarded secret. Of the two places I spent most of my time, this one was where al-Zarqawi was actually killed, just a couple of miles north of Balad Air Force Base and then in Baghdad.  It was such an incredible thing to be there after it happened and to talk to the different ministers. Defense Minister Jasim is the new Defense Minister, and he had a lot of things to say. In fact, he asked me to bring back this message for the American people. I am going to read this, because this came just a few hours ago from Defense Minister Jasim to me to take to the American people. He said:       Tell them their sacrifice is for a very noble cause, they      have given freedom to 26 million people. I believe they are      waging a just war for humanity. The terrorism must be stopped      or it will spread all over the world, like a carbon copy of      fascism and communism. This is the first world war of the      21st century. The American victims have borne the price of a      freer world . . . We are very grateful . . . The war in Iraq      is a just war and we have no option but victory. It is not a      war that affects Iraq alone, but is truly a world war.       The terrorists are a sickness that must be eliminated . . .      There is great transformation taking place in Iraq but the      international media does not focus on positive things      happening. They only focus on the negative, the bad things      happening . . . what the terrorists are doing . . . they will      publish anything bad . . . They try to say Americans are      leading the way and we the Iraqis are in the back. This is      the opposite. We are in the front and Americans are in the      back.       We started with the multi-national forces in front and us      at back. Then we worked side by side as very good partners.      Now we are often in front and the multinational forces are in      a supporting role.       Your presence here is very important. From the beginning to      now, we have always had an American partner. I am sad when my      American partner leaves me. But, when he leaves and returns      to the U.S. I feel we have a voice going back to America. I      fell in love with the American people.  That is Abdul Jasim, who is the newly confirmed Minister of Defense. He said so many other things when we were there that I would like to share, but it is very difficult to do that because he was so emotional at the time.  Well, this happened to be my 11th trip over to the Iraq AOR, and I have been watching, as the months have gone by--every other month or so being over there--and seeing the differences, seeing the changes that are taking place.  Just to give you an example, one of the tests we use to determine how strong the Iraqi people are supporting us is the number of qualified tips that come in. The way they come in is where someone says, for example: There is a safe house over here. We suspect something. These are Iraqi people saying where the terrorists are. And those numbers of tips have increased tenfold in the last 12 months. I can remember when there were only 30 or 40 tips a month. There are now 5,000 tips a month, and they are qualified tips. Some of these tips led to not just bringing down al-Zarqawi but alsosome 17 others on the same day. So these things are going on. These things are happening.  As to the quality of the Iraqi security forces, I think Minister of Defense Jasim is right. He sees that our media is not accurately reporting what is going on over there. How many people in America know that as of the current time, 75 percent of the special operations by Iraqis are actually led by Iraqis, not by Americans? We are leading 25 percent. I remember when it was zero percent. Now, they are leading 75 percent. And 62 of the 112 battalions are at level 2 or level 1. That means they are capable of going out and fighting. That is half of them.  One of the statistics we got from Dr. Rubaie, who is the National Security Adviser--a real sharp guy and one who really has his hand on this--says 66 percent of the hospital beds are occupied by Americans and 34 percent by Iraqis. However, 66 percent of the surgeries are on Iraqis and 34 percent are on Americans. That kind of tells you what is happening over there and the change that is taking place. They are the ones who are doing it.  While we were over in Balad, we had occasion to learn there were several attacks on Iraqis. Some 50 Iraqis were killed last night, and they were killed by the terrorists. Here is the important thing. Zarqawi was not an Iraqi; he was Jordanian. Osama bin Laden is not an Iraqi; he is Saudi. Now, this new guy, al-Muhajer, we don't know about him. All we know is he is not an Iraqi. In other words, this is a war being waged by people from outside of Iraq on the Iraqis, and the Iraqi people are very sensitive to it. They know it.  It is interesting, one of the things the Minister of Defense said is that a lot of things are American issues, they are not really issues over there. For example, all we talk about in the media here is, well, we have the Shiites and the Sunnis, and they do not like each other. And he said that is not true at all. He said: We are Iraqis first, and then we are Sunnis or Shiites or Kurds second. To demonstrate that, there is a structure over there in Baghdad which is comparable to our Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. We stopped there. They had an honor guard there. The honor guard had nine people. They had one leader and eight others. When I asked him the question, through a translator: What about the problem that exists between the Shias and the Sunnis, he said: No, that is not true at all. He said: I am a Shia. My wife is Sunni. And I have been working on the honor guard with these people for several days here at our Unknown Soldier event, and I don't know who they are. I can't tell you who one of the eight is in terms of being a Sunni or a Shia.  So those are American problems. Those are not things resonating over there. And the quality of what they have done in terms of being quality soldiers is something the American people are not aware of. I had occasion to be up in Fallujah back when the last election took place, and I was there when the Iraqi security forces actually were doing their thing, voting. They were taking their lives in their own hands by doing it because this is Fallujah, one of the most dangerous areas over there.  They came back very proud. No one was killed while they were trying to do it. They came back and said: We are participating in an election. That was during the last election. Now everyone is confirmed. The government is in place. They know what they are doing. And the most recent thing, which you may not have heard of because it just happened, is that Dr. Rubaie, the National Security Adviser for the Iraqis, said he believes that in a matter of a very short period of time--by the end of the year--he will ask our troops to leave, except for 100,000. In other words, we are slowly bringing it down.  We have heard in the field a lot of things you do not hear when there are hearings here in Washington, DC. If you go over there and you talk to the people on the ground, talk to the commanders on the ground, they have said for a long period of time that when we can get to the point where we have 10 Iraqi divisions of trained and qualified and equipped Iraqi security forces--10 divisions--then they will be able to take care of their own security. Well, the number that equates to 10 divisions would equal 325,000 trained and equipped Iraqi troops. Well, we are right now, today, at 264,000 trained and equipped Iraqis.  Now, some of the adversaries over here say they are not really trained to do a good job, they are not really good soldiers. Let me tell you, they are. All you have to do is talk to our soldiers who train them. Now they train themselves.  Last week, I was over in Afghanistan, and they are doing a good job of training their own troops over there. And that model has worked very well in Iraq. So we are rapidly getting to that point. Will we be out altogether? No, we will not be out altogether, but they will be providing their own security. We still have troops in Kosovo and Bosnia and Sinai and other places but not providing the security. They will be providing their own security. We are getting so close to that point. What has happened in just the last few days is very significant.  So as to al-Zarqawi, there is no one who has been a more brutal terrorist than he has been. He was the No. 1 terrorist in the world, and he is down now. Al-Zarqawi was the one responsible for the assassination of our U.S. diplomat, Lawrence Foley, in 2002. We all remember the horrific things we saw: the beheading of Nicholas Berg in 2004--that was al-Zarqawi--the 2005 bombing of three hotels in Jordan, the countless bombings and terrorist attacks against U.S. forces and Iraqi civilians. He was trying to create a sectarian civil war in Iraq by murdering Shiites and acting as al-Qaida's commander in Iraq. Osama bin Laden called him the ``Prince.'' I think most people considered him, if anything, to have been even worse than Osama bin Laden. So that was a great change. That was a great victory for the coalition forces, but, more importantly, it was a victory for the Iraqi people.  So with these things happening--and you look at the good side that you do not get sometimes in the media--there are 18 provinces in Iraq, and 15 of them are relatively secure. There are hardly any incidents taking place there. Most of the problems are in just three of them. And keep in mind, these are not Iraqi terrorists; these are outsiders who are coming in. They are having a harder and harder time recruiting people to carry out their terrorist activities. We have found that recently they are actually changing their homicide vests for suicide vests so they can put them on individuals and force Iraqis to go and perform certain acts. And if they do not do it, they can, remotely, detonate and blow that Iraqi up.  So things like that are happening right now. At the same time, good things are happening with the administration. The government is in place. I cannot tell you how impressed I was personally with Dr. Rubaie. I have known him for a long period of time. And I would say that the Defense Minister, Abdul Jasim, has already acknowledged, from the quotes I have given, that he is one of our very best friends. He is the one who said al-Zarqawi was suffering from the same disease as Hitler and Stalin, and he is one who is going to finish the job that we helped them with in the beginning.  I would say this is a time when good things are happening, and we feel very good about the progress the Iraqi security forces are making, very good about the constitutional government that is in place, very good about the new Ministers who have been confirmed now. And we are light-years ahead of where we were only 6 months ago.  So this, what I have characterized as probably America being in the most threatened position we have been in in our history, is now showing that we are at the core of the terrorist activities, which is in Iraq. We are now winning. The Iraqi people are winning. So I feel very good about that.  Let me say to Senator Warner, the chairman of our committee, I am very proud of the bill we have put together. I have some amendments, and I will want to be recognized at the appropriate time to bring them up.  I ask the Senator, do you have other people coming down wanting time right now?  