President, our majority leader has been paying tribute to some great people we work with, and I agree with every word he said. However, we have somebody else who needs tribute today.  A real American hero died yesterday. That was Jeane Kirkpatrick. It happens I have been close to Jeane Kirkpatrick for a number of years. People do not realize she was born in Duncan, OK, down in the oil patch. She was the daughter of an oil field wildcatter. I knew her way back in the early stages before she was even brought up by Ronald Reagan to take the lofty positions she held. She was Ronald Reagan's foreign policy adviser in his 1980 campaign and the first woman to hold the position of U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.  When someone was asking me in the media recently what is the one thing you can say she made the greatest contribution in, I said, she is the first one who called people's attention to what the United Nations is doing, the fact that they have gotten involved in things they should not be involved in. She was one of the last stalwarts to hold out for sovereignty at the United Nations in the United States.  The Washington Times noted Jeane Kirkpatrick's eyes twinkled at the mention of the August 1984 night at the Republican National Convention in Dallas when she eviscerated the liberal Democrats as the ``blame America first crowd.'' Boy, is she right. Look what has been happening.  She was awarded the Medal of Freedom, the Nation's highest civilian honor, in May of 1985. She received her second Department of Defense Distinguished Public Service Medal and has received more medals than any other person I know in her field. In 1991, the Kennedy School at Harvard University established the Kirkpatrick Chair in International Affairs. She served as senior fellow and director of foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute. She is famous for her Kirkpatrick doctrine which advocates United States support of anti-Communist governments around the world. Along with the Empower America codirectors, Bill Bennett and Jack Kemp, she has been active up to the present time.  One of the things we worked on together was the John Bolton nomination. To me, the saddest day is when we found that John Bolton was throwing in the towel. He had been abused enough. The only way to save the United Nations was with John Bolton. She got behind him and pushed him and got him involved.  A lot of people say she is too conservative, but she has been recognized and compared to, of all people, former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan. A lot of people do not realize this, but Pat Moynihan was also an Oklahoman. The Chicago Tribune said on November 14 of this year, such distinguished ambassadors as Democrat Daniel Patrick Moynihan and Republican Jeane Kirkpatrick also were criticized for tough talk on occasion, even when their passion proved to be right on point.  In recent years, it was Jeane Kirkpatrick who called my attention to something happening--and I am not blaming anyone in this Senate. A treaty that was called the Law of the Sea Treaty received a 16-to-0 vote from the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations. People did not realize that was a treaty that would turn over to the United Nations the jurisdiction of two-thirds of the entire surface of the world and the air above it. I held hearings as a result of Jeane Kirkpatrick calling this to my attention. We were able to stop it when it was ready to be passed in the next week.  I would say we lost a real hero, a real American hero, someone who has been fighting Communists and fundamental Islamic terrorists for her entire life. She has made a great mark. I love her dearly and will certainly miss Jeane Kirkpatrick.  I yield the floor.  