I think this is a very serious thing we are getting into. I have five very important points I plan to make to respond to statements that have been made in the Chamber here. One is I think the Chairman is right when he talks about the information wasn't there, wasn't adequately discussed during the markup. One of the reasons for that is the IDA study didn't even come out until May 15, and because of that, that was not a part of the conversation.  Let me say one thing about the GAO study. I agree with the Senator from South Dakota. I am always leery of a new study that comes out the same day that an amendment is discussed and brought up in the Chamber, and that happened to be 3 days ago. I think it is quite a coincidence it came out at the same time. Having looked at the IDA study, we are on solid ground for pursuing this multiyear effort.  Let me respond to our good friend, the Senator from Arizona, on the cost overruns and the delays. I cannot remember--I have been on this Armed Services Committee for 12 years and in the House for 8 years--one system that did not go through this same thing. In the Navy alone, they had many cost overruns. The joint strike fighter, now recognized as something we desperately need and are using, probably had more cost overruns. We had the Black Hawk upgrades, the same thing there.  But the thing I remember the most is the C-17s because I was in the House at that time. It was delay after delay after delay, and stop and think, if we had at that point junked that, where would we be? Where would we have gone in Bosnia, Kosovo? Things were anticipated where we would desperately need it.  Right now we need to increase the number of planes. That I think we all know. And then we know what is happening to the C-130-R program. This is something that has been happening for a long period of time.  The third thing I want to mention is the savings. I know one of the six criteria is called substantial savings. I don't know if there is anyone who is going to be looking at this budget and accepting the fact that a quarter of a billion dollars is not substantial. But there seems to be some doubt by Senators as to whether or not these savings would actually be achieved. And if you really ask questions about it, if we really had to do this, I say to my friend from Georgia, we could write that in and say at any point when it looks like we cannot anticipate these savings, we would go back to the other type of procurement. That could be done.  Quite frankly, I think the Air Force would be willing to do that. And the figure of $225 million they and others believe and I believe is a conservative figure. So I think that would be one way to offset it.  When you look at title 10 criteria, substantial savings, we have talked about that; stability, we have talked about that, stability of funding, stability of design, we all know these things and where we are with the program.  And so I have come to the conclusion after looking at this that it does qualify for all of these criteria, but there is one thing that has not been said, quite frankly, in the right wing over here, and that is, during the 1990s I can remember standing on this floor and saying we are going to have to do something about what is happening to the modernization program because it is not just the aircraft and artillery pieces, the most modern thing we have for the artillery is the Palladin, which is World War II technology, where you have to get out and swab the breach after each shot. There are five countries, including South Africa, making a better artillery piece than we are sending out with our kids.  Then we look at the F-15 and F-16, great vehicles. We understand that. But one of the proudest moments I have had was in 1998 when we were cutting a lot of the Defense budget at thattime. We had two-star general John Jumper, who stood up and said publicly: Now we are sending our kids out with equipment that is not as good as the Russians are making. At that time, they had the Su-27; the Su-30 was not actually deployed yet, now the Su-35. And we know in one purchase--I say to my friend from South Dakota because he mentioned other countries that are buying these things--in one purchase, the Chinese purchased 230 of these vehicles. We think they are Su-30s, but we don't know.  Consequently, if you assess the judgment as someone I think we will have to accept, and that is General John Jumpers, their Su series in many ways is better than our best strike vehicles, the F-15 and F-16. That has to concern Americans.  So I think if that were the only reason to keep this on schedule, and go to a multiyear program where we enjoy the savings, that would be reason enough. As long as I am here, I am going to try to put America in a position where we have the very best of equipment with which we send our kids to battle. That is not the case today. So I strongly support the amendment and believe we should get on with it.  Mr. President, I yield back.  