LAUTENBERG. No, I will not yield. I don't have enough time, I am sorry to say. Perhaps afterwards, the Senator from Oklahoma can use his own time to have an exchange.  Secretary Rumsfeld said the war would be short. He said, ``I doubt 6 months.'' More than 3 years later, we know how tragically wrong that assessment was.  Additionally, Secretary Rumsfeld was also way off on the cost of the war. He said it would cost no more than $100 billion. But the staggering reality is that it has cost $320 billion thus far, and we expect it will get close to half a trillion dollars before this year is over.  Now we are experiencing a crisis in military recruiting. But about that, Secretary Rumsfeld is in denial. Whether in public or in private, he claims that recruiting is fine. Well, it is not. Here is the reality: The Army National Guard and Reserve are falling well short of their goals, and the only reason other branches are meeting goals is because the Pentagon has reduced the target numbers.  Eight retired generals have come forward to say what many in the military have been thinking for years, and that is: It is time for a change at the top as well as the recovery of our people back home. One of the generals, General Eaton, who served in Iraq, said the following about Secretary Rumsfeld:       In sum, he has shown himself incompetent strategically,      operationally, and tactically, and is far more than anyone      else responsible for what has happened to our important      mission in Iraq. Mr. Rumsfeld must step down.  But instead of taking a stand like the generals, we have heard our colleagues on the other side of the aisle simply repeating talking points that were handed to them by the Bush administration: ``Cut and run''--disgusting words when you look at the reflection of what is intended there.  We know this because the Secretary of Defense sent a Republican briefing booklet to Democrats by mistake last week. This briefing book is a three-ring binder of spin. It contains the same spin that we hear today from the other side of the Chamber.  Instead of developing talking points and spin for Republican Senators, we should concentrate on putting together a plan for our troops in Iraq: For our troops to come home.  I think my Republican colleagues should have stamped that briefing book ``Return to Sender'' and told the administration that they will think for themselves. That is what I would hope my colleagues across the aisle would do.  I know that they want to protect our troops and I know that they care as much about loss of life. But we have a different approach on it. We need a fresh start, honest leadership, and we are not going to get either one as long as those in charge maintain their positions.  In sum, I think it is time for Secretary Rumsfeld to go, and it is time for our troops to start to go home.  I yield the floor.  