President, I rise today, along with my colleague, Ben Nelson, to urge support for resolution designating September 13, 2006, as National Celiac Disease Awareness Day. We come before the Senate today to seek your help in raising awareness of celiac disease. Celiac disease hits very close to home for me as I have a staffer with the disease and an Oklahoma Celiac Support Group working to promote awareness in my great State. There are many groups and organizations working to promote celiac disease, and we applaud all their efforts. We would like to give special thanks to Heather Cline, President, with the Oklahoma Celiac Support Group, and Tom Sullivan, President, and Mary Schluckebier, Executive Director, with the Celiac Sprue Association, located in Nebraska, for their help with this resolution and great work promoting awareness.  Celiac disease is an autoimmune disorder and a malabsorption disease that affects an estimated 2.2 million Americans which could mean as many as 22,000 in the State of Oklahoma. Celiac disease is, essentially, intolerance to gluten, a protein found in wheat, rye, oats and barley, as well as some medicines and vitamins. When exposed to gluten, the villi of the small intestine are damaged, interfering with the absorption of nutrients. Other problems can occur as a result of damage to the small intestine, including malnutrition, anemia, lymphoma, and adenocarcinoma, osteoporosis, miscarriage and congenital malformation, and short stature. Celiac disease is also linked other autoimmune disorders such as thyroid disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, type 1 diabetes, liver disease, collagen vascular disease, rheumatoid arthritis and Sjogren's syndrome.  Celiac disease has been widely underdiagnosed and misdiagnosed until recently thanks to an increase in research regarding the disease. It is easily detectable through tests measuring the blood for abnormally high levels of the antibodies of immunoglobulin A, anti-tissue transglutaminase and IgA anti-endomysium antibodies. Of the 2.2 million Americans who have celiac disease, 97 percent are currently undiagnosed, according to the University of Chicago Celiac Disease Program. Often the symptoms are attributed to other conditions as many doctors lack sufficient knowledge about the disease. In a study published by the American Journal of Gastroenterology, the average length of time for a symptomatic person to be diagnosed with celiac disease is eleven years, dramatically increasing an individual's risk of developing more serious conditions. To compound the situation, according to a study by Dr. Allesio Fasano, published in the Archives of Internal Medicine, sixty percent of children and forty-one percent of adults diagnosed with celiac disease are asymptomatic, showing no symptoms of the disease.  Treatment for celiac disease involves following a gluten-free diet. The good news is that the treatment for celiac disease is highly effective. In most sufferers, the small intestines heal completely. However, failure to properly diagnose celiac disease could lead to some of the issues mentioned earlier, and most often malnutrition.  Awareness can go a long way toward diagnosing and treating the millions of suffers of celiac disease both in my home state of Oklahoma and across the nation. Therefore, we ask you to join us in this effort to raise awareness of celiac disease.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.  