President, I have just learned that two of our distinguished Senators, both from Massachusetts, have made the statement that they are trying to drum up support for a filibuster. This is not going to happen. I know that people get desperate. They get desperate because they are afraid something might happen to their liberal agenda. But the Constitution is very clear.  We have discussed this, we have debated this, and there is not going to be a problem there. But I think it is worth bringing to the attention of the American people that this is actually taking place right now. Nowhere did our Founding Fathers say that to confirm a judge, you had to have a supermajority, and I do not believe this is going to happen.  Let me share a couple thoughts with you. First of all, I am not a lawyer. I am not a member of the Judiciary Committee. In a way, that puts me in a position, perhaps, that is a little better than a lot of my colleagues who are. In fact, most of the people who have spoken are members of the Judiciary Committee. But, by now, we have heard so much about Judge Samuel Alito's resume, about the type of person he is. I would have to say, yes, he is guilty, he is guilty of being a strict constructionist, of being a strict interpreter of the Constitution, and he will rule according to settled law. I do not think anyone has any doubt in their mind that he would.  The problem is that some of the Democrats have made it clear they are going to make this a partisan fight, now even talking about perhaps even a filibuster. They have a litmus test. They do not confirm any nominee of any President unless that nominee makes some type of a commitment and passes a litmus test for their far-left liberal agenda, whether that is gay marriage or whether it is abortion on demand or any of the rest of it. That is really what it is about. We do not talk about this. They kind of dance around this issue, but that is the real reason they do not like this guy, because he is not going to line up and give a litmus test to some liberal agenda.  One of the things that bothers me about this is, this is all new. This did not happen in the past. I can remember when Judge Scalia was up for confirmation. People talk about Judges Scalia and Alito not just because their names sound similar, but their temperament is the same and their background is the same, their writings are the same--very similar. We went through a very long process with Judge Scalia during his confirmation, and he ended up being confirmed by a unanimous vote--a unanimous vote.  If you will remember, that is when William Rehnquist was taken from the Court and made the Chief Justice, which created the vacancy. A lot of people did not want to have someone who was a strict constructionist, but they realized he was qualified, and they realized he was appointed by a President who was a Republican, Ronald Reagan, and they went ahead and confirmed him. It was unanimous. Now this is something that is really changing now because there is no way in the world Judge Alito is going to be unanimously confirmed.  Back in the Clinton administration, I remember so well when President Clinton nominated Judge Ginsburg and then Breyer. And keep in mind, we Republicans were not real excited about that. They did not have a very conservative background, and yet they were overwhelmingly confirmed.  That is the change I see happening. It is not like it used to be. Ginsburg was 96 to 3. Breyer was 87 to 9. They were overwhelmingly confirmed.  Not too long ago, just the other day, Jeff Sessions, who is our colleague from Alabama, made a statement. He said if we really get into this thing where we are looking at it philosophically, then you are going to have to remember--and the way he worded it was--``the knife cuts both ways.'' He said if this new standard is affirmed, then it will be more difficult for future Democrat Presidents to have their nominees confirmed. I agree with this. If a Democrat President comes up and makes a nomination, we would change, the same way they are changing during this. Maybe the litmus test would be discussed at that time.  On the plane coming up here just a few minutes ago--we just landed, after this recess--my wife and I were talking about this, and I told her about the comments of Senator Sessions. I said:What I think I will do in my speech on the floor tonight on the confirmation of Judge Alito is make the statement that if they adhere to this litmus test, that if I am around--I do not think there is going to be a Democrat President, but if there is and I am still in the U.S. Senate, I am going to do the same thing. I am going to hold them to a litmus test. My wife said: No, don't do that. Don't stoop to that just because they are doing it. So I am not doing it. I learned a long time ago that--my wife and I have been married 46 years--I do what I am told.  So anyway, this is something that is a change that we have observed, and I think it warrants our consideration.  Now, the Democrats are also making outrageous accusations, trying to justify partisan votes. I believe in my heart that they do not believe these accusations they are making, but what they do want to do is have some excuse so they can go home and say, ``I voted against this guy,'' but not tell them the real reasons. Let's go over some of these accusations that are made.  I start out with Senator Kennedy, who inaccurately stated that Alito opposes the one-person, one-vote principle. I will go ahead and give the quote. Senator Kennedy, on January 9 said:       It expresses outright hostility to the basic principle of      one person, one vote, affirmed by the Supreme Court as      essential to ensuring that all Americans have a voice in      their government.  Now, the fact is, Judge Alito has stated that the principle of one person, one vote is a bedrock principle of American constitutional law. He has never taken issue with that principle. And to quote him, he said:       [T]he principle of one person, one vote is a fundamental      part of our constitutional law. . . . [and] I do not see any      reason why it should be reexamined. And I do not know that      anybody is asking for that to be done. . . . I think that is      [a] very well settled [principle] now in the constitutional      law of our country.  I would adhere to that. Well, he could not be more emphatic than that. Again, Senator Kennedy--what he said is not true. I know he wants it to be true. He wishes it were true, but it is not.  Then along came Senator Schumer from New York. In attacking Judge Alito's jurisprudence, Senator Schumer tried to paint Alito as someone who is ``too conservative.'' His statement was:       Judge Alito, in case after case, you give the impression of      applying careful legal reasoning, but, too many times, you      happen to reach the most conservative result.  Well, the fact is, Senator Schumer's characterization of Alito overlooks the bulk of Alito's record of nearly 5,000 votes as a court of appeals judge reached on the law and the facts, which are inconsistent with Senator Schumer's picture of Alito.  Now, if you question this, the statement that was made by Senator Schumer, if you believe there might be some merit to it, let's stop. The easiest way to refute that is to read an editorial that was in the Washington Post. There is not a person who belongs to this body or anyone within earshot of what I am saying right now who is going to say the Washington Post is a conservative publication or a Republican publication. It is not. Yet what they said about Alito was:       [J]udge Alito's dissents are not the work of an unblinking      ideologue. . . .[T]hey are the work of a serious and      scholarly judge whose arguments deserve respect--a respect      evident among his colleagues even when their positions      differ.  And that is not the Washington Times; this is the Washington Post making this statement. So I would say, like Senator Kennedy, that Senator Schumer, what he said is just flat not true. I am sure he wishes it were true, but it is not.  Here is another statement made by Senator Kennedy. He is trying to make a position that Judge Alito wants, through the Presidential signing statements--Presidential signing statements are statements that are made by the President when a new law is passed--to say: This is my interpretation of it. Well, he likes to imply that Alito supports giving the President absolute power. Senator Kennedy said:       You argued that the Attorney General should have the      absolute immunity, even for actions that he knows to be      unlawful or unconstitutional; suggested that the court should      give a President's Signing Statement great deference in      determining the meaning and the intent of the law; and      argued, as a matter of your own political and judicial      philosophy, for an almost all-powerful presidency.  Well, the fact is, the President's bill-signing statement is a device developed long before Alito came along.  They try to imply that he had something to do with this. This has been embraced by Democratic and Republican Presidents for years and years, all the way back to Presidents Monroe and Jackson. The suggestion that Alito somehow invented this notion is patently absurd. So, again, Senator Kennedy is wrong. His statement is not true.  He further cites false and inaccurate Knight Ridder analysis. This is rather interesting. Senator Kennedy made more outrageous statements this time about Alito's view of government searches. Senator Kennedy, on January 10:       Mr. Chairman, at this point, I'd like to include in the      appropriate place in the Record the Knight Ridder studies      that concluded that Judge Alito never found a government      search unconstitutional.  Knight Ridder's writers, Stephen Henderson and Howard Mintz, have repeatedly been accused of biased reporting on Alito's record. The National Journal's Stuart Taylor wrote:       I focus here not . . . on such egregious factual errors as      the assertion on C-SPAN, by Stephen Henderson of Knight      Ridder newspapers, that in a study of Alito's more than 300      judicial opinions, ``we didn't find a single case in which      Judge Alito sided with African-Americans . . . [who were]      alleging racial bias.  He went on to say:       What is remarkable is that any reporter could have      overlooked [case after case after case] in which Alito has      sided with African-Americans alleging racial bias.  In a few minutes, I am going to be specific on some of these, but there would be too many to cite for the amount of time we have. Senator Kennedy's statements are inaccurate and untrue. I know he wishes they were true, but they are not. These guys are grasping at straws.  Then Senator Biden came in with inaccurate statements on Presidential treatment toward the State. Senator Biden charged Alito with ruling in favor of the State against the individual. This is what he said:       But as I've tried diligently to look at your record, you      seem to come down more often and give the benefit of the      doubt to the outfit against whom discrimination is being      alleged. You seem to lean--in close cases, you lean to the      state versus the individual.  The facts belie that. The fact is, Alito's record shows he consistently approaches each case based on the law and the facts. He rules for plaintiffs and for defendants when the law supports him. He rules for the corporation or the State when the law supports their position. This is the appropriate approach for a Federal judge. It is clear that Alito understands the importance of the independence of the judiciary and has a healthy respect for its role as the bullwark against executive overreaching.  Alito often cites Alexander Hamilton. I think Alito has quoted Alexander Hamilton more than anyone else, at least it seems that way to me. He said:       [A]s Alexander Hamilton aptly put it in Federalist 78, the      courts should carry out [the judicial power] with ``firmness      and independence.'' ``Without this,'' he observed, ``all the      reservations of particular rights or privileges [in the      Constitution] would amount to nothing.''  Alito continued:       When a constitutional or statutory violation [by other      governmental institutions] is proven, a court should not      hesitate to impose a strong and lawful remedy if that is what      is needed to provide full redress. Some of the finest      chapters in the history of the Federal Courts have been      written when federal judges, despite resistance, have      steadfastly enforced remedies for deeply rooted      constitutional violations.  During his 15 years on the bench, Judge Alito has repeatedly ruled to restrain executive authority, reflecting his understanding of the role of the judiciary to protect the constitutional rights, separation of powers, and so forth. What Senator Biden said is not true. I know he wishes it were.  Next we had Senator Feinstein. She was approaching something to which I am particularly sensitive. I chair the committee called Environment and Public Works. The Presiding Officer is a member of that committee. We dealwith environmental issues. Senator Feinstein mischaracterized Alito's environmental record.  Let me say this for anyone who might be listening: If there is nothing better going on right now, these Senators I am very critical of, I love them dearly. That is possible. It doesn't happen in the other body, seeing a Senator here who also served in the House at the time that I was there. We can love our friends, our Senators, with whom we serve, and we can detest their philosophy and their agenda. I learned this the hard way.  I will share this story. Back in 1994, I came from the House to the Senate. And operating as I had always operated in the House, there happened to be a Senator on the floor named Wendell Ford from Kentucky. He was known as the junkyard dog of the Senate. I disagreed with him. I came down here. That was the opening day, the first day I was elected and confirmed in a special election. I went down and I took him on. It was mean. It was wicked. And we are yelling and screaming. Afterwards I felt pretty good. I went to go back to the Russell Building, went down the elevator and ran into none other than Senator Bob Byrd.  Bob Byrd said: Ride along with me. He said: Young man, I appreciate your spunk.  I liked that because that happened to be November 17, 1994. It was my 60th birthday.  He said: Young man, I appreciate your spunk, but this isn't the way we do it in the Senate. He explained to me the history of the Senate, how it must have been divinely inspired, so that there is a genuine love for your fellow Senators, something that doesn't exist in the other body. I don't know why I said all that.  But Senator Feinstein accused Alito of ruling against the Clean Water Act. She said:       In Public Interest Research Group of New Jersey v.      Magnesium Electron, a citizens environmental group sued a      chemical manufacturer under the Clean Water Act for polluting      a river used by members of the group . . . your decision, as      I understand it, was based upon your conclusion that the      environmental group did not have standing to sue under the      Clean Water Act because even though members of the      environmental group had stopped using the river due to the      pollution, they did not prove any injury to the environment.      The decision, if broadly applied, would have gutted the      Citizen Lawsuit Provision of the Clean Water Act . . . so you      see where the concern comes with respect to overthrowing      something on a technicality that can have enormous      implications.  That is what Senator Feinstein said. Keep in mind what Alito's vote was. He did not write the opinion. He voted in this case. It was a straightforward application of the Supreme Court's controlling precedent in Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife. Most of us remember Manuel Lujan who later became Secretary of Interior. This decision was a 1992 decision in which the Supreme Court required that in order to file suit, a plaintiff must allege the actual injury, not just have this great concern over activities such as pollution.  What we are saying here is that Senator Feinstein should have read this. He was interpreting a law he may have agreed on or may not have, but this was sent down. This was settled law, established by the U.S. Supreme Court. Alito's vote, which he didn't write, was one based in law. I think what Senator Feinstein said was not true. It needs to be answered. That is the answer.  Another one that Senator Kennedy researched. Senator Kennedy charged that Alito rarely votes for the little guy. Senator Kennedy charged Alito with false accusations saying that he was biased toward the rich and powerful. This is Senator Kennedy talking about the rich and powerful. He was biased toward the rich and powerful and against the little man. I will use the quote that he used. He said:       And on the cases he decided, in case after case after case,      we see legal contortions and inconsistent reasoning to bend      over backwards to help the powerful.  This is on January 12, stated by Senator Kennedy. Time after time during his hearings, Alito and other Senators have repeated instances in which Alito did rule for the little guy. In cases involving criminal law, employment and labor law, immigration law, and others, Judge Alito has consistently ruled for plaintiffs or defendants as the facts and the law demanded.  I will give some examples. In Zubi v. AT&T Corporation, in 2000, Alito dissented from a case foreclosing a plaintiff's opportunity to advance his claim of race discrimination. Alito would have applied a longer statute of limitations to let the claim go forward. That is just the opposite of what was asserted by Senator Kennedy.  In another case, Caruso v. Blockbuster-Sony Music Entertainment Center at the Waterfront, writing for the unanimous panel, Judge Alito reversed in part the district court's grant of summary judgment for Blockbuster-Sony ``E-Centre''--this is a big corporation--and against a disabled patron. The plaintiff was William Caruso. He was a disabled veteran of Vietnam who used a wheelchair, brought suit against E-Centre under the Americans with Disabilities Act claiming that the wheelchair areas in the pavilion do not provide wheelchair users with lines of sight over standing spectators. The lawn area is not wheelchair accessible.  Judge Alito explained that even though the Department of Justice's standards do not require that wheelchair users must be able to see the stage when other patrons stand, the E-Centre must make assembly areas like the lawn accessible to people in wheelchairs. He concluded:       We reject the argument that assembly areas without fixed      seating need not provide access to people in wheelchairs.  Again, Alito's stellar record proves that Senator Kennedy's statement is false.  The next one I will mention was Senator Kennedy's statement on racial discrimination. Senator Kennedy wrongly stated that Alito had never written an opinion related to race discrimination, implying that he could be a racist. Senator Kennedy said:       Judge Alito has not written one single opinion on the      merits in favor of a person of color alleging race      discrimination on the job: in 15 years on the bench, not one.  He said that on January 9. The facts are that Alito has repeatedly ruled in favor of minorities making allegations of racial discrimination in employment. One such case is Smith v. Davis, 2001, in which Alito voted to reverse a grant of summary judgment against an African-American man's claim that he had been discriminated against in employment on the basis of race. Another one is Zubi v. Johnson & Johnson Medical, Inc. Alito voted to reverse a district court's grant of summary judgment against the plaintiff.  Judge Alito and his colleagues concluded that the female African-American plaintiff had introduced sufficient evidence to question whether the employer had, in fact, given her lower quality assignments due to her ``objective'' scores on certain evaluations, as the employer maintained. There are many more cases.  I ask unanimous consent to print in the Record the other cases.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       In Collins v. Sload (2004), Alito joined a per curiam      opinion reversing the District Court's dismissal of a Pro Se      Title VII complaint alleging racial discrimination. The      District Court had dismissed the complaint for failure to      exhaust administrative remedies. The panel concluded that the      question could not be resolved on the record and remanded for      further proceedings.       In Pope v. AT&T (2001), Alito joined a per curiam opinion      reversing the District Court's grant of summary judgment      against an African American man alleging race discrimination      under Section 1981. The panel concluded that the plaintiff      had submitted significant evidence that AT&T's stated reason      was pretextual, and remanded for trial.  