President, I will just take a couple minutes.  Let me say, if the argument is that it is the industry influencing these reports, I think it is rather strange that the Seafarers International Union of North America, the AFL-CIO, are the ones that agree with this report and strongly recommend that we vote against this amendment to keep us from retiring this--as I referred to several times--this relic.  Now, the Senator has a couple of arguments I had not responded to. One was he states that it went down and performed some type of a function in Katrina. It is my information they took it down to Katrina, but it would not work, so they used it as an office.  As far as the ``flimsy'' report is concerned, I do not think I have actuallyread from the report, but this says this is in response to the Energy and Water appropriations bill. They requested the Corps of Engineers to clear this up so once and for all we can get rid of this relic. This was June 3 of 2005. They said, reading from that report:       [I]t is expected that sufficient industry hopper dredge      capability exists to perform the requirements. . . .  It further says:       Even if the scheduled work for the McFarland were      maximized, the reduction in daily rate would still be almost      double the daily rate of a comparable industry hopper dredge.      . . .the McFarland is the oldest dredge in the fleet, and      operates at a daily rate that substantially exceeds      comparable industry medium class hopper dredges. If the      McFarland were to be kept in the Minimum Fleet it would have      to be rehabilitated and repowered at a cost of approximately      $20 million.  So what you are saying is, you want to spend public funds of $20 million more to get something to compete with the private sector, that costs twice as much to operate as the private sector. I think this is absurd. I think we have been trying to do this for a number of years.  Now, we have the labor unions joining other interests in saying that we need to get rid of this thing and start saving money in our dredging. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment by the Senator from Pennsylvania.  