President, I rise today along with my colleague, Tom Coburn, to proudly support a resolution designating April 8, 2006, as National Cushing's Syndrome Awareness Day. I have long been dedicated to quality health care and therefore seek to raise awareness of this debilitating disorder that affects an estimated 10 to 15 people per million.  My desire to see my Oklahoma constituents and all Americans receive the best possible health care is evidenced by my involvement in various health related issues. I have always been a champion of rural health care providers. In 1997, I was one of the few Republicans to vote against the Balanced Budget Act because of its lack of support for rural hospitals. At that time, I made a commitment to not allow our rural hospitals to be closed and am pleased we finally addressed that important issue in the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 by providing great benefits for rural health care providers as well as a voluntary prescription drug benefit to seniors. In 2003, I also cosponsored the Health Care Access and Rural Equity Act, to protect and preserve access of Medicare beneficiaries to health care in rural regions.  I am a strong advocate of medical liability reform and am an original cosponsor of S. 11, the Patients First Act, to protect patients' access to quality and affordable health care by reducing the effects of excessive liability costs. There are solutions to alleviate the burden placed on physicians and patients by excessive medical malpractice lawsuits, and I am committed to this vital reform.  I have also worked with officials from the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services to expand access to lifesaving implantable cardiac defibrillators. I supported legislation to increase the supply of pancreatic islet cells for research and co-sponsored a bill to take the abortion pill RU-486 off the market in the United States.  I also introduced S. 96, the Flu Vaccine Incentive Act, to help prevent any future shortages in flu vaccines. My bill removes suffocating price controls from government purchasing of the flu vaccine while encouraging more companies to enter the market. Also, my bill frees American companies to enter the flu vaccine industry by giving them an investment tax credit towards the construction of flu vaccine production facilities.  Additionally, I have consistently co-sponsored yearly resolutions designating a day in October as National Mammography Day and a week in August as National Health Center Week to raise awareness regarding both these issues.  As the Federal Government invests in improving hospitals and healthcare initiatives, I have fought hard to ensure that Oklahoma gets its fair share. Specifically, over the past 3 years, I have helped to secure $5.2 million in funding for the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation, the Oklahoma State Department of Health planning initiative for a rural telemedicine system, the INTEGRIS Healthcare System, the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center, the Oklahoma Center for the Advancement of Science and Technology, St. Anthony's Heart Hospital, the Hillcrest Healthcare System, and the Morton Health Center.  I rise before the Senate to seek your help in raising awareness of Cushing's Syndrome, which is an endocrine or hormonal disorder caused by prolonged exposure of the body's tissue to high levels of the hormone cortisol. Though it can lead to death, Cushing's Syndrome often goes undiagnosed or misdiagnosed because the initial symptoms are shared with a number of milder ailments. These symptoms include, but are not limited to, abnormal weight gain, skin changes, fatigue, diabetes, high blood pressure, depression and osteoporosis.  Cushing's Syndrome can take a variety of forms. Normally, the hypothalamus, a part of the brain which is about the size of a small sugar cube, stimulates the pituitary gland, the adrenal glands, and then the kidneys which release cortisol into the bloodstream. High levels of cortisol can result from overproducing cortisolor from taking glucocorticoid hormones, which are routinely prescribed for asthma, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and other inflammatory diseases.  Doctors can detect Cushing's Syndrome through a series of tests, often using x rays to examine adrenal or pituitary glands to locate tumors. However, since awareness of the syndrome is low, doctors do not always run these tests, and patients do not know to ask for them. Therefore, treatment often comes later than it should for victims of Cushing's Syndrome. Potential treatments for Cushing's Syndrome include surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, cortisol-inhibiting drugs, or reducing the dosage of glucocorticoid hormones.  The need for heightened awareness of Cushing's Syndrome was brought to my attention by constituents who suffer from this dangerous disease. For the sake of these individuals and for the benefit of sufferers in your own State and around the Nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in this effort to raise awareness of Cushing's Syndrome.  