 I rise to urge Members to vote against the previous question.  Now, why would we do that?  Because we need to invest in America's crumbling infrastructure, and the Republicans are totally incapable of producing a transportation bill.  Here's a little bit of review of history.  February 8, 2011, Chairman Mica: We will have a bill by August.  Then we skip forward a little bit, August, Chairman Mica: I will agree to one additional highway program extension--meaning they didn't get the bill done by August.  Then we fast-forward to November, Speaker Boehner: House to pass highway bill this year.  That was, of course, November 2011. It's 2012. Now the Republicans are saying they need another 90 days to get agreement in their own caucus. They're never going to get agreement. There are 80 Members of the Republican caucus who believe that there is no Federal interest--get this--no Federal interest in the national transportation system. It should devolve to the 50 States, back to the good ol' days when Kansas built the turnpike and Oklahoma didn't, and the cars were launched off the end of the turnpike into a farmer's field for another 5 years until Kansas finally got around to it. Let's go back to those good old days.  They also say they don't want to create jobs. This won't create jobs, the Speaker has said. Well, guess what? Transportation investment is the best way to create made-in-America jobs: transit equipment made in America, steel made in America, construction jobs by Americans for Americans for our future. They can't get it done. No more 90-day extensions or whatever they're dithering around now. They've got the throttle on the floor and they're spinning doughnuts, but they've run out of gas.  So it's time to act. What we need to do is defeat the previous question, bring up the bipartisan, Senate-passed transportation bill, which half of the Republican Senators--some of the members of the Flat Earth Society even voted for. Bring that bill up here--we can get the votes on this side of the aisle--and pass it and put Americans back to work.  