 I was named conferee. I have been on the aviation committee for 26 years. There was no legislative conference.  The most contentious provision of the bill was a deal that was struck between Harry Reid, the majority leader of the Senate, and Speaker Boehner; and it was a take-it-or-leave-it deal.  Now, this bill is absolutely critical to the safety and security of the aviation system of the United States of America. It's critical for its modernization. It's critical for its competitiveness. These things are extraordinarily important to our country. Aviation constitutes, in aggregate, about 10 or 11 percent of our gross domestic product. It is not a sector that we can continue to ignore and underfund in terms of providing it with the tools it needs to be more fuel efficient and safer for the traveling public and more efficient for business transport and goods.  But those things should not be held hostage to the incredible anti-labor bias of the majority here in the House. The bill that passed our committee would have established a rule for the formation of a union that said anybody who was eligible to vote, who didn't vote, counts as a ``no.''  I went and reviewed the elections of every Member of Congress and, guess what, if we had that rule, if every person who was a potentially eligible voter would be counted as a ``no'' vote in your election, not one Member of Congress, even those who get 80 percent, would have been elected because you had more people who didn't vote than you got votes, not one Member of Congress; but that would be fair for the working people of America according to the Republicans here in the House. That was an incredibly egregious provision, outrageous.  So then we move to the Senate. Well, we go through this little thing last summer where we actually shut down the FAA. Now, I know you don't care about 4,000 Federal employees, that's fine. But you also put out of work 78,000 people who were working in the private sector on the modernization and updates of our aviation system at our airports--all over wanting and hating unions.  Now, I don't get it. I don't get why you hate unions and working people. I really don't understand that.  So here we come to the final product, and the final product will make it much easier for someone in the anti-labor airline out there, perhaps, to deunionize in, say, a merger or even in an election because their furloughed employees would count in an election. You don't know who they are, where they are. They get to vote. And you have to have an election to have an election, and you have to win the election to have an election.  This is not a fair provision. We need the changes in this bill, but we do not need to attack the working people of the United States of America.  