Well, what's the replacement? Apparently, it's the Ryan voucher plan, which will stick it to seniors in the future--not too good of a replacement.  But the other thing they're repealing that they don't want to talk about is they're repealing restrictions on age discrimination by the insurance industry. They would be repealing the restrictions on preexisting conditions to discriminate against people--redline them, essentially, by the insurance industry--and they would be repealing the provision of reviewing excessive rate increases which has been already successful in California this year.  So the Republicans have come forward with this one part of the bill. They've already repealed all of ObamaCare, but now they're going to repeal it bit by bit because they don't want to do real things like deal with our transportation system and that.  But there is one particularly objectionable part of this. They're going to pretend that they're taking away the antitrust protection of the insurance industry. Remember, this is an industry that can and does get together and collude to drive up our premiums. And after the Republicans do away with age discrimination, preexisting conditions, and rate increases, the industry is going to have a field day.  So they're pretending that they're going to allow suits against the industry for antitrust violations. Unfortunately, not really. If someone wants to bring a suit, they can't do it as a class action. Well, more than 90 percent of antitrust suits are brought as class actions. Individuals do not have the resources to take on the insurance industry.  So they're going to take something that in the last Congress was bipartisan--a bill I had to take away, really take away, the antitrust immunity in the insurance industry and give a benefit to all consumers in this country, passed this House by 406 19--and now they're going to fake out, they think, the American people by pretending they're taking on the insurance industry while they're filling their pockets with contributions from them.  Good work, guys.  