Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia [Ms. Norton] for those very moving words. We are grateful for her leadership, for coming here tonight to recognize Jim Farmer.  Mr. Speaker, we really did not hear a lot about nonviolence as a part of the early civil rights movement until the Montgomery bus boycott in 1955. But that was actually almost 15 years after the use of Gandhian principles in the struggle for civil rights. Jim Farmer, this brave warrior, did it first.  When Jim Farmer graduated from the School of Theology at Howard University in 1941, he went to work for a pacifist organization in Chicago, the Fellowship of Reconciliation. Farmer had been studying the nonviolent techniques and teaching of Gandhi. He marveled at the success of Gandhi's 1930 salt march to the sea. He suggested to the Fellowship of Reconciliation that they find ways to use Gandhi techniques, civil disobedience, direct action, and nonviolence in the battle against segregation. The Fellowship of Reconciliation, better known as FOR, did not take his suggestion. It did not attempt to discourage him but said that it would not sponsor such activity at that time. So Jim enlisted some of his friends, an interracial group, mostly graduate students at the University of Chicago, and they founded what they called CORE, the Congress of Racial Equality.  One evening after a CORE meeting, Jim and a white friend stopped by the Jack Spratt Coffee Shop. Farmer wanted to order a doughnut. He was told that he could not be served. Farmer told the waiter that he was violating State law by refusing to serve him. The waiter said, fine, that doughnut will be $1. The usual selling price was 5 cents.  The next day Farmer came back with about 20 of his friends. The whites in the group were served; the blacks were not. But no one would eat until everyone was served. They very calmly explained that it would be rude to do otherwise. The result was that they all ended up sitting there all day.  For 3 or 4 days they came back to Jack Spratt Coffee Shop first thing in the morning and tied up almost every seat for almost all of the day. It did not take Jack Spratt long to give in and serve everyone. Farmer sent them a nice letter thanking them for changing their policy. This was our Nation's first nonviolent sit-in. That was April 1942, 55 years ago this month.  Gandhi's technique of civil disobedience, direct action, and nonviolence has worked. Jim Farmer was right. Fifty years ago, in 1947, Farmer led CORE members in a challenge to the practice of segregated seating on buses traveling interstate. The U.S. Supreme Court had ruled the year before that blacks could not be forced to ride in the back of the bus. On what he called the journey of reconciliation, they traveled through Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and West Virginia. Some members of that group included Bayard Rustin. Three were arrested and they served 30 days on a chain gang in North Carolina for having violated local segregation laws. But in 1961, Farmer organized the Freedom Ride. He came here to Washington on May 1, 1961; 13 of us, 7 whites and 6 blacks, Farmer, like myself, who was one of the original freedom riders. In May 1961, we left Washington, DC to travel throughout the South.  Some of us pretended during those workshops to be white and some said horrible things and beat others of us up. We discussed what we could expect on the freedom ride. We resisted violence. We practiced being nonviolent. We prayed. We prepared ourselves for the worst. Three days later, we set out on the Freedom Ride on May 4, 1961.  Officials in the southern States knew we were coming. Jim had sent them letters in advance. Virginia and North Carolina took down their white-only and colored-only signs that had been hanging in the bus station. We had no problem there. South Carolina was a different story. When we arrived in a little town called Rock Hill, there were young men waiting for us. They would not allow us to enter the waiting room. I explained to them my rights under a Supreme Court decision and they clubbed each one of us.  But Farmer had trained us well. My eyes, like others', were on the prize. Nothing could stop me or the others. We were on a mission.  When we got to Birmingham, Bull Connor, the chief of police, had his officers put newspapers on the bus windows so that we could not see out. When we arrived on the scene, he ordered the troopers to take us into protective custody. They put us in jail where we stayed until the next day.  We went on a hunger strike. You see, that was one of the techniques of nonviolence Jim Farmer had taught us. The media attention would be focused on our hunger strike, and Bull Connor would not want to risk our getting sick or starving on his watch. By going on a hunger strike, we were going to force Bull Connor to change his behavior, to change whatever plans he may have had for us and treat us differently than he may have otherwise. It worked.  But the next day, Bull Connor drove us 150 miles to the State line and told us to get out. We walked and walked until we found a black couple that took us in and fed us. We called fellow students in Nashville, and they came to pick us up and took us back to Birmingham to resume the ride. I guess Bull Connor must have thought these young people are like fleas. We can get rid of them. But that is what Jim Farmer taught us. Go on, get under their skin.  Mr. Speaker, James Farmer, this good and decent man, taught us how to practice the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence. Jim Farmer was one of the big six of the civil rights movement, and with each of us Jim was scheduled to speak at the March on Washington in 1963. But rather than coming to the March on Washington, he was arrested and placed in jail in a parish in Louisiana. And he stayed there with the people rather than coming to speak at the March on Washington.  Mr. Speaker, let me close tonight by saying, James Farmer is not in good health tonight. But he is still teaching at Mary Washington College where he is a distinguished professor of history and American studies. He continues to inspire his students and all those who are blessed as I was to come in contact with him, to set goals, direct action, to be creative, to have a vision, and keep the faith.  Mr. Speaker, as a nation and as a people, we are more than lucky, but we are blessed to have had this man in our midst to lead American people toward the creation of a truly beloved community, toward the creation of an interracial democracy. So we are doing the right thing here tonight, Mr. Speaker, by honoring this great man, James Farmer.  