Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Cardin] for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, this bill does not make sense to me. It is bad news for American workers and bad policy. Supporters of this bill argue that it is designed to help Caribbean nations that have suffered as a result of NAFTA. They said that these countries have lost business to Mexico as a result of NAFTA.  Well, Mr. Speaker, another group of people have suffered as a result of NAFTA, and they will suffer as a result of this bill, the American workers. Since NAFTA, exports from Mexico are up. Since NAFTA, exports from the CBI countries are up. Since NAFTA, our trade surplus with Mexico has changed to a trade deficit.  NAFTA has helped Mexican exports. During the same time, the CBI countries have increased the apparel export to the United States. However, during that same time, one group has lost, American workers. More than 250,000 American apparel workers have lost their jobs to Mexico and the CBI nations. So this bill does not make sense. It does not make any sense to me.  Many of the workers who lost their jobs are minorities and women. Many of them live and work in areas where there are few other jobs. These jobs are good jobs. The workers do not get rich in these jobs, but they make a living wage. And this bill will speed up the loss of these jobs.  It is not necessary for the CBI nations. They are doing pretty well. Their exports to the United States have increased since NAFTA. I support trade with other nations. I support workers in Mexico and the CBI countries. But we need to be on the floor today considering a bill that helps American workers, a bill that helps keep jobs here at home, here in this country, a bill that promotes American products and helps American workers. We need a bill that promotes free and fair and open trade. We need trade with other countries. But it cannot, it must not, be trade at the expense of our working men and women.  I urge all of my colleagues to oppose this bill.  