Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this so-called HELP Scholarship plan. This plan is not about helping the majority of students in America. This is just the latest attack on public schools by the opponents of public education.  Speaker Gingrich and the radical Republican right have a plan to dismantle public education, abolish the Department of Education, cut the school lunch program, cut funding for safe- and drug-free schools, for teacher training, for Head Start.  Just 2 weeks ago the Republican opponents of public education supported a voucher scheme that would drain millions of public education dollars in our Nation's capital and give it to just 3 percent of students to attend private and religious schools. But taking money out of public schools in the District of Columbia was just the beginning.  Today we consider a plan that would drain resources from every public school in every neighborhood and every city and town in America. This so-called HELP Scholarship scheme does nothing to help public schools. It is about draining resources from public schools to help private and religious schools; help the few, deprive the many. This is the Republican plan.  Mr. Speaker, 50 million students in America attend public schools. Nine out of 10 students attend public schools. We as a society know that educational opportunity is good for all. It was Thomas Jefferson who said, education is the cornerstone of our democracy. That is why Democrats support investing in our public schools, rebuilding our crumbling school buildings, and giving every child in America a solid foundation through public education.  We should be building our public schools, building them up, not tearing them down. We should be working together to improve our public schools, not giving up on them and selling them down the river.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support public education in America, support education for all of our children. Oppose the Republican HELP Scholarship scheme. The scholarship is no help at all. These are really hurt scholarships. They hurt our public schools, and they hurt the overwhelming majority of our children. I urge my colleagues to defeat this bill. It does not help anyone. It does not help our children. It hurts our children, and it hurts our public schools.  