Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague, my leader, for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my strong opposition to this ill-conceived plan. Across our Nation, public schools are in need of assistance. According to a recent GAO report, one out of every three public schools is in serious need of repair and construction work. Our public schools are crumbling. Our children need our help.  The deterioration of our public schools should not be a partisan issue. The Department of Education did not cause the physical deterioration of our public schools, nor did Goals 2000, or Head Start. They are crumbling because of a lack of money, effort, and caring.  Some of our public schools are crumbling in other ways. Students are not learning. Drugs and firearms have invaded our Nation's school yards.  As a nation and as a people, we should be responding to this crisis by fixing and building our public schools. Public education is a great equalizer in our Nation. Nine out of every ten children in this country attend public schools. I attended public schools. I would bet that the majority of the Members of Congress came from some public school. We know that each and every child has a right to a good education in a safe environment at a public school.  The bill before us would do nothing to improve our public schools. Instead, it would use the Federal Tax Code to undermine support for public education.  This bill is a sneaky and slick proposal that would have two results: First, it would subsidize religious groups and religious schooling; second, it would continue Republican efforts to undermine our support for public education.  Working families do not want their hard-earned tax dollars going to support private schools. A family making less than $55,000 a year will receive, at most, $7 under this misguided proposal. Meanwhile, upper income families get more than 10 times that amount.  Most Americans, Mr. Speaker, cannot afford these exclusive education accounts. They cannot afford to set aside $2,500 each year for each child's education. This bill cannot and will not help them, but public education can. Public education can help every child, no matter how rich, no matter how poor. Again, public education is the great equalizer.  If we are going to spend $2.5 billion on education, let us spend it on public education that our Nation's children and all of our children can use. Let us invest in public education, not tax breaks for sending their kids to private and religious schools.  Mr. Speaker, for this reason I urge all of my colleagues to reject this proposal. Let us invest in our crumbling public schools. Let us support the Department of Education. Let us use our limited resources to invest in the millions of children who cannot afford exclusive education accounts. These children are the ones that need our help. Defeat this bill, support the Rangel substitute, support our public schools.  