Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and friend from the great State of South Carolina for yielding. I want to thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia [Ms. Norton] for organizing this special order in honor of our friend Arnold Aronson. It is fitting and appropriate that we gather here on the floor of the House of Representatives to pay tribute to this great man on this, the occasion of his 86th birthday. I want to personally wish Mr. Aronson a happy, a very happy birthday.  As Americans, we owe a debt of gratitude to Arnold Aronson. We live in a better country, a better society, and a better world because of the work of this civil rights pioneer. I would not be here, I would not be a Member of Congress but for the hard work, dedication, and commitment by Arnold Aronson and others like him.  These were people who took up the cause of equal rights and civil rights long before they became politically popular, before they became the fashion of the day. Arnold Aronson was one of the original founders of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, andfor this he should be commended and remembered. But Mr. Aronson was more than that, I can tell you. He was the glue that held the civil rights movement together.  I remember many meetings during the 1960's, many meetings here in Washington during some heated discussion, sometimes heated debates. It was always Arnold Aronson that held us together. In order to have people and individuals, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia [Ms. Norton] will remember, the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Clyburn] and others, to have an A. Philip Randolph, a Martin Luther King, Jr., a Roy Wilkins, a James Farmer, a Bayard Rustin, and the young people from the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and others in the same room, it was a great deal to try to control.  This man, this good man, was a soldier of conscience, a warrior in a nonviolent crusade to bring equality to America. While the civil rights climate ebbed and flowed in the course of his 60-year career, Arnold Aronson stood like a mighty oak planted by the bank of the river. He never swayed, he never wavered, he never faltered. He knew what was right and he worked every day to make that vision a reality.  Under his day-to-day leadership as secretary of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, Arnold Aronson lobbied and fought successfully for the passage of the 1957 and the 1964 Civil Rights Act, the 1965 Voting Rights Act, and the 1968 Fair Housing Act. To this day he remains an active member of the Leadership Conference. Due in part to his leadership and his ability, his capacity to build a coalition, the Leadership Conference today includes 180 viable organizations and groups and fights against all forms of racial, religious, national origin, gender, and sexual orientation bigotry and discrimination.  Tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want to note in particular the vital and historic role that Mr. Aronson played in uniting the black and Jewish communities in the struggle for civil rights. It is a bond and a friendship that continues to this very day. For example, in my city of Atlanta and many other cities, there is a black-Jewish coalition working together due in large part to the road paved by our friend Arnold Aronson.  As I said when I started, it is more than fitting and appropriate that we gather here today. Few Americans have done more to bring us together, more to unite us as a nation and as a people than has Arnold Aronson. My late mentor, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., talked during the 1960's of building a beloved community, a nation at peace with itself, where people were judged not by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. Arnold Aronson has done as much as any man in this Nation to help build that beloved community. For that he will always be, in my heart and in the hearts of millions of others, beloved.  Thank you, Mr. Aronson. Thank you for your hard work.  