Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in opposition to President Clinton's request for the early release of family planning funds, and I urge my colleagues to instead support H.R. 581.  Let me begin by noting that H.R. 581, the proposal by the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith], the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Oberstar], and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde], would still allow early release of these funds, but in a much better way. For more than a decade, we had a system regarding family planning funds that worked. H.R. 581 would restore that system.  Under H.R. 581, the organizations receiving these grants must again agree to not perform abortions or undermine the laws of their host countries. I will remind my colleagues that these grants are tax dollars taken from the pockets of hard-working American families. Known as the Mexico City policy, these short set of conditions worked for a decade and was agreed to by all but 2 of the more than 300 agencies which received family planning grants. There were two exceptions: Planned Parenthood Federation of America and the International Planned Parenthood Federation.  Mr. Chairman, the International Planned Parenthood Foundation's official policy statement includes these goals: Advocate for changes in restrictive national laws, policies, practices and traditions, and campaign for policy and legislative changes to remove restrictions against safe abortions. The IPPF even advises its affiliates to operate right up to the edge of what is legal and sometimes even beyond.  So today's vote is also a test of whether we respect the sovereignty and customs of these nations. Using American tax dollars to fund organizations overseas that in some manner promote abortions not only horrifies those of us who are pro-life, it should also concern every American taxpayer and those of us in this body who believe we should respect our friends in other nations.  Sending tax dollars taken from our hard-working citizens to groups that promote abortions in foreign nations is wrong in all of these ways. President Clinton dropped the Mexico City policy 4 years ago. I believe it was a mistake, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose the President's resolution and support H.R. 581.  