Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Moran substitute, and in opposition to the Republican voucher scheme in the D.C. appropriation bill. This Republican assault on public education is nothing new. The radical Republican right have a plan to dismantle public education, abolish the Department of Education, cut the school lunch program, cut funding for safe- and drug-free schools, for teachers' training, for Head Start.  Two days ago the Republican leadership went to a public school in the District of Columbia to promote that radical plan, a private school voucher scheme that would drain needed resources from our public schools. Here today we consider a deal that includes the voucher scheme, a scheme that would drain $45 million in Federal funds away from public schools in the District.  So do not be fooled. The Republicans' agenda is a hidden agenda to destroy public education. To this radical plan, to this extreme plan, I say no, and the Democrats say no. This morning the Democratic Members marched in celebration of public education from the steps of the Capitol to the steps of Brent Elementary School in Southeast Washington. We marched to support our public schools. We marched to protest the Republican private school voucher scheme. We marched to make a very simple and elementary case: public schools in every State, city, town, village, and hamlet need and deserve our support. Nine out of every ten students attend public schools. We should be working and building together to improve our public schools, not giving up on them and selling them down the river.  Mr. Chairman, our children deserve better than the easy scheme and quick-fix solution, our students deserve better. They deserve good schools, good teachers, and an education that takes them into the 21st century. Stop attacking our public schools.  Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to support the Moran substitute.  Early this morning during the debate on the rule a Member on the other side tried to imply that Martin Luther King, Jr., would support vouchers. Let me say that I knew Martin Luther King, Jr. He was a friend of mine. He was my leader. If he were here today, he would not be supporting what the Republicans are trying to do to the District of Columbia.  