Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Moakley], for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, once again Republicans are ready to sacrifice our Constitution at the altar of partisan politics. It seems that every day the leadership of this body comes up with some new stunt to prove they do not like taxes. Today they want to destroy the Constitution. They want to destroy majority rule. Majority rule is central to our Constitution. It is the foundation of our democracy. It is our core belief. And so it has stood for over 200 years. This amendment would allow minority rule. A minority of the Congress would decide when we can and cannot raise taxes.  Mr. Speaker, if this amendment were allowed to our Constitution, do my colleagues have so little faith in majority rule? It is my hope and my prayer, my sincere hope, that enough Members of this body would have the courage to do what is right and vote against this ill-conceived, ill-constructed and ill-advised amendment.  If we adopt this amendment, our Constitution will suffer. We will suffer. This amendment could force us to cut Medicare, this amendment could force us to cut Social Security, even if a majority of the Members opposed these cuts, because under this amendment, the majority does not rule.  But we are not here because this is a well-written, well-reasoned amendment. This amendment is not even agood idea. We are here because today is tax day. We all know why we are here. Today is tax day. It is time to score political points no matter what the cost. It is unfortunate that the leadership of this House can come up with nothing better to do than debate this amendment.  This amendment is a waste of time. Where is the Republican agenda? Where is the Republican budget? Show me the budget.  Mr. Speaker, today is not only the day that taxes are due, it is also the day the budget is due. The American taxpayers have paid their taxes. The returns are in the mail. Where is the Republican budget? The President has a budget. The Blue Dogs have a budget. It seems that the only people without a budget are the Republicans. The House leadership has no budget.  Mr. Speaker, let me make it plain and crystal clear. It is time to stop grandstanding and time to get to work. Nobody, but nobody, likes paying taxes. I do not like paying taxes. But this is not a reason to support a flawed constitutional amendment. Instead we should pass a budget and we should pass it here and now.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to respect our Founding Fathers. Respect the Constitution. Respect democracy and this body. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'', ``no'' on this rule and ``no'' on this amendment.  