Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and my good friend from New York [Ms. Slaughter] for holding this special order.  Mr. Speaker, in 1965, Congress established the National Endowment for the Arts. The idea behind the endowment was to create a climate for freedom, freedom of thought, freedom of imagination. Congress found that while no government can create a great artist or a great scholar, it is necessary and appropriate for the Federal Government to encourage freedom of thought, freedom of expression. I believe that we must provide the resources to support these freedoms.  Since that time, our Nation has changed dramatically. We have witnessed what I like to call a nonviolent revolution with the civil rights movement. We have seen a technological revolution in all areas of society. We have seen our Nation grow and really change.  Mr. Speaker, I grew up in rural Alabama, in an area without a telephone, without running water, without power. My father was a tenant farmer, a sharecropper. He was not allowed to vote or sit in some public places. But today we can fly through the air like a bird and swim through the water like a fish. We put a man on the Moon. We communicate by satellite, by computer on the Internet.  These revolutions are social revolutions, our cultural revolutions, our revolutions in science and technology, are the results of our collective imagination as a Nation, our sense of direction and our need for growth and change.  Throughout history, as the Nation has grown and changed, it is imagination, it is art, that has uplifted us and guided us and defined us. It is imagination that has made our dreams come true.  Just 2 weeks ago I had a great experience, a wonderful experience. I visited an elementary school in Atlanta called Mary Lin Elementary. I was impressed and amazed by all of the students at this little school. Children as young as 4, in kindergarten, 4 years old, but also children of all ages had drawn pictures of what they understood to be the civil rights movement. These young students, these young bright minds, had decorated every hall in every building with their colorful vision, each drawing different, each drawing unique. Every student was involved. Every student understood something about history through their imagination, through art.  Just yesterday I had lunch with an art teacher from the Atlanta public schools, Ms. Deborah Laden. She told me that she received less than $100 for each student in her class for art education. It is a shame and a disgrace that in a Nation as rich and as powerful as the United States, in a Nation, yes, that has put a man on the Moon, we do not invest more in our children, in their ability to dream dreams and to share and express those dreams.  In the same way children learn through art, we all are inspired by professional artists and others who have taken time to explore human existence and human history. It was President John Fitzgerald Kennedy who once said,       Behind the storm of daily conflict and crisis, the dramatic      confrontations, the tumult of political struggle, the poet,      the artist, the musician, continue their quiet work of      centuries, building bridges of experience between people,      reminding man of the universality of his feelings and desires      and despairs, and reminding him that the forces that unite      are deeper than those that divide.  President Kennedy went on to say,       I see little of more importance to the future of our      country and our civilization than full recognition of the      place of the artist. If art is to nourish the roots of our      culture, society must set the artist free to follow his      vision.  Today, more than 35 years later, these words are more important than ever. We are in the midst of the information age. Our workers must be able to learn quickly. They must be imaginative thinkers and creative individuals. They must handle the tools of technology with a sense of philosophy, a sense of history, a sense of vision, a sense of community.  With a modest investment, just a little bit, a modest investment, we can help fill in the gaps of American education and encourage art education in our schools. With a very modest investment, we can help decorate every hallway of every school in every State with creative vision of our youngest minds, uplifted and inspired by their own imagination and the imagination of each other.  These young children, because of art, because of their imagination, may grow up to be visionaries, to be scientists, artists, doctors, lawyers, ministers. These young children will lead us into the 21st century.  Some of my colleagues today may ask if we can afford to invest in the arts. Our answer must be, how can we afford not to? Free the artists, provide the necessary resources, let the imagination, the minds run wild. It is what our country, it is what our society is all about.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman again for holding this special order on the arts.  