Mr. Chairman, I want to add my voice to those that have spoken today in support of international family planning.  Mr. Chairman, there is no question that funding for family planning has promoted the health and survival of women and children in developing nations. The United States has taken a leading role in promoting child survival in the world, decreasing maternal and infant mortality, and ending the spread of deadly disease, including the AIDS virus. And, yes, Mr. Speaker, we have helped reduce the practice of abortion through this program. Today, abortion is widespread in many nations--Russian women have on average 7 to 8 abortions in a lifetime. Family planning is helping to reverse this epidemic--to end the trend, not to begin it.  We have heard it said on this floor today, and I will say it again: not one penny of family planning aid goes to support abortions. Not one penny. This vote is not about supporting abortions abroad--it is about ending them. It is about about saving the lives of women and children. It is about saving the lives of women who, in many cases, are children.  Family planning is helping to end the spread of the AIDS disease--a disease who know no borders. It is helping couples in developing nations reduce the size of their families so they can stay out of poverty, become educated, survive, and thrive. Family planning has limited the number of births in the developing world on average from 6 to 3.  And to my colleagues who suggest that family planning funds will support abortions, let me say, and let me beg of you--there is enough misinformation about family planning in the world today. There is enough disease. Enough people have died. Enough women and children have suffered. Family planning from the United States is provided for one purpose and one purpose only: to end the spread of misinformation about family planning--to end the death, poverty, and disease that comes from the spread of myths and lies.  Family planning does not support abortions, It saves lives. I urge my colleagues to support the release of family planning funds--funding which has already been appropriated and approved. Do it now. Do it today. The lives of women and children depend upon it.  