Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong opposition to House Joint Resolution 207. While this resolution is nonbinding and sounds innocent enough, the truth is that this resolution represents an assault on the separation of church and State.  The separation of church and State is a concept that underlies our constitutional democracy and dates back to the founding of our great Nation. On the walls of the Jefferson Memorial are inscribed these words: No man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship or ministry or shall otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinion or belief.'' Yet, House Joint Resolution 207 endorses a law which would compel a citizen through his tax dollars to do just that.  The American Community Renewal Act, which this resolution endorses, would change current law and allow the beneficiaries of church-based social services to be proselytized. In some cases this could mean that getting help requires getting saved. Let me repeat that again. In some cases, this could mean that getting help requires getting saved, getting saved.  That is not right. It is not fair. It is not just. It is not the role of or government to subsidize the spread of God's word. That is the role of the church, the synagogue, the mosque, the temple.  The American Community Renewal Act would also appear to sanction religious discrimination against employees. This bill would override State civil rights laws and allow religious-based employers providing social services to discriminate on the basis of a person's religious tenets or beliefs.  There are many religious institutions providing good and worthwhile social services to people in need throughout our Nation. These groups and institutions are to be applauded. But as a government and as a Nation, we should not violate the separation of church and State. It has guided our country for more than 220 years. Our forefathers in their wisdom devised a system of government that protects the religious liberty of all Americans. This Congress should do nothing to undermine this great system of our great Constitution.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat House Resolution 207.  (