Mr. Speaker, I would like to very much express my appreciation to our chairman, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Spence), and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) for the wonderful work they have done. And congratulations to both the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) and the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Spratt) for their bipartisan effort.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4. This morning prior to the start of this debate, every Member had the opportunity to be briefed on the growing threat to Americans from ballistic missiles. What is extremely alarming is the emerging threat posed by North Korea and Iran. As we know, both countries are of particular concern because they are actively seeking to develop medium- to long-range ballistic missiles. In fact, with regard to North Korea, the Rumsfeld Commission issued a clear warning. Their report said:       There is evidence that North Korea is working hard on the      Taepo Dong 2 (TD-2) ballistic missile . . . the TD-2 could be      deployed rapidly . . . This missile could reach major cities      and military bases in Alaska and the smaller, westernmost      islands in the Hawaiian chain. Light-weight variations of the      TD-2 could fly as far as 10,000 km, placing at risk western      U.S. territory . . . from Phoenix, Arizona, to Madison,      Wisconsin.  The actual launch of a three-stage Taepo Dong 1 in August 1998, just a month after that report was issued, served as unambiguous demonstration of North Korea's capability. The threat emanating from unfriendly rogue nations like North Korea is why I strongly support this legislation.  Unfortunately, opponents of this bill argue that the U.S. is not ready to deploy missile defense and that the system is not technically mature. Others will say, the system is too costly and that the bill mandates deployment and ignores important issues such as the threat environment, ABM treaty implications and START agreements. To those who oppose this legislation on these grounds, I say the language of the bill is simple. It states: ``That it is the policy of the United States to deploy a national missile defense.''  What is important is that it does not say that missile defense should be deployed before it is ready or technically mature. It does not say that the U.S. should deploy a missile defense system regardless of cost or that policy makers should ignore the threat environment. Perhaps most important, the bill does not say that the U.S. should abrogate the Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) Treaty nor does it say the U.S. should abide by the treaty.  H.R. 4 simply says the Congress and the Administration are committed to protecting American citizens against ballistic missile attack.  The White House says that it wants to protect the American people against the emerging long-range threat and asserts that the decision to deploy National Missile Defense will be based on four factors: (1) the threat environment; (2) the cost of the system; (3) treaty implications, and; (4) the technology and operational effectiveness of the system.  If handled in an expeditious manner, it is my view that this is not an unreasonable list of considerations. In fact, as Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense I will be very interested in the cost of the system.  Therefore, I believe this bill is an opportunity to get bipartisan agreement on a critical policy and yet it is flexible enough to allow for continued discussion on matters concerning cost, technology and treaty implications.  The time is right to secure an agreement on the policy of protecting our citizens against a potential limited ballistic missile attack. I commend Mr. Weldon for introducing this legislation and I strongly urge Members to vote for the bill.  