Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by commending Mr. Olver for initiating this important and timely amendment.  Africa is in crisis. The continent is home to one out of every ten people on the planet. Yet more than eight out of every ten deaths from AIDS have occurred in Africa. Health officials in Zimbabwe report over 3,000 AIDS deaths each week. This is a country that has a population roughly the size of the State of Ohio. In Kenya, 200,000 people will die from AIDS in 1999.  AIDS is destroying not only individual lives, but the social, political and economic fabric of the nations of Africa. In Zambia, more than half of the country's children have lost at least one parent to AIDS. How will these children survive? Africans between the ages of 15 and 40 have the highest AIDS infection rate. Who will remain to support Africa's families and grow Africa's economies? Right now, AIDS is reported to be rampant in the militaries of Zimbabwe and other Southern African countries. How will the political stability of Africa be secured?  This crisis demands the attention of the United States Congress. As we debate a bill that intends to strengthen our economic ties with the African continent, this is the right time and the right place for us to begin to think about the impact of AIDS on both the African people and our mutual long term interests.  The African Growth and Opportunity Act requires a lot of African countries. We need to hold up our end of the bargain. It is our responsibility to shine a spotlight on the issue of AIDS in Africa and to demonstrate our interest, not only in trade but in the long term stability of the nations of Africa and the health of her people.  By making it a Sense of Congress that addressing the AIDS crisis be a central component of our foreign policy in Africa; by recognizing the importance of AIDS prevention and treatment to our long term trade relationship with Africa; and by acknowledging that the African AIDS crisis merits expanded efforts by both public and private institutions as well as Congress to address the issue, this amendment represents an important step.  I urge my colleagues to vote for the amendment.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Olver-Pelosi-Foley Amendment to express the sense of Congressthat addressing the AIDS crisis in sub-Sahara Africa must be a central component of U.S. foreign policy.  Throughout Africa, AIDS is destroying entire families and communities. It is tearing apart the social, and economic foundations of the continent.  In May, USA Today dedicated a series of articles focusing on the human face of this devastation--outcast children, dying infants, destroyed families. And the statistics alone are numbing. In all, 11.5 million people have died in sub-Saharan Africa since the disease emerged in the early 1980's and 22.5 million now living with the HIV virus are expected to die in the next ten years. By the end of 1997, at least 7.8 million children in this area of Africa alone were left orphans by the age of 14 due to AIDS.  This amendment addresses the tragedy and the urgency of this crisis and affirms that addressing the HIV/AIDs epidemic must be a central part of our foreign policy now and in the next century. We cannot expect to make progress on economic development in Africa unless our policies sufficiently address the catastrophe of AIDS. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote for the Olver-Pelosi-Foley Amendment.  