Chairman, I rise in support of the Schwarz amendment emphasizing the intent of Congress that full funding for the control of Emerald Ash Borer must be provided. I had intended to offer an amendment emphasizing the need for emergency funding and thank Chairman Bonilla for his work with us on this issue, and with respect and appreciation knowing we still have much to work on will not extend floor debate today.  It is vital that we take action as quickly as possible to deal with control and containment this year. USDA, at the order of the Office of Management and Budget, has not been able to fully respond to the requests for funds from Ohio and Michigan. Ohio recently requested an additional $10.1 million that is needed immediately.  The Emerald Ash Borer was identified in Michigan in July, 2002. It has been in Michigan for perhaps five years, having come in packing material from Asia.  Since then, several counties in southeastern Michigan and now counties in northwestern Ohio have been infected with this creature. Literally billions of ash trees are at risk unless this creature is stopped. Regrettably, there is no known way to eradicate the insect without starving it from new wood sources. So as trees by the thousands are being cut down in our region.  As I said, the State of Ohio has recently asked the Department of Agriculture for an additional $10.1 million in emergency funding tocontrol the spread of this insect. This is in addition to the $11.6 million that was requested earlier this year, although USDA provided only $10.2 million. This is in addition to more than $50 million that has already been provided to Michigan to control the spread of the insect from its primary infestation site.  Mr. Chairman, Ohio needs more funding now to control this insect for which it bears no responsibility. Neighborhoods are being devastated in Ohio, as they already have been in Michigan. Businesses are adversely affected. Property values are being adversely affected. The longer we take the provide effective controls, the more damage will be caused, the broader the area of infestation will become, and the more it will ultimately cost to end this infestation.  I had planned to offer my own amendment calling for emergency use of funds to deal with this problem, even though I know that the bill already provides some funding for emerald ash control in the coming year--$14 million even though expert opinion suggests that we will need $55 million. Hopefully this money will come via the emergency route.  Chairman Bonilla and ranking member DeLauro, I thank you for your support. I want to work with you to secure the right level of funding to deal with this disease, as well as the many other invasive species pests that plague several states. They may be different in their makeup, but they are equally devastating to the communities they infest.  