Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Newark, New Jersey (Mr. Payne), for allowing me to speak this evening, yielding me time, and to thank my colleagues from New Jersey. I am respectful of the hour and will be brief.  Let me say it is a great privilege this evening to rise to pay tribute to a legend, and a great honor to help to give word to the celebration of the life of Congressman Peter Rodino, a man whose commitment to the law, as others have said, is legendary, to civil rights, and to his deep-seated belief in the worthiness of every human life. He remains a living testament as we speak this evening.  Many here in Washington, certainly the members of the Committee on the Judiciary and others, remember Peter Rodino as a gifted and effective lawmaker, an honorable, wise, and good man. Surely others have talked about his role on the Committee on the Judiciary during the impeachment proceedings when he approached that with utter fairness, resolve, and determination that upheld our Constitution and gave tribute to the American people that he was sent here to represent.  But Peter Rodino was also a veteran of World War II and a member of America's Greatest Generation. He lived by the advice given to him by his father, Pellegrino Rodino, grateful for the help he received as a struggling immigrant, as all children of immigrants who serve in this Congress bring the special gifts of life that he bore as a Member. It made him strong. It gave him deep understanding. It equipped him, even probably more than his legal education, for the role that he assumed as chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary.  Congressman Rodino's father told his young son to always look out for those around him who were less fortunate; and throughout his 40 years in Congress, Peter Rodino did exactly that. He was a founding member of the Italian-American Congressional Delegation, and as the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) stated, people of ethnic heritage often face discrimination, and that was surely part of his lot in life. But he, along with many good friends, including Monsignor Gino Baroni, helped to found the National Italian-American Foundation in 1975, a prominent group of leaders from both the public and private sectors who formed the organization in hopes of bringing public attention to the specific Italian-American issues in the Nation's capital here and to provide an umbrella group for the Nation's significant Italian-American population, who wanted to share that immigrant experience and their struggle to be accepted as full Americans.  I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Payne) for creating this time for us this evening to pay tribute to Congressman Rodino. He was a member of the National Italian-American Foundation Board of Directors from 1975 to 1988, was active in their events, and rightfully honored by them in 1988 with a Special Achievement Award in government. This talented man of humble origins upheld our Constitution during his tenure with honor, with kindness, and a sharp eye to the law. He was a man, as I recall him, with no pomp, but a lot of grace as he handled great circumstance.  Tonight, I wish to offer, on behalf of the people of Ohio, to his wife, Joy, to their family, deepest sympathy and deepest gratitude for allowing this towering figure to give us a legacy for the Nation that lives.  I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Payne) and thank him so very much for the opportunity to appear and for the courtesy of my colleagues from the committee and from the State of New Jersey for allowing me to speak this evening.  