Brown) who has brought us togetherthis evening to discuss the pending vote on CAFTA, godchild of NAFTA, and my dear friend the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell) who has been such a leader on all economic concerns that face our country, and indeed they are daunting, this one among them.  As I listened to the gentleman from New Jersey and the gentleman from Ohio discuss this pending CAFTA vote, I could not help but think NAFTA. In a bullet, 1 million lost jobs for our country, of jobs all over this country, Ohio, New Jersey, California, Oregon. The list goes on and on. I think Ross Perot talked about the great sucking sound 10 years ago, and we certainly have seen that. This is going to be the last few inches left in the tub, are going to go down to Central America now on this continent.  I usually talk about the economic dimension of NAFTA and CAFTA, but tonight for just a brief moment I wanted to talk a little bit about the political issues involved, most importantly freedom. If America's goal really is to export products, that is a good secondary goal. The first goal ought to be exporting freedom and finding a way to make sure that any agreement that we enter into advances the cause of freedom globally. If we look at NAFTA as a model of what happened economically, this chart very clearly demonstrates every single year since NAFTA's signing, we have moved into greater and greater job loss and greater movement of the deficit with Mexico as well as Canada. So it is negative; negative, negative, negative in exponential proportions. This is just an example in the automotive industry post-NAFTA. We had many more cars coming into our country from Mexico than exports going out. So it is pretty clear what it did economically.  But politically, we ask ourselves, will CAFTA support growing democracy in Central America? Will we export freedom first? Do we consider trade more important than freedom?  This agreement is going to undermine democracy in our neighboring Central American countries. Central America without question faces serious challenges in the consolidation of democracy and the protection of human rights. Peace accords in some of the countries that the gentleman from New Jersey and the gentleman from Ohio have been talking about tonight, peace accords in El Salvador and Guatemala and the end of the Contra war in Nicaragua signaled the beginning of a hopeful era for Central America, but the implementation of reforms there has been incomplete, and many democratic institutions remain weak. Increasing political violence, in Guatemala in particular, is a grave reminder that the conflict of previous decades has not been laid to rest.  Just last week in another country, as high school and college students in El Salvador protested an increase in bus fare, Salvadoran riot police attacked the protesters, seriously injuring and detaining high school students. Riot police followed students as they retreated inside the gates of the university, setting off bombs of tear gas at them and opening fire on the students with what they claim were safe bullets. Four high school students were hospitalized, and others were arrested. To even try to freely assemble in these countries is met with great resistance. Still, civil society in Central America struggles to gain voice, and hundreds of thousands of small farmers, workers, women and young people have gathered in these countries to protest this CAFTA agreement as not contributing to the advancement of freedom in those nations. In recent months, there have been 10 significant protests in Guatemala. You have to be very courageous to demonstrate there. Thirteen in El Salvador. Twelve protests in Honduras. Six protests in Nicaragua. Seven in Costa Rica. They have ranged in attendance from 10,000 to 250,000 people. The people of these countries are saying: United States, pay attention. This agreement will not help us. Hear our voices. Still, their voices are ignored by their own legislatures. They are doing this in order to try to get our attention.  CAFTA passed under very undemocratic procedures in Honduras and Guatemala and El Salvador; with an early morning surprise vote in Honduras, we had parliamentarians from Honduras who just came here and told us that; and an emergency session in the Congress in Guatemala because, if they had considered it under regular order, it simply would not have passed. The public would have come into those chambers. They would have stood around the buildings and made their voices heard.  Not only does CAFTA do nothing to promote democracy among our neighbors, but in fact, it undermines democratic processes here at home. For example, CAFTA's chapter 10 undermines our ability to uphold our living standards because, under this proposed agreement, corporations have the right to sue a government directly if they feel their ability to earn a profit has been undermined, for example, by a public health law or regulation. Is safe drinking water not important? Not having streams polluted, is that not important?  CAFTA's chapter 10, which is modeled on NAFTA's investor right provisions, goes way beyond the rights granted to U.S. companies in the law. Under NAFTA's rules, indirect expropriation and loss of future profits constitute grounds for a NAFTA case. These rules have been reproduced in CAFTA, and they threaten a wide array of legitimate public health and environmental protections.  Under NAFTA's investor provisions, several attacks have already been made on our democratically passed laws. For example, and I will just go through two of these, a Canadian gold mining company under NAFTA recently sued the United States to escape the cleanup and reclamation of a mine site in the United States, claiming this would have interfered with the Canadian company's profits. Well, too bad. Why should they leave behind squalor in this country or any other one? Another example, a Canadian company challenged California's right to ban the gasoline additive MTBE. California banned that ingredient because it leaks from underground gasoline storage tanks and polluted drinking and surface water throughout that water-short State. The Canadian company, Methanex, sued California for almost $1 billion because, they said, their profits were allegedly harmed by California's MTBE ban. Now, what sense does that make? Do we not have a social compact here? Do we not have the right to protect people and under freedom's institutions make sure that our laws reflect that?  CAFTA aims to constrain local and national procurement laws that could otherwise address off-shoring, which I know my colleagues are concerned about, or promote economies that serve our communities, promoting living wage jobs and healthy ecosystems. What is wrong with that?  In closing my opening remarks today, I guess I would have to say, what is next? What will be left of our democracy here at home after more trade agreements like CAFTA? What kind of model are we exporting, where freedom is shortchanged, where profits are given the green light? We should only have free trade among free people. We should use trade as a lever to raise living standards, and we should place freedom first. It is truly a joy to be with my colleagues here this evening and to try to fight in freedom's cause.  