Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, this resolution properly recognizes the government of Canada for its commitment to the global war on terror.  As you know, Madam Speaker, we have forged strong relations with our neighbor to the north, and we are united by common ideals and shared interests. Relations between the U.S. and Canada are strong, and our cooperation in the global war on terrorism is productive and robust.  The arrest of 17 alleged homegrown Islamic jihadists in Canada last week was a vivid reminder that we are in this war together. Canadian prosecutors claim the men plotted to storm the Canadian Parliament building in Ottawa, take hostages, and behead Prime Minister Stephen Harper if the Canadian Government refused to withdraw its 2,300 troops now stationed in Afghanistan. The group also considered bombing a nuclear power plant, the Toronto Stock Exchange, and other targets in Toronto or Ottawa. I praise Canadian law enforcement and their security forces for their excellent work in closing down that terror cell.  Last month, Madam Speaker, the Canadian Parliament voted to extend Canada's peace and security mission in Afghanistan for another 2 years, until 2009. Canada is a steadfast partner in the global war on terror. Canada has roughly 2,300 defense personnel in Afghanistan and is leading the efforts against a resurgent Taliban and al Qaeda force in southern Afghanistan and is working to combat narcotics trafficking there.  Canada has also pledged $650 million in developmental aid to Afghanistan; and Afghanistan, as it turns out, is Canada's largest recipient of bilateral development aid.  Madam Speaker, it is worth remembering that 24 Canadian citizens were killed as a result of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States. Seventeen Canadian military personnel have been killed in the line of duty in Afghanistan. Last month Canadian Captain Nichola Goddard was killed in the line of duty in Kandahar, Afghanistan. This is the ultimate sacrifice, and we certainly mourn her loss and the sacrifices made by her fellow soldiers.  We appreciate in America the role Canada plays in hemispheric and global peacekeeping and humanitarian operations in Afghanistan, in Haiti, in Darfur, and in other conflict areas.  Madam Speaker, President Bush met with Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada and President Vicente Fox of Mexico 2 months ago to move ahead with new initiatives to promote competitiveness and security. The Security and Prosperity Partnership, or SPP, for North America is a bold set of activities to strengthen our borders, promote free and secure commerce and air transportation, and to harmonize the regulatory process.  Canada is taking actions on flashpoints around the world. After Hamas' election victory and refusal to repudiate violence, Canada was the first nation in the world to cut off contacts and suspend assistance to the Palestinian Authority, while preserving humanitarian support for the Palestinian people. Canada listed in like manner the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, or the LTTE, as a terrorist group under their criminal code, impeding terrorist financing of the LTTE and other forms of support.  Prime Minister Harper intervened personally with Afghan President Karzai to insist that the religious and civil rights of a Christian convert, Abdul Rahman, be fully protected and to convey Canada's concern that his treatment not undermine Afghanistan's international rehabilitation. At the U.N., Canada is, and hopefully will always be, a steadfast supporter for Israel.  In sum, though we may not always be in lock-step in our policies and our approach, Canada remains a steadfast ally on the war on terrorism and a promoter of democracy and freedom throughout the world.  I urge support for the concurrent resolution.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  