Madam Speaker, the House just isn't going to be the same without Henry Hyde--one of the rarest, most accomplished and most distinguished Members of Congress ever to serve.  Henry Hyde is a class act. He is a man of deep and abiding faith, he is generous to a fault and he has an incisive mind that works seamlessly with his incredible sense of humor. He is a man who inspires and challenges us to look beyond surface appeal arguments. He is a speaker of truth in a society that all too often is willing to accept cheap sophism, the plausible and the fraudulent. And Henry Hyde compels us to take seriously the admonitions of Holy Scripture to care for the downtrodden, the vulnerable and the least of our brethren.  The Almanac of American Politics has written that Henry Hyde is ``one of the most respected and intellectually honest members of the House'' and ``has proven himself as one of the most eloquent members of the House'' and that his ``speeches are classics.''  In abortion debates Henry Hyde remains the great defender of children and their moms, the champion of the most fundamental of all human rights--the right to life. Because of the Hyde amendment countless young children and adults walk on this earth today and have an opportunity to prosper because they were spared destruction when they were most at risk. With malice towards none, Henry Hyde often took to this microphone to politely ask us to show compassion and respect--even love--for the innocent and inconvenient baby about to be annihilated. In one speech here on this floor he stated, ``for over two centuries of our national history, we have struggled to create a society of inclusion--we keep widening the circle of those for whom we are responsible--the aged, the infirm, the poor. Slaves were freed, women were enfranchised, civil rights and voting rights acts were passed, our public spaces made accessible to the handicapped, Social Security for the elderly--all in the name of widening the circle of inclusion and protection. This great trajectory in our national history has been shattered by Roe v. Wade and its progeny. By denying an entire class of human beings the welcome and protection of our laws, we have betrayed the best in our tradition. We have also put at risk every life which someday someone might find inconvenient. What I ask here today, ``welcome the little stranger.''  In another speech on U.S. foreign policy in the 21st century given in Committee back in 2001, Henry eloquently summed up the challenges and I quote in part ``As a new century opens, the United States finds itself at a unique moment, not only in its own history, but in that of the world as well. We stand at the pinnacle of power: in virtually every area--military, economic, technological, cultural, political--we enjoy a primacy that is unprecedented and virtually unchallenged. Our potential at times seems unlimited, to some perhaps even permanent. . . . But as pleasant as these thoughts may be, I confess that I also see much that concerns me. . . . The concern I speak of is the longer-term, specifically how well we will use the enormous power we currently possess to secure the future for our country and the generations to come. The wealth of opportunities we currently possess are not permanent; the luxury of choice may be a passing one. To believe that we shall always be above the fray, untouched and untouchable by the forces of destruction still at work in this world, is a dangerous illusion . . . The principal problem, the one that concerns me the most, is that we have no long-term strategy, no practical plan for shaping the future. . . . Despite our power, we must resist the temptation of believing we can fix every problem, indulge in every wish. Part of our strategy must be to decide what we cannot do, what we choose not to do, and to ensure that others take up their responsibilities. . . . So even as we revel in our good fortune, my great hope is that we will use this gift of time to plan for the future, unhurried, uncoerced, but mindful of the task at hand, aware that our opportunity to do so is a mortal one. The choice is clear: We can either shape the future or have it shape us. A century ago, Britain stood majestically at the height of her power. Within 40 years, the knife was at her throat, and she survived only because the United States was there to rescue her. But, Mr. Secretary, as you are well aware, there is no one to rescue us. That is why we must think long and hard about how we can use the opportunities that Providence and the labors of two centuries have provided us to so shape the world that the need for rescue never occurs.''  A Congressman for 32 years, a Chairman for 6 years of the Judiciary Committee and for another 6 years Chairman of the International Relations Committee, Henry has been a prodigious lawmaker. With uncanny skill, determination and grace, he has crafted numerous, historic bipartisan laws and common sense policies that have lifted people out of poverty, helped alleviate disease, strengthened the U.S. Code to protect victims and get the criminals off the streets and has been magnificent in his defense of democracy and freedom both here and overseas.  One of his many legislative accomplishments includes his authorship of the President's Emergency Plan For AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), a 5-year $15 billion plan to combat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria. During the debate Chairman Hyde was positively incisive as he compared the HIV/AIDS crisis to the Bubonic plague of the 14th century--the black death--and challenged us to enact a comprehensive program, which we did, to rescue the sick, assist the dying and prevent the contagion from spreading.  Having served with this brilliant one-of-a-kind lawmaker for my 26 years here, I hope Henry Hyde knows that I--and so many others--will truly miss him. He is as irreplaceable as irreplaceable can get.  