Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, the Davis amendment seeks to turn our military hospitals into abortion mills. With all due respect to my friend and colleague from California, the amendment will result in babies being brutally killed by abortion, and women will be harmed and prolife Americans will be forced to facilitate and subsidize the slaughter of innocent children.  Abortion is violence against children, Mr. Chairman, and it harms women. Some methods including dismembering and ripping apart the fragile bodies of these children. Other methods include chemical poison. RU-486, a baby pesticide that was rushed to approval by the Clinton administration bypassing safety protocals along the way isn't just lethal to babies; it kills women as well. It is poison. Several women have died after taking RU-486.  Mr. Chairman, one of the methods depicted to my left is the D&E method. It is a common later-term method of abortion in which the arms and the legs and the torso of the baby are painfully hacked into pieces. The Davis amendment, make no mistake about it, would authorize this kind of child abuse.  Mr. Chairman, we can't allow that to happen. We can't kill babies like this. With all due respect to my friend, this is child abuse and it harms women. Vote against the Davis amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding me time, and I thank him for his affirming the inherent value and dignity of both mothers and children.  Mr. Chairman, 90 percent of the hospitals in the United States today refuse to abort unborn children, and the trend is for hospitals to divest themselves of this violence against children.  Yet as hospitals in our country repudiate abortion, because abortion kills, the Davis amendment seeks to turn our overseas military hospitals into abortion mills. With all due respect to the gentlewoman from California, the amendment she offers will result in babies being brutally killed by abortion. It will harm women, and it will force pro-life Americans to facilitate and subsidize the slaughter of innocent children.  Abortion is violence against children and it harms women. Some methods of abortion dismember and rip apart the fragile little bodies of children. Other methods chemically poison kids. RU-486--a baby pesticide that was rushed to FDA approval by the Clinton Administration by waiving numerous safety protocols including the use of Subchapter H--isn't just lethal to babies, but has killed several women. It is poison. Abortion has turned children's bodies into burned corpses, the direct result of the caustic effect of the chemicals.  Now we know as well, Mr. Chairman, from science and from medicine that due to the nerve cell development, unborn children from at least 20 weeks onward, and most likely even earlier, feel excruciating pain. They feel pain, two to four times more pain than you and I would feel from the same assault. So abortion mills aren't just child killing mills--but they are torture chambers as well.  One of those methods depicted to my left on this poster board, the D and E method, it is a common, later-term method of abortion, in which the arms and the legs and the torso are painfully hacked into pieces. The Davis amendment would authorize this child abuse in military hospitals. We can't let that happen.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, Dr. Alveda King, niece of the late Dr. Martin Luther King, has said, ``How can the dream survive if we murder the children?''  Dr. King, who has had two abortions herself, but is now pro-life and bravely speaks out, says, ``We can no longer sit idly by and allow this horrible spirit of murder to cut down and cut away our unborn. This is the day to choose life.'' Dr. King goes on to say, ``We must allow our babies to live. If the dream of Dr. Martin Luther King is to live, our babies must live.''  There is nothing benign or nurturing or curing about abortion. It is violence against children. It dismembers them. It chemically poisons them.  Vote down the Davis amendment.  