Mr. Speaker, before yielding back, this is one of the last bills, if not the last bill, that the IR committee will consider tonight. I would just like to say as the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global, Human Rights and International Relations, I would just say a brief word about our distinguished chairman, Chairman Hyde.  Mr. Speaker, the House just isn't going to be the same without Henry Hyde, one of the rarest, most accomplished and most distinguished Members of Congress ever to serve. Henry Hyde is a class act. He is a man of deep and abiding faith. He is generous to a fault, and he has an incisive mind that works seamlessly with his incredible sense of humor. He is a speaker of truth in a society that all too often is willing to accept cheap sophism, the plausible and the fraudulent.  He is a man who inspires and challenges all of us to look beyond surface appeal arguments, and Henry Hyde compels us to take seriously the admonitions of holy scripture to care for the downtrodden, the vulnerable and least of our brethren. The ``Almanac of American Policy'' has written that Henry Hyde is one of the most respected and intellectually honest Members of the House and has proven himself as one of the most eloquent Members as well. His speeches, they point out, and I agree, are classics.  Mr. Speaker, in abortion debates Henry Hyde remains the great defender of children and their moms, the champion of the most fundamental of all human rights, the right to life. Because of the Hyde amendment, countless young children and adults walk on this Earth. They have had an opportunity to prosper now, and they were spared the destruction when they were most at risk. With malice towards none, Henry Hyde took to this microphone to politely asked us to show compassion and respect, even love for the innocent and inconvenient baby who was about to be annihilated. In one speech on the floor he pointed out how important it was to be inclusive to welcome the stranger.  As we all know, Congressman Hyde was a Congressman and is a Congressman for 32 years, chairman for 6 of Judiciary, chairman of the IR for 6 years as well. He has been a prodigious lawmaker, with uncanny skill, determination and grace. He has crafted numerous bipartisan laws and commonsense policies that have lifted people out of poverty, helped obliterate disease, criminals off the street and has been magnificent in the defense of democracy and freedom both here and overseas.  Finally, one of his many legislative accomplishments includes his authorship of the President's emergency plan for AIDS relief, PEPFAR, a 5-year $15 billion plan to combat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria. During those committees and debates on the floor, Chairman Hyde was persuasive and highly incisive as he compared the HIV/AIDS crisis to the bubonic plague of the 14th century, the Black Death, and challenged us to enact a comprehensive program, which we did, to rescue the sick, assist the dying and prevent the contagion spreading. Having served with this brilliant one-of-a-kind lawmaker for the past 26 years, I hope Henry Hyde knows that I and so many others will truly miss him. He is as irreplaceable as irreplaceable can get.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my good friend from California (Mr. Royce).  