Speaker, I rise in opposition to this flawed health care bill.  Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to revise and extend my remarks against this flawed health care bill.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the Democrat health reform legislation that imposes billions of dollars in new job killing taxes on American small business owners and families. Make no mistake about it, at a time when the unemployment in the United States is over 10 percent, over 14 percent in some parts of my district, this Congress is choosing to take up a health reform bill that is a job killer.  Small business owners struggling to make ends meet who cannot afford to buy government approved insurance for their employees will be subject to a $2,000 dollar per employee tax. When employers realize they can afford neither the government mandated insurance nor this egregious new tax they will have no choice but to lay off more employees.  For employers who can afford to provide health insurance to their employees, this bill contains billions of new taxes and mandates that will raise their premiums. These will drive up the cost of insurance, forcing many employers and private individuals to reduce or drop their coverage.  In addition, this bill imposes a never before seen Medicare tax that would, for the very first time, apply to capital gains, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and other investment income of singles earning over $200,000 and couples earning over $250,000. Currently, capital gains and dividends are taxed at a top rate of 15 percent, but those rates are already scheduled to rise in 2011 to 20 percent and 39.6 percent, respectively. When the expansion of the Medicare tax is coupled with the already scheduled capital gains rate increase, long-term capital gains rates would rise by from 15 percent to 23.8 percent and the top tax rate on dividends would nearly triple from 15 percent to 43.4 percent.  At a time when Congress should be focusing on incentivizing investment in America and putting people back to work we are instead here today to levy over $560 billion dollars in new taxes on the American public and approve over $938 billion dollars in new entitlement spending. I urge my colleagues to stop this massive government expansion and focus on America's most pressing issue, putting our citizens back to work.  