Chairman.       I apologize, I was away for a while. I was on the floor.      And this may have been brought up, which is the problem with      the commercial real estate sector at the present time.       As you know, commercial real estate values throughout the      United States are literally collapsing, going down as much as      40 percent, 50 percent in some areas. And most experts assume      that this continuing collapse in commercial real estate      values will continue through 2011, 2012.       Deutsche Bank just did, in a recent study, of about $1.4      trillion in outstanding. commercial paper, a significant part      of that will come due by 2013. Almost half of it is      underwater.       As you know, a lot of these small and midsized banks are      primarily exposed to these commercial loans. And the      regulators in day-to-day activities aren't helping much,      especially on the performing assets. We have performing      assets where people are making their payments, making their      tax payments, making their insurance payments, are current,      and yet the bank is bringing them in because of appraised      values and telling them to come in with a significant capital      call, which they can't do in this credit market.       And what the banks are doing is taking back the property,      having to put it in the loan loss side of their ledger, which      is taking credit away from these banks, because they don't      have the money.       So what can we do--this wouldn't, from my perspective, cost      the government anything. If banks have discretion on      performing assets, why aren't the banks given discretion to      footnote that these assets--and they are assets--are current      and can be treated as an asset rather than a liability on the      balance sheet?       Secretary GEITHNER. You are right about the problem, and      you are right that we have a ways to go to get through the      broader adjustment in commercial real estate that is still      ahead of us. And we discussed it a little bit when you were      away, but I think, again, the two most important things we      can do in this area is to make sure that small community      banks, which have a lot of commercial real estate exposure,      have the ability to come take capital from the government to      help make sure they don't have to cut lending further to      their business clients.       But, also, we can--and we have been continuing to work with      the bank supervisors, so they are providing guidance to their      examiners and that message gets out across the country that      they don't, frankly, overreact, overreact to decline in the      value of collateral and they look at the broader cash flows,      earnings potential of the company as a whole, as they are      looking at loan classification decisions.       