Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to speak for peace. I can no longer keep silent. Mr. Speaker, the time for silence is long past. As we debate the rule on the Defense Authorization Act of 2006, I believe that somebody, someplace, sometime, must stand up and speak up for the cause of peace.  Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to bring the conflict in Iraq to an end; 12,000 of our young men and women, the sons and daughters of America, have been wounded, and more than 1,600 of our soldiers have died. Tens of thousands of Iraqi citizens are dead, wounded, living in fear and chaos, uncertain about tomorrow.  How many more of our young men and women will we have to lose in a car bombing, a kidnapping or armed conflict before we understand that this war was unnecessary?  I have said it before, and I say it again today: war is vicious. It is evil. It is bloody. It is messy. It destroys the hopes, the dreams, the longing and aspirations of a people. It leaves little children without fathers and mothers. The war in Iraq is tampering with the very soul of our Nation.  In these Chambers we have struggled with many human problems. We have made decisions that have changed the course of history. Today I ask of my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, to search their souls and ask themselves, is it possible for a great Nation to come to a point where we decide to lay down the burden of war? Is it possible for a great Nation, a powerful Nation with a proud people to evolve to that level where we study war no more; where we decide we are going to destroy the tools and instruments of violence and war and devote all of our intelligence and all of the resources of this great Nation to lay the foundation for peace?  The way of peace is a better way, a more excellent way. We cannot and must not continue to move down the road that leads to a more bloody war, more violence, more death. If we fail to take heed, if we fail to listen and be guided by the spirit of history, the future will not be kind to us.  