Mr. Speaker, I think it is fitting and so appropriate that Members of the U.S. House of Representatives pay tribute to the Honorable John Dingell on his 50 years of distinguished service in this body.  I want to take a little time to thank my friend John Dingell for all he has done to make America a better place.  When I was growing up in rural Alabama, and I would visit the little town of Troy, I saw those signs that said ``White Men, Colored Men, White Women, Colored Women, White Waiting, Colored Waiting.''  I used to ask my mother, my father, my grandparents, and great grandparents, ``Why segregation? Why racial discrimination?''  And they would tell me, ``Don't get in trouble. Don't get in the way.'' John Dingell got in trouble. He got in the way. And it was good trouble. It was necessary trouble.  For the past 50 years, John Dingell has said through his leadership and with his votes, that as Americans, we have a right to know what is in the food we eat, the water we drink, and the air we breathe. He has said that all Americans have a right to expect and demand simple justice.  He came here to Washington at a time when there was a great deal of drama all over this Nation related to civil rights and social justice. But John Dingell wasn't afraid to take a stand for what is right.  Mr. Speaker, I believe it was no accident that 12 days before John Dingell was elected in 1955, a humble and dignified woman named Rosa Parks decided to stand up by sitting down on a city bus in Montgomery, Alabama.  It was no accident that in 1955, the world learned a 14-year-old boy named Emmett Till was kidnapped and murdered in Money, Mississippi.  It was no accident that in 1955 the U.S. Supreme Court said the Brown v. Board of Education decision should be carried out with ``all deliberate speed.''  It was no accident that in that same year, Congressman John Dingell took the place of his father in the House of Representatives. And when he did, he took this oath: He said, ``. . . I will support and defend the constitution . . . against all enemies, foreign and domestic . . . and I will faithfully discharge the duties of this office . . . so help me God.''  He has used the power of his office to fight for the cause of justice, to protect what is good, what is honorable, what is great about America. He used all his power to defend the integrity of this great Nation.  I said this about the late Rosa Parks, and I think it also applies to John Dingell. There is a force that I like to call the spirit of history that can track you down and select you to help right the wrongs of this world.  John Dingell is one among a chosen few in the U.S. House of Representatives who helped chart a new ethical and legislative future for these United States.  I am among the many who call him the Dean of the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, John Dingell showed us all how it should be done. He is a champion of the people from the great state of Michigan who has brought honor and dignity to this chamber. It has been an honor and a pleasure to serve with him.  Mrs. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my friend and colleague, John Dingell.  Mr. Dingell has been a member of the House for 50 years. He is truly an institution within this institution.  Mr. Dingell has been a leader in passing legislation to improve people's lives. And he has an unmatched record of fighting corruption and waste in this body and throughout the government.  I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will take a good look at Mr. Dingell's record of accomplishment and cooperation.  Mr. Dingell has demonstrated how well this body can operate and how much we can achieve by setting aside partisan differences and working together to do what's right for the American people.  Whether you are a Democrat or Republican, whether you are on the same side of an issue or have an opposing view, Mr. Dingell will work with you to make our country a better place.  The ultimate tribute to the Dean of the House on his first 50 years of service would be to follow his lead and end the partisanship and politics of personal destruction that's going on now.  Our country needs members of Congress to lead, not constantly question the motivation of those who do not agree with them.  Mr. Dingell serves as the founding fathers intended us to serve.  I am proud to call Mr. Dingell a colleague. And I am honored to call him a friend. And I look forward to working with him in coming years to help make America stronger and better place.  