Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise and speak in honor of a wonderful colleague and a beloved friend, Bob Matsui. No one, but no one, was more able and more respected in this body than Bob Matsui. I came here a little over 18 years ago, and I met this man who was so thoughtful, kind, and gentle. Sometimes in this body we call each other ``the honorable, the gentleman, the gentlewoman.'' Bob Matsui was honorable, and he was a gentleman. He was honorable in the truest sense of that word.  I remember when I first came here in the fall of 1986. During freshman orientation, we had a dinner at Statuary Hall. My 10-year-old son, John Miles, came with me; and Bob Matsui took the time to engage my son in conversation. My young son, only 10 years old, really appreciated that. Bob Matsui took the time to talk to him and almost treated him like another member of the freshman class. He grew to admire and like Bob Matsui. When I informed him that Bob Matsui had passed, he said, ``Daddy, I really liked him. I am sorry. I am so sorry.''  We lost a colleague, and some of us have lost a friend. The American people have lost a champion and a warrior who fought to protect Social Security and looked out for the young and all of those who have been left out and left behind in America.  There are people in this business that we meet from time to time who love the world, but they do not necessarily like people. Bob Matsui not only liked people, but he loved. He loved all of us, and we loved him.  A few short years ago, I had the opportunity to spend a weekend in Bob's district. He took me to a university where we had a community meetingwith students and faculty. We listened, we spoke, and we listened. As a matter of fact, on the campus when we arrived, there were chickens running all around. I said, Bob, I feel really at home with all of these chickens. So when I got up to speak, I said to the president of the university, I said, Mr. President, I know there is some controversy about chickens on the campus, but do not move the chickens; let the chickens stay here. And Bob laughed and laughed, and we got an agreement out of the president that the chickens would remain on the campus.  We visited schools, we visited a synagogue, a church, and a service in memory of Dr. King. During that trip, I witnessed the love that Bob Matsui had for his people and the love that they demonstrated for him.  I tell my colleagues, it seems so unreal, so unbelievable; it is almost impossible to comprehend the loss of a friend, the loss of a brother, a colleague, a husband, a father, a grandfather. What more can be said about this man? His life was not in vain. He gave of himself. He was just a warm, decent, good human being who treated each and every one of us with respect.  When I was walking across the grounds of the Capitol today a few hours ago, a police officer came up to me and said, ``Congressman, when you speak to Mrs. Matsui, please tell her on behalf of all of the Capitol Police officers that her husband was a good man and he treated us well.''  As a Nation and as a people, this is a great loss. Bob Matsui represents something very special. I, for one, I do not believe that we will ever be so lucky or so blessed to witness his likeness again. May God bless his soul.  At this very difficult time, our prayers and our thoughts are with his beloved wife, Doris; his son, Brian; his daughter-in-law, Amy; his granddaughter, Anna; his staff; and the people of the Fifth Congressional District of California. May they find comfort and peace in the love and memory of this great and beloved man.  