Mr. Speaker, there are many today who may not understand today why December 1, 1955, will long be remembered throughout American history. That was the day a quiet, somewhat shy, 42-year old African American seamstress named Rosa Parks was ordered to get up and give her seat to a white passenger on a city bus in Montgomery, Alabama. For many years, countless times, all day, every day, all throughout the American South, African Americans had submitted to that humiliating demand. But that one December day, Rosa Parks simply refused to get up. It is true, she volunteered for the local NAACP chapter in Montgomery, but she had not planned a protest that day. She was just trying to get home. She was tired, and she had had enough.  Through that one simple act, Rosa Parks displayed nothing short of raw courage. It was dangerous--very dangerous--to defy the customs, traditions, and laws of racial discrimination and segregation in the South. The Brown v. Board of Education decision had been issued by the Supreme Court only 18 months before. In reaction, violence arid intimidation erupted all across the South. There was so much tension, so much hate. In August of 1955, a 14-year-old African American boy, named Emmett Till had been murdered and mutilated by two white men while he was visiting his uncle in Money, Mississippi.  I believe there is a force--call it God or the spirit of history--that tracks us down and selects us to participate in a cause much greater than ourselves. Rosa Parks followed her own compass that day, and she allowed herself to be used for good. She could have been killed. Instead she was arrested, booked, and taken to jail because she would not give up her seat on a public bus. When the African American community of Montgomery heard what had happened to the demure and beautiful woman they knew as Rosa Parks, the news spread like wildfire. And people began to say, ``If Rosa Parks can do it, so can I.''  By sitting down, Rosa Parks was standing up, and with her she carried the hopes, dreams, aspirations, and yearnings of hundreds and thousands of oppressed people. She inspired an entire generation to take a stand by sitting-in at lunch counters and restaurants, by standing-in at theaters, by integrating public transportation on the Freedom Rides, and by organizing voter registration campaigns in the deepest and most dangerous part of the South. It was also in response to Rosa Parks' protest that a new, young minister named Martin Luther King, Jr. was called upon to be the spokesperson and leader of the movement that would ultimately become the Montgomery Bus Boycott.  That one simple, elegant act ignited a powerful non-violent movement that changed America forever. So when we pay tribute to Rosa Parks, we are saluting more than the mother of the modern day civil rights movement. We are honoring one of the founders of the New America, perhaps ultimately a founder of the Beloved Community, a truly interracial democracy where we lay down the burden of race and class.  The story of Rosa Parks reminds us that we are all one people, one family--the American family, the human family. And she reminds us that the actions of one single person have power, power to inspire a generation to greatness, power to make presidents, governors and members of Congress do what is right, even if they had not intended to. Rosa Parks teaches us that no matter what the challenge, even in the face of death, sometimes each of us is called upon to stand up, speak up, and speak out against the injustice of our day and time. And if we do, maybe, just maybe it might change a nation. And if we are as lucky as Rosa Parks, maybe it might even change the world.  