President, I thank the Senator from Nebraska for his leadership on this issue. Where we come from, ethanol is a big deal. It is a big deal because we have a lot of corn growers, farmers who need to have a better price for their corn. They need increased demand for their sales in the United States and overseas, and we know the ethanol industry consumes about 1 out of every 6 acres of corn across America. So as we increase the demand for ethanol in America, we increase the demand for corn, raising the prices and helping our farmers to sustain their farm operations and to have less dependence on the Federal Government from year to year.  This is a major breakthrough. I salute all those responsible for it: Senator Tom Daschle, Senator Jeff Bingaman, Senator Ben Nelson of Nebraska, as well as all those on the Republican side of the aisle. What has happened for the first time in 20 years since I have been on Capitol Hill is that we finally have reached this moment where we have an agreement, an agreement between the ethanol producers--the corn growers, obviously--and the oil industry. This is a big breakthrough because this has been a pitched battle for two decades, with the oil companies doing everything they can to suppress ethanol production.  In this bill, we have a consensus agreement that has been crafted by the leaders who brought the bill to the floor, and with that agreement we will triple the use of ethanol in the United States over the next 10 years. In tripling it, it will not just help the economics of the farm bill, it will mean we are going to have cleaner air in America, a better environment for America in its cities and its towns, and less dependence on foreign oil. That, to me, is a positive at three different levels.  I salute all those responsible for it: the Renewable Fuels Association, National Corn Growers, American Petroleum Industries, the American Farm Bureau, the Farmers Union, and so many others. This really makes a difference.  As a result of this decision, we are going to see more ethanol blended with gasoline. It is going to mean the exhaust coming out of our tailpipes across America for years to come is going to be less of a threat to the families across America. When we face an epidemic of lung and respiratory disease such as asthma and other problems, it is essential we continue to move forward with the use of this clean-burning fuel.  I have been chairman of the House Alcohol Fuels Caucus and a member of the Senate Alcohol Fuels Caucus. I can tell you this is a great day. I salute all those who crafted this wonderful compromise which is going to really make a commitment.  I think Senator Nelson alluded to what will happen. Now that there is some certainty this bill will be signed into law, you will have more and more ethanol production coming on line. And for my selfish reasons, for downstate Illinois, where our economy is struggling with high unemployment and where we have more ethanol produced than anywhere in America, we want to see plants springing up, not just in Illinois but in Nebraska, Missouri, Iowa, South and North Dakota--wherever we can find the agricultural feed stock to produce ethanol. We have the potential of creating good-paying jobs and then to have the technology from its source near the usage point that can help our economy all across the Midwest.  This is a terrific shot in the arm in terms of the economy of the Midwest, in terms of the environment of the Nation. I salute all those who worked so hard to make this a reality.  The second half of my statement is not as positive or optimistic or hopeful, but I want to add it because I think it is essential that we keep this achievement in perspective with what we are about to do this morning in just 2 hours on the floor of the Senate.  By every vote count that I have seen, we are about to reject any significant increase in fuel efficiency in automobiles and trucks across America as part of this energy bill. The special interests who have come to Capitol Hillto fight off any improvement in fuel efficiency are about to score a big victory this morning. That is a sad commentary on the Senate and on our efforts to be honest in trying to find a way, at least, to move toward energy independence and energy security for America. It is a triumph for these special interests. It is a defeat for the American people. It is about to happen in just 2 hours on the floor of this Senate.  The opponents of increasing fuel efficiency have no faith in the ability of America's creative genius to come up with better technology and better science so we can have more fuel-efficient vehicles. The opponents of this fuel efficiency standard have no faith in the American people. They stand in the Chamber and say: We wouldn't dare tell people they couldn't buy bigger and fatter SUVs year after year.  I think more of the American people understand we are at war against terrorism; we are a nation at risk; we are dependent on foreign oil. These American families and businesses are ready to participate, roll up their sleeves and help America move toward energy security. To suggest we would not dare ask them to consider buying a different vehicle 5 or 10 years from now is an affront to the unity which America has shown since September 11.  Finally, it is a reflection on this Senate, as well as the House of Representatives, for its failure to show leadership on this critical issue. In 1975, this Congress took a look at the average fuel economy of fleets across America at 14 miles per gallon, brought together the political courage despite the opposition of the Big Three in Detroit, and said in 10 years we are going to double fuel efficiency in vehicles across America from 14 to 27.5 miles a gallon.  We were told by the Big Three: it is impossible; we can't do it. We will be selling vehicles people don't want to buy. They will be kiddy cars and go-carts--that is the only way to achieve it, and you will drive businesses overseas.  They were wrong then, and they are wrong now. In over 10 years we doubled the fuel efficiency of vehicles across America. By 1985, we were at 27.5 miles per gallon. So what happened between 1985 and today? In terms of increasing fuel efficiency, absolutely nothing. Nothing has been done by Congress or by the industry in the United States to produce automobiles and trucks that are more fuel efficient.  So we come today with a proposal that over the next 12 or 13 years we will increase fuel efficiency by 30 percent. It is going to be rejected on the floor of the Senate. That, to me, is shameful. It is shameful that we have reached the point where we have no faith in America's technology, no faith in the people of this country to stand behind energy security, and no faith in the ability of the Senate to show leadership at a time when this country expects us to do so.  I can tell you, quite frankly, that the Senate will bow down to the special interests this morning so that America has to bow down to OPEC for decades to come.  That is a sad commentary on the Senate and this energy bill.  It is naive for the American people to believe we can truly have energy security and independence if we don't address the efficiency of the vehicles we drive. Approximately 40 percent of the oil we are bringing up today from underground is being used to fill our vehicles. By the year 2020, over 50 percent is going to be used for highway travel and for vehicles and trucks. If you do not address fuel efficiency, you are not dealing honestly with the question of America's energy future.  I can't believe we are standing here today to witness this on the floor of the Senate. But by every vote count that I have seen, we are going to lose big. The special interests are going to come in and tell us there is no way they can design an engine for fuel efficiency. I don't believe it. Frankly, I am embarrassed by the fact that most of the good technology that is leading the way in fuel efficiency and emissions has come from overseas automakers. We are better than that. American is better than that.  For the Senate to abandon any hope that we can develop this technology is a sad commentary on this view of what our potential is as a nation. For them to turn their backs on the fact that if we don't have better fuel efficiency we are going to continue to be independent on foreign oil for decades to come is, frankly, a tragic mistake.  I sincerely hope that good numbers about renewable fuel standards will be part of this ultimate legislation. I hope even more that before the end of the morning hour we will see some courage in this Senate to stand up to the special interests, stand up to OPEC, and say we are truly going to move towards energy security in this Nation.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Clinton). The Senator from Nebraska is recognized.  