I thank the Senator for his always valuable advice.  The Senator from Missouri, in all fairness, was not here at the opening of my comments about the system. I want the Senator to reflect for a moment on some of the things he said and some of the things which we know to be true. The Senator undoubtedly points to St. Louis County which has an excellent record on the punchcard system. But the simple fact according to the Caltech-MIT study is that nationwide the No. 1 voting system which voided ballots cast for President in the year 2000 was the punchcard system. There was no other system as bad as the punchcard system for taking away a person's right to vote for President in the year 2000. That is a fact. They conclude 300,000 Americans went to vote for President and their votes were not counted on punchcard systems, but would have been on other systems such as optical scan. Punchcard systems didn't work as well. They spoiled their ballots.  To suggest there is no problem defies the obvious statistical information in evidence we have been given.  The Senator from Missouri also said you can check out your ballot before you leave the punchcard voting place. He is right. I have done it. It is no small feat. Remember those pictures of the judges in Florida staring at the little holes in the cards, trying to figure out which hole had been punched, what was hanging, what was pregnant, what was gone, what was here, what was there?  If we are going to turn voting in America into this kind of bunco game to see how we can stop someone from exercising their right to vote, we ought to mandate punchcard systems. We know that is the system that takes the vote away for President of the United States, whether you are a Democrat or a Republican.  I know what it means to check the ballots, the punchcard ballots. Better have good eyesight and patience to match up every hole in the card to the number next to it on the ballot in front of you.  There has been lots of talk about Federal mandates. I didn't write the compromise substitute amendment before the Senate. I believe the Senator from Connecticut, the Senator from Kentucky, and even the Senator from Missouri had a voice in this. I refer Members to the opening of this amendment. Here is what the amendment the Senator is prepared to support, the substitute bill, says: Each voting system used in an election for Federal office shall meet the following requirements.  Like it or not, that is a mandate.  Among the requirements is to have a system that notifies voters of overvotes, and to give the voter the power to verify votes and the power to correct errors. That is a mandate currently in the law.  Senator Bond's amendment said we will make an exception for punchcard machines for one out of three voters. This Federal requirement to make sure people's votes count will not apply in a punchcard system.  I don't think that is fair. I don't think it is fair to voters across America who have little voice in the process as to what kind of voting machine they will face on election day.  What I think makes sense is to treat voters as fairly as possible, whether they live in St. Louis County, St. Louis city, or in rural Missouri. The same thing is true in Illinois.  What I am doing, some can say, is not to my advantage. Cook County has a court order saying we will check the punchcards to make sure people get a chance to vote correctly. This amendment will apply to the whole State, the Republican rural areas as well as the inner-city Democratic areas.  Make no mistake, the people most likely disadvantaged by the weakness of the punchcard system are people living in cities that are overwhelmingly minority and low-income people. Once again, when it comes to voting in America, if you happen to have enough money and live in the right place in America, you are not going to have a problem on election day. But if you happen to be a hard-working, blue-collar person who comes in to vote and is stuck with a punchcard system, the deck is stacked against you. And this bill doesn't help you one darned bit.  If we are going to do anything fair across America to help the situation in Florida and ourselves, for goodness' sake, give every American an opportunity to have their vote counted.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  