. businesses will accept their responsibilities as part of America, their responsibility not only to their workers, their investors, and shareholders, but the consumers and America at large.  Time and time again, what we find with the Bush administration is they turn their back and ignore this issue of corporate responsibility. We now have a ``Bermuda Triangle.'' This Bermuda Triangle is sucking in American jobs and American tax dollars as more and more corporations are moving their headquarters overseas. As they move their headquarters to Bermuda to avoid paying America's taxes, they are shirking their corporate responsibility to the United States.  When the Stanley Tool Company decided to move from the United States and put their corporate headquarters in Bermuda, did we hear any protests from this administration that they were shirking corporate responsibility? Not at all.  We saw in the paper yesterday that we now have the Norquist black list. Grover Norquist, one of the leading gurus of the Republican Party, has said he is creating a black list of those entities, organizations, and people in Washington who will not be acceptable and welcome in the Bush administration. They want their close circle of corporate friends to have entre to persuade this administration to move in the worst directions. They do not want to hear both points of view, the Norquist black list, part of this Bush administration philosophy.  It really comes through graphically on this issue of the Superfund. Who should pay for the toxic mess? The people who created the toxic mess or the taxpayers, the families of America?  What we are saying basically is if this burden is shifted to the taxpayers of America, corporate responsibility is abandoned. The corporations and businesses that create the mess should bear the burden of cleaning it up.  The Senator from California has made this point: In my State of Illinois, we have 39 sites on the Superfund list and 6 that have been formally proposed. Several others ultimately filledwith PCBs, arsenic chlorinated solvents, and other harmful compounds will qualify. The Bush administration says the corporations and industries responsible for this mess should not pay for it; American families, workers, and taxpayers ought to pay for it. Where is corporate responsibility in this administration?  