President, I will try to make my presentation briefer so they have more time if needed. I thank the Senator from New Mexico for his leadership on this issue.  This is supposed to be an energy bill which is going to give America more energy security, make us more independent of foreign oil sources, clean up our environment, and provide for the energy needs of the growing American economy in the 21st century. That is a tall order for any single piece of legislation.  What happened on the floor of the Senate yesterday calls into question whether or not we are facing this challenge responsibly. If we cannot pass a fuel economy standard, a fuel efficiency standard for cars and trucks in America, then we have given a great victory not only to the special interests who are fighting it but a great victory to OPEC. Yesterday was a wonderful day of victory for OPEC and all ofthe foreign oil producers who have America hooked on foreign sources of oil.  We came to the Senate floor and, by a vote of 67 to 32, better than a 2-to-1 margin, we rejected the notion that we would establish new fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks in America. We haven't had such a standard since 1985. So for 17 years, no progress has been made. And by its decision, 67 to 32 yesterday, this Senate said: And we are not interested in changing it in the future.  The Senate gave authority to NHTSA, the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, to take a look at it, consider it, view it, wrestle with it, to get back to us when they want to. That is totally unacceptable. It is an abdication of our responsibility to future generations. It is a decision which will come back to haunt us as we continue to be dependent on foreign energy sources.  This is going to drag us into political tight fixes and situations around the world where American lives will be at stake because the Senate does not have the courage to stand up and say to the American people: we need to give real leadership; to say to the Big Three in Detroit: you can do a better job, you can make better cars and trucks, and we challenge you to do it over a period of time; and to say to the American people: yes, you may not be able to buy the fattest, biggest SUV that can come out of your dream sequence, but we believe you can have a vehicle that is safe and fuel efficient for you and your family and your business.  We were unwilling to do that yesterday--too much to ask of the American people to consider that possibility. I looked at some of the comments that were written and said on the floor yesterday suggesting that the American people are just too self-centered to be prepared to make any sacrifices for the good of this country. How could anybody start with that premise after what we have seen since September 11?  This country is prepared to roll up its sleeves and fight the war on terrorism. This country is prepared to sacrifice if necessary to make us more secure. The families and businesses across this country are waiting for leadership from this Congress to make this a better, safer, and stronger Nation.  Yesterday, colleagues in opposition to fuel efficiency said: We wouldn't dare ask Americans to consider making that kind of sacrifice.  I am sorry. We missed a golden opportunity. I am afraid today we are about to do the same thing. It is bad enough that we can't have fuel efficiency standards. Now we are talking about what is known as a renewable portfolio which means looking at alternative forms of energy that do not threaten the environment and give us energy independence.  I applaud Senator Jeffords of Vermont. I was happy to cosponsor his amendment. He says America should move to the point where in the year 2020, about 18 years from now, 20 percent of our electricity is generated from renewable sources. Today it is about 4 percent. The underlying bill sets a goal of about 10 percent.  Why is this important? Because as we find other sources for electricity, we lessen our dependence on foreign sources, and we also have a cleaner environment. We create a new industry to promote and produce this technology which is going to make us less and less dependent on our current sources for the generation of electricity. Those sources would obviously be, in most instances, coal; in some instances it would be gas, natural gas; oil; or it could be nuclear.  I come from a State that produces coal. I would like to see us return to the day when coal becomes an environmentally responsible alternative to other sources of energy. I have voted, for 20 years, and I will continue to do so, for research to find ways to use that coal in an environmentally sensible way so that we can promote energy sources in the United States not at the expense of America's public health. We need to do that.  At the same time, we need to look to other sources that are benign, sources that can produce electricity without damaging the environment in any way. One of those that is clearly obvious is wind power. This is a new concept for a lot of people. They have not seen the wind generating stations across the United States, but they are popping up all over the place. Senator Grassley from Iowa is in the Chamber. The State of Iowa is seeing more and more of the wind-generated turbines that are, frankly, generating electricity for small and large uses. That makes a lot of sense, and it is part of the renewable portfolio.  It is important for us to keep an eye on these elements that can give us energy independence and a cleaner environment.  Wind power is used for electricity. It lights our homes, our office buildings, and powers our industries. It is very misleading for people to say we don't need to worry about wind power; we are going to go and drill for oil and gas in the Arctic; we are going to go to the ANWR area, the National Wildlife Refuge. That seems to be the only answer from the other side of the aisle when you talk about America's future energy needs. I think that is a false choice and a bad choice. There are many other concepts of conservation and fuel efficiency and making certain that we have alternative fuels that are going to be encouraged.  Can this be done? Can we really move to a 20-percent standard by the year 2020? We would have to work hard at it. We would have to have leadership in Washington. Take a look at some of the other countries around the world that have said they are going to do the same thing. Denmark, Spain, and Germany are already near 20 percent in their electricity production just from wind turbines alone. The European Union has a goal of reaching 22-percent renewable energy in electricity by the year 2010. The State of Nevada has a 15-percent RPS by 2013. Connecticut and Massachusetts are looking for similar goals. The State of California is currently at 12 or 13 percent in their renewable portfolio. The city of Chicago, under the leadership of Mayor Daley, has said they will move toward more wind power as a source of electricity.  In individual settings around the country and around the world, leaders are stepping up and saying: We accept the challenge. We believe we can do this. Whether we are going to use wind power, solar energy, geothermal or biomass, there are ways to do it that can be attained and attained successfully.  There will be critics who will come to the floor and say this is an idea that is also flawed, much like fuel efficiency in vehicles. They will toss out this opportunity for us to look ahead with vision and determination to become a nation that is more energy secure, more energy independent, and using sources of energy that are more environmentally acceptable.  I say to my colleagues: I hope we don't gut this provision when it comes to the renewable portfolio. Senator Jeffords has a valuable suggestion. I hope it is offered and that it passes. Please, let's not go any further down the chain lower than the 10 percent that is being called for by the underlying bill. If this is truly going to be an energy bill to meet our Nation's energy needs, we have to address the real issues of fuel efficiency, of conserving energy in this country, and of finding alternative sources that are environmentally acceptable.  At this point, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  