I do not buy it. I do not believe it, but the point I am trying to make in the course of this--and I think we all are--is that the President has made progress. The United Nations is moving forward. Inspections are going to be ordered. Saddam Hussein has agreed to them. That is real progress. I salute the President for that progress.  What I am now saying is, let's focus on America and some of the things we need to do to win the economic war in this country. I am asking for a very small pledge of time from the White House to focus on these economic issues that face our country. We can do both. The United States can defend itself, fight a war on terrorism, keep a watchful eye on Iraq and still be worried about the issues that American families in Nevada, Illinois, and Delaware think about every day: What about my job? What about my pension? How am I going to pay for that health insurance? Can we pay for these prescription drugs? Is Social Security really in good shape for years to come?  These are real gut-wrenching issues for real families. I think it is a responsibility of the White House to get beyond the agenda they have focused on for the last several weeks and open it up to new issues and new concerns that are universal across America.  We talked about education. Kids are back in school, and there is a lot of concern about whether our schools have the quality teachers they need, whether the kids are going to get the education they deserve. We have to put money back in education. We have to focus on making certain we have afterschool programs for kids who need a special helping hand, smaller class sizes--something we pushed for in the past--make sure teachers are paid as the professionals they are. These are real needs.  When we talk about filling real needs, I do not want to overlook in health care a shortage in nursing. I would like the White House to give us 15 minutes this week or next week with an idea for the agenda of having more nurses in America. This is a serious shortcoming in health care in the United States. Hospitals have reduced their number of beds; nursing and convalescent homes, the same, for one simple reason: There are not enough nurses.  We need an initiative, a national leadership. I hope the President will not ignore this. When you listen to the agenda we could be considering, it is substantial, but it gets to the heart of the real issues about which Americans are concerned. I sincerely hope we move on that and move on it quickly. We owe it to the American people.  I yield the floor.  