President, if the Senator will yield, I thank the Senator from California for her leadership on this issue. I hope the Senator will bear with me for a moment. I think for those who are following this debate, a little history goes a long way.  There was a time in America, in my home State of Illinois, when people would strip-mine coal. They would literally drag the coal out from just below the surface and leave behind this terrible wasteland that looked like craters on the Moon. Over time, people started saying: It is not only ugly but the runoff is dangerous, and we ought to require the coal companies to restore the land after they have strip-mined so it can be used for something--so it looks a little bit like it looked when God created it.  That really reflected a kind of change in the national conscience which said it isn't enough to take the land, or take parts of America, blight them, make them toxic and dangerous for someone to make a profit.  We said, as we looked around America and found toxic waste and hazardous waste, that is a danger to our environment, to the people living nearby and to the ground water. President Carter--a Democrat--said let us put together a Superfund tax where the corporations, the businesses which are polluting businesses, will pay a tax to pay for the cleanup of the mess left from this industrial work.  The reason I wanted to get into this history a little bit is that, as I understand from staff, although it was passed by President Carter--obviously, a Democrat--and a Democratic Congress, a few years later, in 1986, President Ronald Reagan--a Republican--not only reauthorized the same program but said, yes, corporations around America should be held accountable; they should pay a fee or a tax to clean up the toxic waste sites across America through the Superfund. Not only did this Republican President restore it, but he raised the tax. He said we need more money to do this on a national basis.  Now we had a bipartisan commitment to this concept from a Democratic President, Jimmy Carter, and a Republican President, Ronald Reagan. They assumed that America would stand behind the concept of corporate responsibility when it came to environmental cleanup.  Now enter President Clinton at a later point. He said to Congress, we need to reauthorize this same law to keep up this program. What he ran into was a Republican Congress, a probusiness Congress, that said: We don't believe that is the right thing to do any longer. So they wouldn't reauthorize the Superfund. The collection of about $2 billion or more a year to clean up America started evaporating as the taxes and fees were not being collected to clean up the polluted mess across America. Now we are down to $25 million, or $26 million for all of this mess around America.  The Senator from California, in a bipartisan effort, I might add, with Senator Chafee of Rhode Island, says we ought to reestablish the Superfund. If it was good enough for Democratic President Carter and Republican President Reagan, if Congress--Democratic and Republican--thought it was a good concept, why are we walking away from it?  When I was back home on the Fourth of July break, I went to two sites in Chicago. I went to one site in the southeastern part of the city. It is an industrial graveyard from an operation not many years ago, and 75,000 manufacturing jobs are now gone. I went to the LTV Steel Corporation site, a company that declared bankruptcy just last December. I took a look at the toxic waste which the Superfund left behind.  I went up to north to Waukegan. For over 20 years, Waukegan has been dealing with mercury and PCBs dumped into Lake Michigan--something we value as part of our national heritage. They are in a position of limbo with a suspended mix of efforts to clean it up. It is within a stone's throw of Lake Michigan. We pointed out the outboard marine site. Waukegan said this is a site which won't be cleaned up because the Superfund is not being funded again by the Bush administration. They refused to put the money into environmental cleanup.  That is irresponsible. It is irresponsible not to hold liable the corporations that produce the chemicals that we find over and over again at these sites. If they want to make a profit producing these chemicals, is it unreasonable to suggest they pay a fee so they can clean up the aftermath of the use of these chemicals which have blighted parts of America?  I say to the Senator from California, as we view this issue, some say: There go the Democrats again with their outlandish environmental policies. But if you look at the history, this has been a bipartisan approach from the start. I ask the Senator from California, who has been our leader on this issue, if she could comment on that.  