President, about 35 years ago as a college student I was seated in this Senate gallery because there was a historic event about to take place. Senator Robert Kennedy, of New York, was to announce a very important statement about the Vietnam war. I sat there late into the evening waiting for this moment and looked down from that gallery to see Senator Robert Kennedy come to the floor with his brother, Senator Ted Kennedy. I watched this speech. I listened to every word of it. It had such an impact on me, as I am sure it did on many people across America, these two brothers continuing to serve this country after their brother, the former President, had lost his life, continuing to be in the midst of the arena for every important issue. I am sure there were many reasons for my being here today, but that experience, watching Senators Bob and Ted Kennedy, was part of that process of learning and dedicating your life.  Ted Kennedy was born to public life. He came to Washington as part of a family as storied as the John Adams family. He was elected at age 30. Many of his critics dismissed him. They believed he was only capitalizing on the most fabled democratic name in the latter half of the last century. Over his Senate career, Ted Kennedy has proven his critics wrong. He stands today as a Senator who was first among equals. Many matters come before the Senate. Many issues are debated and voted on, but you can be certain that every issue which touches the hearts of the American people will bring Teddy Kennedy to the floor, to his feet, and to the center of the debate.  Hubert Humphrey said: You can judge the government by the care it gives to those in the dawn of life, our children, those in the twilight of life, our elderly, and those in the shadows of life, the disabled and the dispossessed.  I might add, you can judge the heart of a Senator by his commitment to these same voices of needy citizens in America.  By that standard, Ted Kennedy's career in the Senate will be measured as one of the best. For four decades, hundreds of Senators have come and gone, thousands of matters of national importance have been considered. But there has been one constant. Whether the issue was civil rights or human rights, education, health care for children, mental health, the rights of working people, food for our poor and the poor of the world, there was one man who could always be counted on to make the fight: Ted Kennedy--on civil rights, on Medicare, on Americans with disabilities.  Ted Kennedy has been quite a spokesman and champion throughout his career for the elderly. Little did he realize that his passion for senior citizens would eventually become a conflict of interest, as he now qualifies for both Social Security and Medicare. But that has not deterred him. He takes to this floor with the charm of the Irish and the tenacity of a bulldog. He can bring us together to think, to laugh, to weep, to reflect on the meaning of public life and the meaning of life itself.  In many of my campaigns in downstate Illinois as a Congressman and as a candidate for the Senate, my opponent would go to some well-paid pollster who would say: What you want to do is say that this Durbin votes a lot like Ted Kennedy.  Well, I have never shied away from that accusation. I welcome it because time and again he has stood for the right causes and for the right reasons. I am honored to serve with Ted Kennedy. I am honored to count him as my friend and ally in so many important fights. He has made this Senate and this Nation a better place to serve and live. Ted Kennedy is the people's Senator.  Happy birthday, Ted.  