That is what this amendment seeks to achieve.  It is in no way a restriction on a farmer's freedom. A farmer is still free to plant any new ground he wishes. What we are talking about is eligibility for Federal payments. The amendment uses an extremely broad definition of agricultural commodity. Farmers can switch crops on land and, despite that switching of crops, not lose eligibility under this amendment. That is only fair because in many good farming practices, that is done on a regular basis. It allows long-term crop rotation, permits an exception for that. There are some lands primarily used for hay but that may be cropped 1 or 2 years between hay plantings. This amendment would not deny support payments to the crops during that period. However, it is intended to be a narrow amendment, only for those who can demonstrate that they have both established and are maintaining such long-term rotation.  The amendment does not interfere with the CRP program in any way. The Conservation Reserve Program is an important program. It conserves America's natural resources. This amendment simply provides that when farmers decide to plant on new ground, they will do it because of the market, not because of Government subsidy.  Prior to the 1996 farm bill, the farm policy of our country recognized that our support programs could drive up supply. So for decades, farm policy attempted to limit subsidies in one form or another.  This was done through various definitions of base acres. I remember as a Member of Congress for many years in the House, and now in the Senate, dealing with farmers who were trying to establish their base acreage and qualifications eligibility for Government payment. In 1996, Congress did away with all these rules on the theory that it was going to phase out support payments.  We now know that, at least today, we can't phase out support payments without jeopardizing our farms. However, we need to be careful that we don't inadvertently encourage farming of new land when market conditions don't warrant it.  In essence, under prior farm policy, support payments had a foot on the pedal driving new production, but also with a foot on the brake. New policy, as currently envisioned, fails to add in the brake. That is what this amendment does.  This amendment will not reinstate it completely, but it will ease up on the pedal. The farmers can still drive themselves into new cropland, but the Government would no longer drive them there.  What is the environmental impact of this amendment? The facts show that this amendment is needed. According to the USDA, the United States lost 22 million acres of grassland between 1982 and 1997. The vast majority of that became new croplands.  This occurred even while the Federal Government was laying out roughly $30 billion over the same period to take more than 30 million acres of cropland from production through the Conservation Reserve Program, the twofold purpose of which was to increase conservation efforts and limit supplies so as to boost prices.  What this means is that while our Government was trying to limit supplies in order to boost prices on the one hand, it was effectively encouraging farmers to convert new land into cropland on the other. This has undoubtedly contributed to the current situation in which farmers have faced record low prices in recent years.  This loss of grassland as an environmental impact throughout the country contributed to the decline of many bird species that nest in grasslands. Grassland birds as a whole are the most threatened category of birds in our country. This amendment makes environmental sense as well as economic sense.  This amendment has the added benefit of saving money. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the Durbin amendment would reduce crop overproduction which will result in $1.4 billion in savings over the next 10 years.  Let me tell you that the second half of the amendment takes the savings and uses it for the Food Stamp Program. The savings generated by this bill will further strengthen the nutrition title of this same farm bill. This is really a farm and nutrition bill. I think addressing the Food Stamp Program along with the farm program is appropriate because both are under the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture.  Food stamps are a part of our Nation's first line of defense in America to protect families in a recession. Now, as we reauthorize the Food Stamp Program, we should make sure to effectively put into place protections against economic downturns.  This farm bill passed by the Agriculture Committee makes some important changes in the Food Stamp program. I join in thanking the committee's ranking Republican for the hard work he has put into this section of the bill.  Here is what my amendment does. It restores eligibility for the Food Stamp Program to legal immigrants who have lived in the United States for 5 years or longer. I will repeat, it restores eligibility for legal immigrants living in the United States for 5 years or longer.  This amendment will be an addition to the immigrant restoration provisions already in the farm bill, including the immediate restoration of eligibility to all poor children. I salute Senators Lugar and Harkin for that provision. I will not go into a long story about how important immigrants have been to the United States. Suffice it to say that my mother was an immigrant to this country. I am proud of that fact, and I am happy to be a first-generation American and to have this chance to serve as a Senator from the State of Illinois. I keep in my office, very near my desk, the framed copy of my mother's naturalization certificate. I am very proud of it. I look at it every day as a reminder of my family and a reminder of from where I came. I think it is a reminder to all of America how many of us are close to new immigrants in this country.  At the turn of the century, many of our relatives arrived from all over the world. They were poor and didn't speak the language, and they came looking for a better life. At that time, survival meant sending all members of the family to work. Young children worked in factories and sweatshops instead of going to school.  Eventually, we realized that families should not have to send their 7-year-old to work just to be able to put food on the table. Jane Addams of Illinois, quite a well-known figure in Chicago with her settlement houses, was one of the great American social reformers. She inspired us to lobby for child labor laws because of her experiences with the working men, women, and children in the immigrant neighborhoods of the city of Chicago.  Those arriving in the United States today are no different than our greatgrandparents. And we continue to rely on immigrants to fill jobs at all levels of the workforce.  Legal immigrants here not only work, they pay taxes. The National Academy of Sciences and the National Research Council conducted studies that show that, overall, immigrants pay more in taxes than they use in government benefits.  Allow me to digress and tell you that a little over 2 weeks ago I was at an air base near Kabul in Afghanistan. I ran into a soldier from Illinois. He told me of his high school in the suburbs of the city of Chicago, and he said: When I get through with my Army experience here, can I come to your office and will you help me to apply to become a citizen? He is a member of the U.S. Army, a soldier risking his life fighting terrorism in Afghanistan, but he is from Panama. He is legal here, and he volunteered to serve this Nation, but he is not a citizen. I said of course I would help him. He is a legal immigrant to America who would be denied, under many circumstances, food stamps. Yet he has volunteered and is serving our Nation in uniform. How do you make any sense out of that kind of policy? This amendment tries to do that. It says immigrant families with children, who tend to have lower income levels than native-born families with children, need a helping hand with food stamps.  Most low-income children of immigrants live in working families with two parents who are married. The vast majority of legal immigrants are not permitted to receive food stamp benefits.  In 1996, as a result of changes in the law, the Physicians for Human Rights interviewed 700 legal immigrant families and found that adults in one out of three households had skipped meals in the previous 6 months. One in ten recalled missing a meal, not being able to eat for at least a whole day. One in four reported cutting the size of a child's meals due to inadequate resources.  The Urban Institute reports that, nationwide, 37 percent of all children of immigrants live in families that worry about providing food for the table. In California, Illinois, and Texas, legal immigrants' food insecurity rates were seven times worse than the general population in our country.  These harsh eligibility rules today translate into future citizens not getting the benefits for which they are eligible. The vast majority of immigrant families are mixed-status families that include at least one U.S. citizen. That citizen is typically a child. When legal immigrant parents are not aware that their children are eligible for food stamps, the kids don't get enough to eat.  Participation in the Food Stamp Program among children with legal permanent resident parents dropped 40 percent from 1994 to 1999, without a corresponding decrease in need.  Can America be a better place if these children who are legally in the United States don't receive the proper nutrition? If they suffer disease and illness, if they are not prepared to learn, and if they come to a classroom and can't stay awake and are listless because of not having enough to eat, how can we be a better Nation?  Since 1996, many States have worked to pick up the slack. Seventeen States, including mine, provide State-funded food stamps to some or all legal immigrants who are ineligible for the Food Stamp Program--because of the changes in the law. In most of the States, eligibility is limited to very narrow categories of immigrants.  On Monday, President Bush released his fiscal year 2003 budget proposal. I am certain there will be many items I will disagree with in that proposal. But I congratulate him for including a restoration of benefits for legal immigrants identical to that in my amendment.  When this provision was first made public in January, a senior administration official was quoted as saying:       We believe this will go a long way to meeting the needs of      children and adults who need additional benefits. It will      allow them to have access to nutritious food and will improve      their well-being.  Applause to the President and to the White House. Congratulations for a good idea, a bipartisan idea.  The author of this idea of limiting food stamps to legal immigrants was the former Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, who was also the author of the Contract with America. He said this in the New York Times last month about that decision in 1996:       In a law that reduced welfare by more than 50 percent, this      is one of the provisions that went too far. In retrospect, it      was wrong.  Even Speaker Gingrich can have this epiphany and realize that a mistake was made. I acknowledge and congratulate him for publicly saying this and saying why this amendment is so important.  What we have learned from the 1996 cuts is that making food stamp benefits available to legal immigrants doesn't open the floodgates at our borders. The average food stamp benefit is $74 a person monthly--not exactly a fortune. It is difficult to imagine families flocking to the United States because they could be eligible for food stamps if they just wait legally for 5 years.  Food stamps do not bring families to the United States who would not otherwise come here. It is a vital support for low-income families.  This amendment is a bipartisan opportunity to support farmers throughout America with a sensible limitation so there will not be overproduction, and to take the savings from that limitation to provide food for needy children of legal immigrant families.  This is a bipartisan amendment. It is one that does the right thing. I am pleased my colleagues, Senator Lugar and Senator Harkin, and President Bush have joined in supporting this concept. I hope all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will vote in favor of this amendment.  