 Mr. President, I am honored to present to the Senate the fiscal year 2003 legislative branch appropriations bill as reported by the Appropriations Committee. I thank the chairman and ranking member of the full committee, Senate Byrd and Senator Stevens, and of course my ranking member Senator Bennett who has been a real partner in crafting this legislation.  The bill is within its budget authority and outlay allocation, with total funding of $2.417 billion. This excludes House amounts which is the normal protocol.  This is only $8 million--0.35 percent--over the request level and $164 million or 7 percent over the fiscal year 2002 enacted level. Virtually all significant increases are focused on enhancing security for the Capitol complex.  Highlights of the bill include--$675 million for the Senate, $31 million over the enacted level and $11 million below the request. Significant increases are provided for the Sergeant-at-Arms, directed at increasing the security of the Capitol complex, including new mail handling protocols and a new Office of Emergency Preparedness.  For the Architect of the Capitol, funding would total approximately $396 million compared to the request level of $363 million. The largest project in the Architect's budget that we are recommending is the expansion of the Capitol power plant's west refrigeration plant, which is critically needed due to aging equipment and increased capacity requirements, at a cost of $82 million. In addition, a number of critical security-related projects have been included such as an alternate computing facility for the legislative branch.  The bill includes language aimed at helping the Architect of the Capitol improve his operations by creating a new deputy Architect of the Capitol who will also serve as the chief operating officer.  We have worked closely with the General Accounting Office in these efforts to upgrade AOC operations, including a greater focus on worker safety, and I might add significant progress has been made in the last year due to the efforts of this committee and the cooperation of the Architect's office, project management, accountability for performance, and coordination of roles and responsibilities.  The Architect of the Capitol operation has been making some improvements over the past year and the employees worked very hard to do their part in addressing the anthrax cleanup, an historic challenge to all who worked on Capitol Hill. But there is much more to be done in making AOC a best-practices organization.  They have been given tremendous additional responsibilities for executing a myriad of security projects, particularly the Capitol Visitor Center--which we want to ensure remains on schedule and on budget as it is today. Any visitor to Capitol Hill in the last 6 months or a year has noted the extensive construction underway. The authorities included in this bill should provide new tools with the goal of making the AOC a model for facilities management and construction management.  Funding for the Capitol Police totals roughly $210 million which reflects their latest payroll and expense estimates. Funding has been provided to accommodate at 9.1 percent pay raise--which includes comparability pay--to help the Capitol Police recruit and retain new officers as they attempt to increase significantly the force size over the next few years to about 2,000 officers. Also included is authority for increasing pay for specialty assignments and providing authority and funding for full premium pay earned during the September 11th and October 15th incidents.  I can say that the hundreds of thousands of visitors to Capitol Hill understand the important responsibility of the Capitol Police which was enhanced and challenged by September 11. We want to make certain that we have the very best men and women to protect this great national asset, all the people who work here, and our visitors whom we treasure very much.  This bill will require that within 3 years the Library of Congress, just across the street, and Capitol Police officers be merged in order to improve security. This has been an initiative urged and encouraged by my colleague, Senator Bennett. The 3-year implementation period will allow time to work out the details, differences in retirement, training and equipment.  The Government Printing Office, $122 million is included with the directive to the administration not to implement the recently announced policy directing agencies to violate our law and bypass the Government Printing Office for their printing needs. If such a directive were implemented, not only would the law be broken, but the process by which 1,300 Federal depository libraries receive Government publications would be decimated.  For the Library of Congress, including the Congressional Research Service, funding would total $497 million, an increase of $15 million over the enacted level, but $15 million below the request, reflecting a more realistic projection of the cost of new positions. New positions are provided for preserving the access of the Library's collections, including digital initiatives.  The General Accounting Office will receive $455 million. This covers all mandatory and price level increases, and includes $1 million to continue their important technology assessment work which was initiated by Congress last year.  The recommendation includes $13 million for the Center for Foreign Leadership Development. We have expanded what was originally the center for Russian Leadership Development to include newly independent states of the former Soviet Union including the Baltics. This program has proven successful in bringing emerging political leaders in Russia to the United States to learn democracy firsthand and to make certain they take those lessons home. Expanding this program to include these additional countries will continue to promote that critical goal.  Before I turn it over to my colleague and friend Senator Bennett, I want to particularly thank all the staff on the Appropriations Committee for their work, and especially Carrie Apostolou, who has done a tremendous amount of work to make this bill ready for floor consideration, and Pat Souders of my own staff, who has worked closely with her.  I thank Senator Bennett for his cooperation, and I yield the floor to my colleague.  