President. I am glad my colleague, the Senator from West Virginia, is in the Chamber because he attended this hearing. He may not have been present when the questions came. We asked the administrator of Amtrak what was ahead in the days to follow. At this moment in time, Amtrak needs $200 million interim financing to continue operations across America. Mr. Gunn, who testified before Chairman Patty Murray's Transportation Subcommittee, alerted us this afternoon that unless the interim financing of $200 million is secured by Wednesday of next week, Amtrak will cease all operations--all operations--not scaled back but cease all operations.  Mr. Gunn explained it was necessary in order for them to park the trains, take the precautions necessary to guard them, and to prepare for the ultimate shutdown, which could begin as early as the middle of next week.  We then asked Mr. Rutter, who is the head of the Federal Railroad Administration, what was the status of the Amtrak request for $200 million. He alerted us that they were in the process of evaluating it, and he believed they would be able to get back to Amtrak with the answer early next week.  If you will do the math, you will understand we are talking about 24 to 48 hours separating the decision by the Bush administration on interim financing for Amtrak and the suspension of all Amtrak service across the United States.  I said to Mr. Gunn that I believed we had a moral obligation to notify Governors across the United States with Amtrak service of this looming transportation disaster. Let me say for many of us who believe in Amtrak and national passenger rail service that it is absolutely disgraceful that we have reached this point.  At some point, this administration should have stepped forward to work with Congress to make certain that Amtrak service was not in jeopardy. Now we face the very real possibility of a disastrous transportation situation as early as next week.  We heard this morning from Secretary of Transportation Norm Mineta, a speech he gave to the Chamber of Commerce about his vision of the future of Amtrak. It is a vision which is not new. It is the same vision that Margaret Thatcher had in England when she took a look at British rail service and decided to privatize it, to separate it, and to try to take a different route. It turned out to be a complete failure--not only a failure in the terms of the reliability of service but a failure in terms of safety.  The administration's proposal on Amtrak is a disaster waiting to happen. It is literally a train wreck when it comes to the future of national passenger rail service.  If you believe, as I do, that our Nation should seek energy security, that we should try to find modes of transportation to reduce pollution and traffic congestion, which is getting progressively worse and we can't ignore it, then we cannot and should not walk away from Amtrak.  This administration's position at this point is going to create a crisis in transportation. We need to maintain not only the very best highways and the safest airports in America, but we need national passenger rail service. We need leadership in the White House and at Amtrak with a vision of how to turn that rail service in the 21st century into something that we can point to with pride and effectiveness.  We don't have that today. Mr. Gunn has been drawn out of retirement and has been heading Amtrak for just a few weeks. This didn't occur on his watch. He is a competent administrator who wants the resources to make Amtrak work. Instead, what this administration has given him is a doomsday scenario where literally Amtrak service could be terminated across America next week. What it means for the Northeast corridor is probably a dramatic change in terms of the way the families and businesses would have to operate. What it means in my home State of Illinois is that thousands of passengers and thousands of employees will have their future and their transportation in jeopardy. It didn't have to reach this point, but it has.  I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in urging the Bush White House to respond tomorrow--not next week but tomorrow--favorably for financing of Amtrak so we can tell the Governors across America that this emergency is not going to happen.  I yield the remainder of my time.  