President, I rise today to express my concerns about the serious wilderness and public lands management problems created by title XIV of the House version of the Defense Authorization Act. This provision was added in the chairman's mark at the behest of Representative Jim Hansen. Title XIV would profoundly impact land management of nearly 11 million acres of non-military public lands falling underneath the Utah Test and Training Range airspace in western Utah.  No hearings were held in either the House or Senate to consider the possible consequences of the sweeping and controversial provisions in title XIV. While the House Resource and Senate Energy Committees would be appropriate venues for such hearings, hearings were not held in these committees, and they were not held in the House or Senate Armed Services Committees. No General Accounting Office or Department of Defense report has ever demonstrated the need for the provisions contained in title XIV. The Department of Defense has never requested the kind of control over nonmilitary public land mandated by the provisions in title XIV.  In truth, title XIV is an attack without justification on the traditional management of wilderness and other nonmilitary public lands.  I wish to add my voice to the voices of Representative Ike Skelton and 19 other House Democrats serving on the Armed Services Committee who noted in the committee report that:  ``The military use language of title XIV is unprecedented and not found in any other law. Ironically, these provisions set a standard for wilderness management that would provide less protection to the wilderness areas designated by title XIV than the protections available to non-designated public lands. Millions of acres of designated wilderness and millions more acres of public land underlie military airspace across the United States. None of these lands have or need the restrictive language that title XIV would apply to wilderness and public lands in Utah.  ``Language in title XIV would strip the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to determine where and whether facilities and equipment are placed on public lands within wilderness areas. Another provision allows the Secretary of the Air Force to unilaterally close or restrict access to wilderness and WSAs outside the boundaries of the UTTR and the Dugway Proving Grounds. These provisions are unprecedented, and no clear rationale has been given to warrant this change from existing law. Moreover, title XIV creates a different standard for access and military use for land in Utah than is applicable to all other public land areas of the United States.  ``Furthermore, title XIV requires the Secretary of the Interior to gain the prior concurrence of the Secretary of the Air Force and the commander-in-chief of the military forces of the State of Utah before developing, maintaining, or revising land use plans required by Federal law for millions of acres of public lands in Utah. Is it unwise policy, to say the least, for a Cabinet secretary's role to be subordinate to a service secretary and a state military commanders.''  Taken together, the provisions in title XIV go far beyond any language ever included in enacted wilderness legislation, they put in place unprecedented high levels of Department of Defense control for all nonmilitary public lands falling underneath the airspace of the Utah test and Training Range, and they designate as wilderness, albeit wilderness in name only, merely a small portion of lands included in America's Redrock Wilderness Act, S. 786, of which I am the lead sponsor.  I urge those Senators who will serve conferees on the Defense Authorization Act to work for the removal of title XIV in conference.  I also would like to speak for a moment on two additional provisions within the Department of Defense authorization bill that passed out of the House, HR 4546. These measures weaken protections for endangered species and migratory birds.  I would like to state for the record that there are existing provisions that allow for case-by-case exemptions to address national security interests. For example, section 7(j) of the Endangered Species Act, ESA, gives the Secretary of Defense the authority to secure an exemption from the ESA's provisions whenever the Secretary finds it necessary for reasons of national security. Moreover, title 10 U.S.C. 2014 specifically empowers the President to resolve any conflicts between the DOD and other executive agencies that affect training or readiness. These waivers should be invoked on a case-by-case basis, rather than giving the DOD a blanket exemption to ignore laws that protect the air and water in and around our military facilities, the health of the people who live on and nearby bases, and America's wildlife and public lands.  Again, I urge my colleagues who will serve on the conference for this bill to reject any permanent weakening of or permanent waivers enabling the circumvention of our Nation's environment and public health laws.  