It's been a winding journey spanning seven years. I am pleased to have been part of the quest, and proud to have been an original cosponsor of the McCain-Feingold bills since my arrival in the Senate in January 1997.  It was a privilege to have been part of the two-week historic debate last March. As I remarked last year, the open and freewheeling debate on amendments in which we engaged was truly the United States Senate at its finest, and an experience I had hoped to enjoy when I sought this office.  This bill isn't a magic elixir. It won't cure all ills. No one has suggested it is a gleaming pot at the end of the rainbow.  Personally, I am disappointed that it doesn't include what I think is an essential ingredient of true reform: ensuring non-preemptible lowest unit broadcast rates for candidates, which this body approved overwhelmingly by a vote of 69-31 on March 21, 2001, one year ago tomorrow. Until we deal with both sides of the equation, the supply and the demand, I do not believe we will have solved the whole problem of money in politics.  But this bill does go a long way to change the system set up over 27 years ago, a system which over time has been severely exploited and eroded so far beyond the intent of Congress that the levels of unregulated soft money are growing at a far faster rate than increases in hard, regulated dollar donations.  I stand in support of this bill and urge my colleagues to join me in voting to send this bill to President Bush.  I also salute and congratulate Senators Russ Feingold and John McCain, valiant partners in a tireless, seven-year roller-coaster ride loaded with some spills and turns, filled with a few detours and disappointments. These two leaders are true models of how bipartisan tenacity and determination can triumph over adversity. I trust that the history books will reflect how their persistence and stewardship on this issue truly made a positive difference and profound impact.  To them, I say, thank you. The American people owe you a debt of gratitude.  