I salute my colleague from the State ofMichigan because I think what he has captured in this resolution is, frankly, what the American people believe.  There is no one in this Senate Chamber making apologies for Saddam Hussein or his weapons of mass destruction. There is no one who wants to ignore the peril which that man could pose to the Middle East or to the United States of America. But what Senator Levin is suggesting is, frankly, to follow what the President is suggesting.  On September 12, President Bush went to the United Nations and he said to them, if their organization means anything, then they have to stand up to this man. We have to have unconditional inspections. For 5 years we have been standing by the sidelines, and we want to know what is happening in Iraq.  Senator Levin says that is the first place we should go, and I agree with him. And it is not as if the United Nations has ignored this. Secretary of State Colin Powell, a man I respect very much--one of the leaders in this administration--has been in New York working with the United Nations for this resolution. That is the best course of action. To have the United Nations behind us, as President Bush's father had the United Nations behind him in the Persian Gulf war, to have a coalition of allies representing countries from all around the world; countries that have joined us in the war on terrorism would now join us in a meaningful inspection regime in Iraq. That is what Senator Levin suggests.  What a contrast it is from the President's own resolution. The President's resolution talks about continued discussion with the United Nations. But make no mistake, the President's resolution gives him unconditional, go-it-alone authority to launch a land invasion in Iraq with or without an ally. There is a world of difference between what Senator Levin and I support and what the President has asked for.  Doesn't it make more sense for us to work with the United Nations for unconditional inspections to make certain we have inspectors on the ground looking at every square inch of Iraq, and if there is resistance from Saddam Hussein, if he obstructs us, if he creates obstacles, we then have the force of the United Nations behind us in enforcement? We do not stand alone. We stand with other nations and with the United Nations. That is what President Bush's father did, and it was the right thing to do. That is what we should do because, frankly, bringing this force together is a validation of this organization, the United Nations, which the United States, as much as any other nation in the world, helped to create.  After World War II, we said: Let's come together in collective security to work together to solve the problems of the world and to deal with war and peace.  Time and again, in over 100 instances, the United Nations has risen to that challenge. We should give them that same opportunity and responsibility with the Levin resolution. That is the better course of action. As Senator Levin says clearly in his resolution, nothing in the resolution ever diminishes in any way whatsoever the power of the President of the United States to defend this country, its people, its territory, its Armed Forces, against any threat of aggression. That is part of what we expect of the Commander in Chief, the President, and Senator Levin preserves and protects that.  I urge my colleagues to support the Levin amendment. The Levin amendment is the best way for us to approach this challenge.  