 I am a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Let me say at the outset that one of the most painful assignments I have found serving in Congress, particularly in the Senate, is to stand in judgment of another person. We are called on to do that regularly in the advice and consent process. It is never easy, particularly when there is controversy and particularly when you end up voting against that person for whatever reason.  I cannot appreciate the pain that the minority leader feels at this moment. A good and close friend of his has not been successful before the Senate Judiciary Committee, and his words, I am sure, were heartfelt about his love for Judge Pickering and his close friendship. Whatever I am about to say I hope will in no way reflect negatively on what is clearly a strong personal friendship between the minority leader and Judge Pickering. But there are two or three points which I would like to make so that they are clear on the record.  I have served on the Senate Judiciary Committee for 4 of the 6 years now that I have been in the Senate. I have witnessed the Senate Judiciary Committee under the control of Republicans, and I have seen it for the 8 months that the Democrats have been in control. I can tell you that the courtesies that were extended to Judge Pickering in terms of a timely hearing were extraordinary.  They were extraordinary because his first hearing was in October of last year, when this Capitol complex was virtually closed down for security reasons. Exceptional efforts were made to keep our word to Judge Pickering that he would have a full hearing. It was impossible to use the ordinary buildings we use, so the hearing was held in the Capitol Building. Many of us stayed over to give him his opportunity for testimony.  At that hearing, it was established that he had some 1,000 or 1,200 unpublished opinions as a Federal district court judge, and we made it clear we wanted to review those before making a final decision. So a second hearing was scheduled. And as soon as those had been reviewed, that hearing was held in February. The hearing went on for the better part of a day under the chairmanship at the time of Senator Feinstein of California.  Judge Pickering was given complete opportunity to explain his point of view and to answer all questions--another timely hearing. That led to the decision today on Judge Pickering's nomination to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.  I could go into detail, but I will not, about why I voted against Judge Pickering. There was one point that was raised by Senator Lott as minority leader which I must address. It is a point that, frankly, should not be left unresolved on the floor of the Senate. Until Senator Lott came to the floor and announced the religious affiliation of Judge Pickering, I had no idea what it was. No question was ever asked of Judge Pickering about his religious affiliation--none whatsoever. Nor in any private conversation with any member of the committee was that subject ever raised. To suggest that anyone on this committee voted against Judge Pickering because of his religious belief is just wrong.  I will say this: If anyone ever raises that issue concerning any nominee, I hope they will join me in protesting questioning a person's religious belief, which should have nothing whatsoever to do with the qualifications to serve this country.  That issue never came up. To suggest he was rejected for that reason is just wrong. There were many questions that were raised. Those can be addressed tomorrow, and I am certain they will be by Senator Patrick Leahy, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and others who will comment on the activities of the committee. I will leave that to them entirely.  I do want to make clear for the record one last point. The Fifth Circuit has been a controversial circuit--it is a circuit that includes the States of Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi--controversial in that since 1994, no vacancy had been filled in the Fifth Circuit until last year when President Clinton submitted the names of three judges to fill vacancies to that Fifth Circuit. Not a single one of his nominees was even given the courtesy of a hearing. Those judges were pending before the Judiciary Committee under the control of the Republican Party for an extraordinarily long period of time. Let me be specific.  Jorge Rangel, nominated in July of 1997, was returned in October of 1998. It sat before the Senate Judiciary Committee under the direction of the Republican Party for 15 months with no action taken. An effort to fill this vacancy in the Fifth Circuit and the nominee was never even given the courtesy of a hearing.  Enrique Mareno, nominated by President Clinton in September of 1999, renominated in January of 2001, was finally withdrawn in March of 2001; 17 months pending before the Senate Judiciary Committee; never given the courtesy of a hearing.  Alston Johnson, nominated April of 1999, finally, his name was withdrawn 23 months later--never even given the courtesy of a hearing in the same Fifth Circuit. Now, the minority leader comes before us and says all of the nominees of President Bush as of last year have to receive immediate hearings before this committee.  Well, let the record reflect that the action taken today on Judge Pickering was the 43rd Federal judge who has been considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee since control of the Senate passed to the Democrats. More Federal judges have been reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee under Chairman Pat Leahy, a Democrat, with a Republican President in the White House, than in 4 of the years that the Republicans controlled the Senate Judiciary Committee and President Clinton, a Democrat, was in the White House.  To suggest we are blocking and stopping the efforts of the President to fill judicial vacancies is just wrong and not supported by the facts.  Let me add one last thing. To suggest this is some discriminatory action against people who live in the Fifth Circuit is wrong as well. The fact that Judge Pickering was from Mississippi, frankly, had no relevance as far as I was concerned. Just last year, Judge Edith Clement of Louisiana, nominated by President Bush to fill a spot on the Fifth Circuit, was approved in record time by a unanimous vote on the Senate Judiciary Committee and a unanimous vote on the floor of the Senate.  For the record, so there is no doubt about it, Judge Edith Clement was conservative, a Republican, and a member of the Federalist Society, and none of those things slowed down the consideration of her nomination by the Judiciary Committee. We gave Judge Clement her opportunity to serve, and we gave President Bush his nominee in record time. We extended courtesies to Judge Clement which were denied consistently by the same Committee under Republican leadership when President Clinton was in the White House.  So I think the record has to be clear in terms of where we stand and where we are going. I am troubled that we have reached this impasse, and I hope we can find our way through it. But I hope the record will be clear as we go through this consideration. For those who have argued that someone called Judge Pickering a racist, I have not heard that word used in reference to Judge Pickering, and repeatedly, on both sides of the table, Democrat and Republican, today in the Senate Judiciary Committee, that conclusion was rejected. I personally reject it. I don't believe Judge Pickering is a racist. I believe if you look at his personal history, you will find he did things in the fifties and sixties in Mississippi which he personally regrets, and said as much to the committee.  Let me be honest. We have all done things in our lives that we regret. It should not be held against him, and it wasn't.  He has also done exceptionally good things in the area of civil rights, and that was made a part of the record as well. Judge Pickering was judged on the basis of his service on the Federal district court bench. Good people can reach different conclusions about whether or not his service merited a promotion to the appellate court. A majority of the Judiciary Committee today adjudged that it did not.  I am not going to take any more time, other than to say it is an unfortunate outcome for a close friend of the minority leader, but I think the committee treated him with courtesy, treated his nomination with dispatch, and gave him every opportunity to present his point of view. He was given better treatment by this committee than many of the nominees submitted by the Clinton White House. I think that shows we are going to start a new day when it comes to the Judiciary Committee. We want to work with the White House so that people who have excellent legal and academic credentials, of the highest integrity and with moderate political views, have a chance to serve.  