What I am asking the Senate to consider is whether it is adequate, whether it is adequate in terms of this global AIDS epidemic.  Let me say to my colleague from Alaska, and others, that just a few months ago two of my colleagues in the Senate--Senator Frist and Senator Helms, who cannot be with us this evening because he is recovering from a recent medical problem--came to the same conclusion that I have come to this evening. Both Senator Frist and Senator Helms sought a $500 million increase for AIDS.  That is the amount I am asking. It isn't as if I have come up with an outlandish and outrageous figure. Dr. Frist, who is a Member of the Senate, supported the same level of funding. Senator Helms said it as well. In fact, he offered an editorial to the Washington Post which was nothing short of inspirational. He was widely quoted across the United States, saying that--and I am going to read this because I think, in fairness to Senator Helms, this is a very important quote.  Senator Helms, our colleague, in his Washington Post editorial, said:       In February I said publicly that I was ashamed that I had      not done more considering the world's AIDS pandemic. I told      this to a conference organized by Samaritan's Purse, the      finest humanitarian organization I know of.  Senator Helms, I would like to say, if you are following this debate, this amendment, the level of funding whichyou suggested, is the right thing to do. It is still the right thing to do.  For a variety of reasons, there has been a change of heart by some in terms of asking for $500 million. I might say to my colleagues, the problem is not diminishing. The problem is growing geometrically, and we are responding arithmetically. We are providing a little bit more and a little bit more, and this epidemic is raging across the world.  We talk a lot about the security of the United States. I spent a whole day in the Judiciary Committee. The Intelligence Committee I serve on also met. Can we be more secure in the United States if countries around the world are being destabilized by the AIDS epidemic? How are they destabilized? Frankly, if you lose one out of five adults to AIDS, if you have millions of AIDS orphans, children who grow up on the streets, little girls who end up turning to thievery and prostitution to survive, little boys with no parental supervision because their parents have died from AIDs, who become part of these warring gangs in Africa and the Third World, ripe targets for terrorism, how does that make America safer? I don't think it does.  In fact, just the opposite is true. We are, in fact, less secure as a nation. Let me also quote two other members of the administration who have addressed this issue. The Secretary of Health and Human Services, Secretary Thompson, March 29 of this year:       The scourge of AIDS threatens to destroy economies, social      systems, and the very fabric of local communities. There is      no question that as a country, the United States must engage      with other nations and across all sectors to fight the most      devastating public health pandemics of the modern age.  That was Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson.  Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neil has been in the news for the last several weeks touring Africa with Bono, a member of the Irish rock band U2, who has been one of the world's leaders on this issue, who came to visit me and so many other Senators to talk about this issue. He invited Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to come with him to Africa, see the AIDS epidemic firsthand. Let me quote Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill:       Nowhere is this more urgent, and more heartbreaking, than      the struggle against AIDS. In South Africa I saw mothers with      AIDS caring for babies with AIDS, even when proven,      inexpensive drugs are available to stop transmission between      mother and child. I saw the dedication of nurses and doctors      treating people with AIDS, and their patients' struggle to      survive.  That was Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill.  Why is it that the leaders in this administration can travel around the world and speak forthrightly about this terrible epidemic, yet this Senate is hesitant to put funding into fighting the global AIDS epidemic at a level that gives us a chance to make a real difference?  When I spoke earlier about what we can do and used Uganda as an example, I also went to Mulago Hospital in Kampala. I saw research projects underway there that are nothing short of miraculous. If a mother is pregnant and diagnosed with HIV, there is a high likelihood that her infant will also be HIV positive. But they have found a very simple drug called nevirapine. If the mother goes into labor, she takes the drug and the baby, as soon as it is born, is administered the drug. They are finding remarkable results in terms of saving the baby's life.  Whether you are pro-life or pro-choice, whatever your position may be, isn't that the right thing to do, for the United States to be investing with other countries to try to stop this transmission of AIDS from mother to child?  A proposal came to the Global Fund from Nigeria to support the activities of six centers focusing just on this, to stop the transmission from mother to baby. These centers will have the capacity to test an estimated 14,000 women for HIV and provide this antiretroviral therapy to 912 HIV positive mothers to protect their babies from infection. Finally, the centers will link families with comprehensive care and counseling services.  This is what the Global Fund does: Identifies projects all around the Third World where we have victims of HIV and tuberculosis and malaria to come up with proven, effective therapies to save their lives.  Why is it important that we provide more money to this Global Fund? I will tell you why. Because as of last night or the night before, the Global Fund ran out of money. It had allocated all the money for this year. It is gone. It is down to zero. The $500 million which we are proposing in this amendment can be used by the administration to replenish the money in the Global Fund.  We currently know that there are at least $370 million of outstanding projects that weren't funded, and we know a new round of applications will be coming in in just a few months. We know that down the line even more money will be needed.  As much as we have done as a nation, we should and can do more. We absolutely must do more in terms of the impact this funding is going to have on the world in which we live.  The Global Fund fights, of course, not only AIDS but TB and malaria. I know my colleague from California, Senator Boxer, has been a leader from the start on HIV/AIDS in the United States and around the world and has focused, as well, on tuberculosis as a scourge in many Third World countries--and malaria. I will credit her, as we served on the House Budget Committee together many years ago, with being the first person who made me consciously aware of the HIV/AIDS epidemic.  Little did I know I would be standing on the Senate floor next to her in this situation, but here we are--a nation which has fought its own battle against the HIV/AIDS epidemic and looks out at a world where this epidemic is virtually out of control.  The Global Fund, suggested by Kofi Annan at the United Nations, is a fund that encourages countries around the world to put in their contribution. Do you know the first country that every other nation in the world looks to to see whether this is a good idea, worthy of investment? The United States. If the United States will put up taxpayers' dollars, hard-earned money from our taxpayers to fight the global AIDS epidemic, nations around the world follow suit.  The opposite is also true. If we don't put the money in, the Global Fund lags, falls behind, in allocations. This Global Fund has rules that were set down by USAID, Department of State. It has been approved by our Government. There is no question that it is a good agency that does a lot of great work. Frankly, they are running out of money. They have none currently available.  When they gave countries around the world 7 weeks to prepare proposals for the Global Fund to fight HIV, tuberculosis, and malaria, they received $5 billion in funding requests. We are asking ourselves whether $200 million from the United States is enough? It is not. It clearly isn't. We need to do more.  I think we can do more. This fund has a stupendous resource gap. It is being forced to triage important proposals that have been subjected to vigorous review. The Global Fund may be forced to reject plans that would save lives immediately around the world.  Over 100 country proposals have been submitted. The fund just can't finance it. Over a 5-year window, the Global Fund received $5 billion in applications. Billions more are coming.  I want to commend my colleagues, Senators Frist, Helms, Specter, Boxer, Wellstone, and others, who have shown a real consciousness and sensitivity to this problem. I beg you, think for a moment before we go home this evening, having passed this supplemental emergency appropriations bill, should we not consider the greatest health emergency in the world today?  Shouldn't the United States say: We will continue to lead by example? It isn't as if this is an unpopular idea. They took polls across the United States and asked the people of America what they thought we should be doing in terms of our international commitments. The people came back in polling and said: Second to stopping the illegal flow of drugs in the United States, there is nothing that we should spend more money on when it comes to fighting HIV and AIDS around the world.  The American people understand this. They get it. It isn't a problem in some faraway land. It is a problem that may have started in Africa, but it quickly spread around the world and is now growing at a proportionate ratethat many of us never imagined would be possible.  International health experts at the UNAIDS, World Bank, and the World Health Organization have supplied us data on what would be needed to make a serious intervention in this crisis. This amendment we are offering tonight tries to meet that.  A few weeks ago, Bono, who I mentioned earlier, came to Capitol Hill and visited a lot of our offices and created quite a stir. This man, who is internationally known for his musical ability, has developed an international reputation for fighting this AIDS epidemic. He is a very likable man. I said: You have become a constant pest on Capitol Hill. Every time we turn around, there is Bono opening up another door to another office--whether the Senator is a Republican or a Democrat--convincing them we have to do something. He is doing the Lord's work, God's work. But all of those trips and all of the work he has done is worth little if we don't follow through this evening by voting for this additional $500 million.  This debate is about more than posing for photographs with Bono. This amendment is about making a real commitment, a tangible commitment, an effective commitment to a global epidemic. Can we make a difference? In large and small ways, we can.  I went to a clinic in South Africa outside the city of Durban, up in the mountainside. It was one of the most basic health clinics I had ever been to. They didn't have much--very little technology and few drugs. I saw people there suffering from burns and a young woman who was clearly dying from HIV.  Then I met with a group of about 25 or 30 who lived in the villages around the clinic. They sat lined up in neat rows and watched this visitor, a Senator from the United States, come before them. They wanted to make a presentation to me. They made a presentation of a young woman who was brought forward.  She was very thin and obviously very sick. She was clearly nervous to be addressing this crowd and standing before these people from the U.S. She stood there and buttoned her shirt up to the top of her neck and she was shaking.  She said: I have Tuberculosis. I have been very sick for several years, and I have come to this clinic. Then she paused and she said: I have AIDS. I don't know what is going to happen to my children. When she said those words, ``I have AIDS,'' there was a gasp in the audience because in South Africa, sadly--a country that is overwhelmed with the AIDS epidemic--a few years before, a woman was stoned to death when she admitted she had AIDS. She was beaten to death by the villagers. It took real courage for that woman to tell this crowd she had AIDS. They just don't speak of it.  As she was sobbing, they sat her down next to me on a bench, and I reached my arm over and put it around her shoulder, and the audience gasped again. A doctor stood up and said: Look at this now. I am telling you, if you touch her, you will not be infected. He said: This man from the United States has put his arm around her. I am telling you, it is safe to touch people who have AIDS.  That is what the level of ignorance is when it comes to this epidemic in some parts of the world.  My friends, those scenes I will never forget. My colleague in the Senate, Senator Frist, has been there himself and has worked in these clinics and has performed surgeries in Africa understands this. That is why the amendment he offered for $500 million is a good amendment. It is one that he and Senator Helms believe in very much, very passionately. I believe in it, too.  I bring this to the floor tonight in the hopes that the 25 colleagues in the Senate who signed a letter with me to Chairman Byrd and Senator Stevens urging them to commit more money to the global AIDS crisis in this emergency supplemental, and many others, will think about the impact this vote will have not just on the Senate, but on the world. We have a chance tonight--a small chance, perhaps, with one vote--to have an impact on literally millions of people around the world, to save lives of people we will never meet.  We can break the cycle of hopelessness and despair generated by the death spiral of AIDS in so many nations. I invite my colleagues to join me.  