President, if I might respond very briefly to what the Senator from Texas has said, the Senator from Texas is very honest and forthright in his position. He stated in the Chamber, and it will be reflected in the Record, that he believes the elimination of the estate tax, the death tax, is the most important priority for this Congress when it comes to tax legislation.  I disagree. Right now, fewer than 2 percent of the estates in America pay any estate tax whatsoever. We have changed the law so even fewer will pay it in the future. What the Senator from Texas and those in support of his position are arguing for is to eliminate this estate tax for the very few remaining wealthiest people in America, and it is his belief that this is the highest tax priority for Congress. I would like to take that question to his State of Texas, let alone my State of Illinois.  I just finished a tour of Illinois, and I went to small business after small business. I asked: What is the biggest problem you are facing?  They answered: The cost of health insurance. We can't pay for health insurance for our employees, let alone for the owners of the business.  A labor union, the plumbers and pipefitters, came from Chicago last week. I asked: What is your agenda in Congress?  They said: The cost of health insurance. We can't get a penny more in our paychecks when we negotiate a contract each year with our union because all the money is going into health insurance.  So if you want to know where my highest priority is in terms of tax breaks for businesses and families across America, it doesn't start at the top with people who are worth megamillions. It starts with working families who cannot afford their health insurance.  I will say to the Senator from Texas and those supporting his position, please bring a tax bill to the floor. There are those of us who want to try some other issues that we think are much more important.  Do you know what this means if we make President Bush's tax cut permanent? It means 65 percent of all of thetax breaks will go to people making over $500,000 a year. That is their highest priority--people with incomes of $500,000 a year or more.  Do you know how much of a tax break they will get if we go ahead with their proposal to make the President's tax cut permanent? It turns out to be $39,000 a year on average for people making over a half million a year.  If you are making a half million a year, let's assume that is about $10,000 a week, and times are tough. You are going to get $39,000 more to deal with it. Meanwhile, the small business in southern Illinois, the small business in Humboldt Park in Chicago that can't afford to pay its health insurance premiums brings the employees in and says: We are sorry, we can't do it anymore. We can't offer you health insurance for you and your family.  Which is the greater priority in America? The people making over a half million a year who get $39,000 more in tax cuts to put in some investment or another vacation home or a boat or a luxury car or is it more important that families across America have health insurance so they can protect themselves and their children?  While we are on the subject of children, ask those same families about the importance of the deductibility of college expenses. If you want to know a tax break people across America want, talk to any family with a new baby. They will show you the child and say: Doesn't he look like his dad or doesn't she look like her mom?  The next thing they will tell you is they better open a savings account for their college right now. Otherwise, they won't be able to pay for college education.  So if we are going to talk about priorities in tax cuts, wouldn't it be good for the first time in America to allow people to deduct the cost of college education from their taxes? Isn't that a good investment for America? I think it is a far better investment than the same people who make over a half million a year, guess what, getting another windfall check of $39,000 from President Bush's permanent tax cut.  Incidentally, so the record is clear, that permanent tax cut of President Bush's that gives $39,000 to the wealthiest people, for all the rest of the folks in America it is less than $1,000 a year.  So you look at it and say, well, everything is upside down in this world if the most important thing in Congress, when it comes to taxes, happens to be the wealthiest people in America. The people I represent in Illinois--some are wealthy, but the vast majority are not--are hard working, low- and middle-income families struggling to pay for health insurance, for education, and for college expenses. Those are the people who deserve a break.  In my State, we are facing a health care crisis, and it has to do with more than just the cost of health insurance. That is a major problem, but we are also seeing a crisis that is reaching in many different directions. Talk to folks with parents and grandparents on Medicare. Ask them what they are facing when it comes to paying for prescription drugs. The Senator from Texas wants to take what limited amount of money we might spend for tax relief and give it to people making over $500,000 a year.  Frankly, I would like to see us also consider--in addition to the cost of health insurance--the deductibility of education expenses and prescription drug costs for the elderly in America. Do you know how much prescription drug costs went up last year in our country? It was 16 percent. Put yourself on a fixed income and in a position with a serious illness. You go to the doctor and he says: Durbin, if you want to stay out of the hospital, here is a prescription that I think will do the trick. Then you go down to the pharmacy and they say: Well, I am sorry to tell you that it will cost you $300 to fill the prescription. Well, if you are living on $800 or $900 a month--and that is not uncommon if you are on Social Security--what are you going to do? Many people have to make a hard choice: Am I going to fill the prescription and figure out how to pay the rent and utilities and the other bills, or am I going to walk away from it? Which is the higher priority in America, the seniors who have to walk away from the medicine they need too survive, or people making over $500,000 a year and to give them $39,000 a year in tax breaks? That is what it comes down to; that is the choice we face.  You have heard the Senator from Texas make his choice very clear: The highest priority, when it comes to taxes, from his point of view, is to say that the estate tax is going to be eliminated for everybody forever. I see it differently. We can reform the estate tax and do it in a sensible way. We can protect family farmers and family-owned businesses. I will sign up for that any day. But to say we are going to give a windfall in tax breaks to the wealthiest, at the expense of the people I have described, is unfair. It is the reason there are two different political parties in this Chamber, why we need political debate. It is the reason, when we disagree, sometimes it gets to the heart of issues that make a difference to families in America.  