President, it is my understanding that in a moment we will vote on my amendment. I certainly thank the chairman, Senator Bingaman, for his kind words of support. A number of my colleagues are cosponsors of this amendment to create a Consumer Energy Commission: Senator Smith, Senator Schumer, Senator Jeffords, and Senator Stabenow.  In this bill involving energy policy in America, there are many worthwhile issues to be considered. But I think there is one position that needs to be filled with this amendment. It is time for us to invite consumers from across America to be part of this conversation about America's energy future--the families who have to pay the heating bills, the hard-working people who have to pay for gasoline to get back and forth to work, the individuals and small businesses that may find because of price hikes they cannot keep their employees on the job, the farmers who are worried about aspects of energy price fluctuations and what that means to their lives.  This Commission is a short-term effort of limited duration and limited expense to try to invite that conversation so the consumers, small businesses, and family farmers will be part of our national strategy for energy security. We do not believe that the GAO, as good as it is, can really speak from that human and real perspective. They cannot provide the kind of study of which we are asking. The GAO and the IEA have provided plenty of studies and data on a variety of energy issues. However, they haven't brought the analysis, industry, and consumer groups together to consider particularly the problem of price spikes.  I have a chart that shows gasoline retail prices. You can see why a lot of people in the Midwest, for example, call me and call the President from time to time to ask: What is going on at the gasoline station? Today it is $1.30 a gallon and the next day it is $2 a gallon. Why would that happen? Has war broken out in the Middle East? No. It is just the Easter surprise that you have every year in the Midwest. Gasoline prices have gone out of control. For months at a time, families find they are spending extraordinary amounts for gasoline. Businesses cut back on their employees. Whether it is trucking companies, delivery services, we find a lot of sacrifices are being made.  I do not know that this Commission is going to come up with the direct answer to it, but what is wrong with inviting the consumers of America into this conversation? What is wrong with asking families and small businesses to join us in this effort?  That is why I hope we can bring all the stakeholders to the table. That is why I think we need to give consumers and small business a voice. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join me in strong support of this amendment creating a Consumer Energy Commission.  I yield the floor.  