President, I have the utmost respect for Senator Arlen Specter. During the Clinton Presidency, Senator Specter angered many in his own party by standing up to conservative special interest groups and supporting well-qualified mainstream judicial nominees, many of whom waited months or years for a confirmation hearing.  That said, Judge D. Brooks Smith of Pennsylvania has a track record that troubles me. His conservatism is not in dispute, on display in a 1993 speech to the ultra-conservative Federalist Society criticizing the Violence Against Women Act. He articulated a vision of constitutional federalism directly at odds with Congress's power to pass that important legislation, and many other important federal initiatives to fight crime, such as the highly successful ``Weed and Seed'' program. The Supreme Court subsequently invalidated a small portion of the Violence AgainstWomen Act, but Judge Smith's vision well exceeds the Court's own.  Judge Smith has also engaged in conduct that raises serious ethical questions.  First, as you have heard, Judge Smith has a long association with a prestigious private club that has a formal policy barring women from membership. Exclusive clubs are serious business, forging important commercial ties and blocking women from full opportunity in society. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who was offered a job as a legal secretary out of Stanford Law School, has endorsed limits on such clubs, noting that the government has a ``profoundly important goal of ensuring nondiscriminatory access to commercial opportunities in our society.''  We can debate back and forth the merits of whether the Spruce Creek Club is or is not a ``purely social'' organization, at least one club member told the Judiciary Committee investigator that he has attended several business conferences at the club. For me, though, it is even more significant that Judge Smith told this same Judiciary Committee in 1988 that he would comply with the ABA Code of Judicial Conduct and resign from the club if it did not change its policies. To his credit, he did try to change the policies. But he did not follow through on his commitment and resign for 10 more years.  Second, as a district court judge, Judge Smith sat on two fraud cases in which he and his wife had a conflict of interest. He did recuse himself from these cases, but only after a period of time had passed in which he was well aware of the conflict and continued to issue orders in both cases. His defense, that none of the parties asked him to recuse himself earlier, is weakened by the fact that he never told the parties, before or after, of his $100,000 plus investment in the bank in question.  Finally, I am troubled by Judge Smith's frequent attendance at judicial seminars sponsored by special interest groups and funded by corporations with litigation pending before his court. Most importantly, he remains to this day unwilling to report the value of those seminars on his financial disclosure forms and unwilling to accept responsibility to be attentive to the corporate sponsors of those seminars. Both of these positions are inconsistent with an advisory opinion of the Judicial Conference's Committee on Codes of Conduct.  For these, reasons, I am constrained to oppose Judge Smith's nomination.  