They went into the business without adequate reserves. They have seen their investments plummet, as everyone else has on Wall Street, and they are trying to make it up with new malpractice insurance premiums at the highest possible levels. So, instead of blaming the juries that find a doctor or hospital at fault, let us also take into account the insurance companies' economic and accounting problems which have led to this crisis today.  Let's look specifically at this amendment. Senator McConnell is consistent. When we brought up the bill about corporate corruption, he offered an amendment relating to trial lawyers. He believes that trial lawyers are the root of all evil. That amendment did not pass.  Now we come to a bill involving the cost of prescription drugs. Senator McConnell returns with another amendment related to trial lawyers.  It is said that if the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail. It appears that when it comes to the issues in the Senate, for some Senators the answer to every problem is to go after the trial lawyers.  I suggest that when we take a look at the McConnell amendment, there are at least four areas that should be troubling to everyone following this debate. First, Senator McConnell limits the period of time when someone can discover an injury or act of malpractice and bring a lawsuit. If they wait too long, they lose their chance to go to court. That is something we ought to think about long and hard.  Secondly, Senator McConnell says that once someone has discovered that they have an injury caused by a doctor or a hospital and go to find an attorney, he limits in this amendment the amount of money that an attorney can receive for a contingency fee. A contingency fee is the poor man's ticket to the courthouse. If injured victim is not a millionaire, the only way that an attorney will take a complicated medical malpractice case is for a percentage of what they ultimately recover. If they recover zero, they are paid zero. But if they recover a substantial amount, they receive a percentage. Senator McConnell wants to limit the contingency fee to limit the number of attorneys who will take these cases to court.  The third issue is this: Senator McConnell creates a new tax on punitive damages. What he says is, if someone has done something so outrageous or deliberate, with conscious malice and disregard, that a jury would impose punitive damages on that doctor or hospital--and I can give a litany of possibilities--Senator McConnell says, sorry, the Government is going to take away half of the punitive damages verdict; albeit, for good reasons. But nevertheless, this is a new tax created by Senator McConnell on a jury verdict.  Finally, what the Senator says in this bill is, if one had the foresight to buy medical or life insurance, for example, to cover their health or life, and they are injured or killed because of medical malpractice, any jury verdict will be reduced by the amount of the insurance payment that one happens to receive from the policy they took out on their own life. These people invest in insurance and pay for it over a lifetime. But the amendment would take away part of that amount from a jury award. Those four things are fundamentally unfair.  We have talked in the corporate corruption debate about accountability. We have said corporate officials should be held accountable for their conduct. The same is true of people in the practice of medicine. They should be held accountable, too. If they are guilty of wrongdoing, injuring innocent people, then they should be held accountable.  Unfortunately, the McConnell amendment goes too far and takes away accountability. It is certainly the type of an amendment which insurance companies are happy to see. It reduces their ultimate exposure, but what it does is close and limit the courthouse doors for ordinary people who have become victims.  To give one illustration from my State: A young woman in April of 1989 went into a hospital for treatment for breast cancer. The doctor inserted a 16 centimeter-long catheter in her vein in her upper chest. After her chemotherapy was completed, the catheter was supposed to be removed. In July of the following year, the doctor removed the catheter, but he did not take it all. In December 1991, over 2 years after her initial treatment, she went in for an X-ray and discovered that 9 centimeters of this catheter was lodged in her heart, causing pain, causing her discomfort all of the time.  Ultimately, the doctors decided it was too risky to engage in surgery to remove the fragment, and so they decided to let the catheter piece remain lodged inside her heart. She will live with that foreign object inside her for as long as she lives. The doctor's mistake will be a pain that she feels every moment for the rest of her life.  Under Senator McConnell's amendment, there is a serious question as to whether or not she could have ever brought the lawsuit. Did she wait too long? It took more than 2 years to discover this situation. She would have to fight, under the McConnell amendment, to prove that this was a reasonable amount of time, that the pain should not have alerted her sooner.  Secondly, the amendment limits the attorney's fees. If this woman goes to consult an attorney and says, ``I am in pain; the doctor did something wrong; Ihave the X-ray,'' Senator McConnell would say her attorney cannot be paid more than a limited amount on contingency fees to go to the courthouse. Is that reasonable?  Fortunately, those provisions in the McConnell amendment did not apply and this lady went to court. She ultimately was awarded $1.5 million for pain and suffering, and an additional $500,000 for the increased risk of future injury.  Sadly, there are cases such as this that happen every day in America. The vast majority of doctors in our Nation are conscientious, hard-working, wonderful people, but mistakes are made. Sometimes they are tragic, sometimes they show gross negligence, and sometimes they are intentional, such as the removal of the wrong kidney when they leave a cancerous kidney in a person and remove the wrong one. What Senator McConnell is saying is that person who has been aggrieved and injured would be limited in their opportunity to recover.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  