 I rise today to speak in support of the Kennedy amendment, which will help ensure real competition between the public and the private sectors for the work performed by the Department of Defense. I am pleased to join my colleagues, Senator Jack Reed, Daniel Akaka, and Russ Feingold as a cosponsor of this important amendment.  Let me review what this amendment does. This amendment addresses the need for more competition and more information by requiring an analysis of the costs of maintaining work in the public sector. The amendment defines broad and flexible principles to guide a public-private competition process. It allows the Defense Department wide flexibility in setting up a competition consistent with these broad principles. The amendment provides discretion to the Defense Department to waive the public-private competition requirements when national security demands and exempts a number of activities from the requirements. It also permits DOD the discretion to determine which jobs and how many jobs should be subject to public-private competition.  The amendment will also provide Congress the information it needs to exercise important oversight by watching the level of managed competitions, since there is currently no requirement that agencies conduct them. And by granting DOD ``pilot program'' authority to explore alternatives to the OMB Circular A-76 process that will yield the same projected cost savings, we can gain some practical experience with some of the reforms recommended in the recently published report of the Commercial Activities Panel.  Nine months ago, our Nation's collective consciousness was jolted when heinous acts of terrorism were committed on American soil. As a result of those horrific acts, we are not--and never will be--the same. We are stronger in our response, more steeled in our resolve, more vigilant about identifying and eliminating our vulnerabilities. Overnight, that life-altering experience forced us to seriously evaluate the workings of our Government from a new and different perspective. We now view ``homeland security'' in completely different ways. Protecting our borders, our ports, nuclear power plants, chemical plants, water supplies, and other critical infrastructure has taken on a new and urgent imperative. The Department of Defense is reorganizing itself for homeland security, and functions that may not have seemed essential to DOD's mission may now, in fact, be essential; and conversely, there may be functions that could be better performed in the private sector, allowing DOD to focus on its mission.  I would like to share an example to illustrate this point. After September 11, I asked that my staff to secure a briefing on the security of a chemical munitions storage depot that sits 30 miles from the Illinois border. The United States is in the process of destroying these deadly munitions, which could kill hundreds of thousands of people, pursuant to the Chemical Weapons Convention. I learned that the depot had only one uniformed military officer--the commander--to protect it, because security was provided by private contractors. About a week after that, National Guard troops joined the private contractors in protecting this site.  Historically, DOD has set the pace as the lead Federal agency in using competitive sourcing. But when we talk about ``setting the pace''--what we know is that fewer than 1 percent of DOD service contracts are subject to public-private competition. Work is outsourced without any opportunity for public sector employees to compete for the jobs. And DOD is considered the leader--few civilian agencies have utilized the process; in fact, in Fiscal Year 1997, not one civilian agency reported conducted a cost comparison study.  The Department of Defense spends tens of billions of dollars annually on service contracts--ranging from services for repairing and maintaining equipment to services for medical care to advisory assistance services such as providing management support, performing studies, and delivering technical assistance.  In fiscal year 1999, DOD reportedly spent $96.5 billion for contract services--more than it spent on supplies and equipment. GAO has repeately reported that inadequate and inaccurate information provided by DOD on service contract spending hampers congressional decisionmaking and limits congressional use of information reported in the budget.  Not only is reliable cost information scarce, there is too little competition for contracts to provide services to and for Federal agencies. As I indicated, fewer than 1 percent of DOD service contracts are subject to public-private competition. Because there is such a small fraction competed, there is a paucity of information and a host of unknowns about whether outsourcing to the private sector is really saving money for the taxpayers. Outsourcing has evolved as one of the principal mechanisms used to reduce the size, scope, and costs of the Federal government. However, we have few clues about whether outscourcing has in fact reduced government costs, size, and scope.  A GAO study of savings obtained from competitive sourcing published in August 2000 reflected that DOD did realize savings from seven of the nine competitive sourcing cases reviewed, although less than the $290 million DOD initially projected. And savings occurred regardless of whether governmental organizations or private contractors won the competition. Last year, the General Accounting Office elevated strategic human capital management to its list of ``high-risk'' government-wide challenges. In testimony in February 2001 before the Governmental Affairs oversight subcommittee which I now chair, Comptroller General David Walker made it abundantly clear that Federal employees are not the problem. As Mr. Walker emphasized, to view Federal employees as costs to be cut rather than assets to be valued would be to take a narrow and shortsighted view, one that is obsolete and must be changed. I was heartened by his perspective.  Yet right on the heels of this acknowledgement of the severe human capital crisis facing the Federal workforce, the administration launched a major initiative requiring Federal agencies to compete or directly convert to the private sector at least 5 percent of the full-time equivalent jobs listed on their Federal Activities Inventories. An additional 10 percent of the jobs are to be competed or converted by the end of Fiscal Year 2003, 85,000 jobs, for an aggregate of 15 percent of all Federal jobs considered commercial in nature.  It strikes me that it will be about as formidable as the perils of Sisyphus to make any headway in recruiting and retaining the best and brightest in the Federal workforce when in the same breath you are telling them that over the next few years one out of every four jobs is potentially slated to disappear into the private sector. We really don't have a trove of solid, reliable agency-by-agency information aboutthe costs and performance of work that is being performed for the government under contract. This amendment will begin to gather it--by and for the Department of Defense.  I have long been interested in whether we have a system to measure and account for these costs, determine if there is savings, and oversee the work that is being done with Federal funds. It has been my impression that some of my colleagues have been just hidebound to outsource, without regard to the price tag or performance. Their motivation was to reduce the size of the Federal workforce--at any cost. When I suggested amendments--arguing that we had to save money, they rejected them. They told me that is not the point--we have to turn some lights out in some federal buildings. I would like to know whether that's still driving the outsourcing fervor.  I want to be perfectly clear: I am not opposed to all outsourcing. What I am concerned about is ensuring that decisions to shift work to the private sector are made fairly, not arbitrarily; that public-private competition is fostered; and that we have a reliable system in place to have information about the costs and performance of work being performed with Federal funds by the private sector under these contracts, in essence, accountability.  You can outsource and save money for taxpayers, and I think you should do that. If you decide you will outsource, privatize, and contract out, whether you save money for taxpayers or not, you are not serving either taxpayers or the needs of our Nation.  It is interesting to me that the Senators on the other side of the aisle are fearful of the word ``competition.'' The thought that the private sector might have to compete for providing services to the Federal Government with the public sector is unacceptable to them.  When you look at the Department of Defense, they spend over $96 billion a year on contracts per services. How many of those are competitively bid? Less than $1 billion. Ninety-five billion out of $96 billion in these contracts for services go without competitive bid. It has created cozy, sweetheart, comfortable arrangements with companies and the Pentagon. They do not want to compete. They do not want to stand up against those who say we can do it for you more professionally, more cheaply, more effectively. They can't stand the idea of competition. That is why they are opposing the Kennedy amendment.  Should we not at this point in time of our history, with limited resources, fighting a war on terrorism, insist the taxpayers get every dollar of service for every dollar of taxpayers' money they put into our national defense? That is what the Kennedy amendment says. That is why I am happy to cosponsor it.  