I thank the Senator from Alaska. I stand corrected. The use of the word ``wilderness'' is inappropriate. It is the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  I do believe it is somewhat specious to argue it is only the size of South Carolina. Three Mile Island was only the size of this Capitol Building, and when you look at some of the oil spills I have seen, when I went up to see Prince Edward Sound, the size of that tanker may not have been much longer than half the size of this building, but what it did when it ruptured caused damage far beyond the size of the tanker.  When the Senator says it is just the size of South Carolina, I think, frankly, that understates the potential damage which could be done to the environment and to the wildlife if we are not careful.  Plus, I have to tell my colleagues, I believe it is shortsighted and it is not the wisest and most prudent approach to say that if we are going to have any kind of energy independence, then we have to drill in a national wildlife refuge in Alaska.  There are so many other activities we can do by way of conservation, efficiency, and drilling for oil and gas in environmentally sound areas that would absolve us from getting into the controversy of going into this wildlife refuge. I think, frankly, that is a wrongheaded approach. I disagree with the Senator from Alaska. I was happy to yield him the time, and he made his point.  In concluding this presentation, let me say the following: I hope when we get into this debate about fuel economy and fuel efficiency standards that we can find a way to deal with some of the more vexing aspects of the problem. Part of this has to do with credits we created years ago rewarding some automobile manufacturers for the types of vehicles they made and not rewarding others.  The building up of these credits has created a secondary, but very important, argument which should be addressed as part of this energy policy debate.  What I think we should require of all manufacturers that want to sell in the United States, domestic and foreign, is that they demonstrate a real commitment to improved fuel efficiency of their vehicles.  Recently, one of the engineers in the city of Chicago at the Illinois Institute of Technology wrote an article for the Chicago Tribune in which he had a few thoughts about the whole discussion of hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered vehicles. It is an interesting concept, he said, but at least 10 years away, maybe longer; we should continue to explore, but, frankly, do not hold it out as the Holy Grail; and that just because of the possibility of hydrogen-fueled cars, we really should not avoid addressing fuel efficiency and economy in today's automobiles.  He said at the end of the article: I hope the Senators from Illinois read this article and give me a call.  So I did. I said to the Professor: What is it you would suggest we do?  He said: There are things that can and should be done now to improve the fuel efficiency of vehicles. Why Detroit and other manufacturers are holding back on it, I do not understand.  He gave us one illustration. A larger battery in a vehicle allows one to turn to more electronic equipment in that vehicle as opposed to mechanical and hydraulic, which takes weight off the vehicle but still performs the valuable function. That seems sensible to me.  He says a heavier battery where there is electronic-powered brakes, for example, could save 2 miles per gallon, and you think, well, that is a pretty sensible thing to do.  He also said looking to newer materials that are safe materials that can be used in vehicles that do not add to weight but still provide protection, all of these things have to be on the table. They will not be taken seriously by Detroit unless and until we are serious about fuel economy standards. We will continue to play the role of second best in this automobile technology race unless and until Congress has the willingness and the political courage to step up and say to Detroit and all automobile and truck manufacturers across America: We have to do better.  When I asked one of the critics of this bill today what do they think we can achieve, what is realistic when it comes to fuel economy, he said: I think we can achieve a 10-percent improvement in fuel economy by the year 2019.  I said: So we could go from 27\1/2\ miles per gallon to perhaps 31 miles per gallon by the year 2019?  Yes, he said.  So I said: From 1985 to 2019 the best we could achieve was 3 miles per gallon?  I do not buy that. I do not believe that. I really believe we proved between 1975 and 1985 that given the right incentives, we can do a lot better than that, and I sincerely hope those who are involved in this debate will not view it as a political and legal struggle but as a technological challenge, because once challenged, I think our scientists and engineers can rise to that occasion.  So I commend my colleague from New Mexico, Senator Bingaman, for his leadership on this bill, as well as the majority leader, Senator Daschle, for joining him in this effort. I look forward to this debate because I believe it is timely. And I am hoping that as a result of it we will have a reliable, stable supply of energy; we will have conservation policies that make sense for our future; we will move toward renewable fuels which have such great potential; we will find ourselves using alternative fuels that, frankly, have been valuable to us and can be used even more. That is part of a balanced debate that does not have us drilling in wildlife refuges--not wilderness, as Senator Murkowski has corrected me--and areas that, frankly, should be the last place, not the first place, we turn to when we are desperate for energy, especially when we have a lot of options we can consider in terms of energy efficiency.  I yield the floor.  