I can't believe the circumstance is any different in Oklahoma. I have to believe the hospitals in rural Oklahoma and Illinois are facing the same problems. That is why this amendment offered by Senators Daschle and Baucus as an effort to try to help those hospitals really shouldn't have much debate. I, frankly, think if we don't face this head on, we are going to face head on a serious medical crisis in this country. We are going to see a lot of hospital closures. We are going to see a lot of health care providers that can't continue to make provisions for those who are in nursing homes and hospitals. If we don't do something with this bill's recommendations, if we get up in the politics of the moment, if we find ourselves time and time objecting to bringing this economic stimulus to the floor, it is going to be at the expense of the basic health care of small towns in America--in the Midwest, Far West, and all over the United States.  When you take a look at these two basic provisions for giving a helping hand to unemployed workers who are trying to keep their families together, and giving a helping hand to health care providers that are particularly hard pressed because of this economy, this section seems to be an excellent starting point in our debate about moving this economy forward.  There may be other amendments offered on the other side. Senator Daschle says we are open to that suggestion. Let us have amendments offered on both sides and bring this bill to conference.  The President told us to get moving. Senator Daschle offered this amendment just for that purpose. The question is now whether the Republicans in the Senate will join us in a bipartisan effort to do something. I can tell you right off the bat there will be Republican amendments that they might offer which I can't support.  I just left a hearing on Enron, which is the topic de jour on Capitol Hill. We went through what happened in that corporation. It had a situation basically where the Enron ship started to sink. The corporate officials and officers grabbed the lifeboats and left the pensioners and investors and employees to drown. That is exactly what happened. As a result of that, there is little sympathy on Capitol Hill for Enron. Yet one of the Republican economic stimulus plans was to give--get this-- $260 million in tax breaks to that bankrupt corporation. I am not going to stand for that. I will vote against that every day of the week. Try to explain to people back home why you want to give a tax break to a bankrupt corporation where the officers and officials basically fleeced investors across America, including the President's mother-in-law.  Do we want to give a tax break to that operation or a $1 billion tax break to IBM? Those are issues we can debate at length and get to a vote on. I think there ought to be votes taken with time limits for debate and get to the bottom of it. It depends on the bipartisan will of this body. The Senate is constructed so one Senator can stand up and object and that is basically the end of the story. That is what happened this morning.  I hope my friends on the Republican side of the aisle will take another look. I hope they will understand there are unemployed families in every State. They are not just Democrats. They are Republicans and Independents, too. They have people who want a basic helping hand.  What we are suggesting to help is no radical idea. President Bush's father did that. When he faced a recession during his Presidency, he extended unemployment benefits. This isn't some Socialist scheme we are coming up with, I say to my colleagues on the Republican side. This was considered a good, sound, economic decision by the President's father's administration.  This morning we pick up the newspaper and find the political climate and scenery has changed quite a bit in America. For a long time, we labored under the deficits with a lot of red ink. It meant that the national debt kept going up and up. So we had to collect taxes from businesses and individuals across America just to pay the interest on the national debt. This was not tax money collected for education or for the defense of our Nation or for health care. No. It was money collected to pay interest on the national debt largely held by foreign investors.  We have turned that corner. In the last 6 years of the Clinton administration, we started generating surpluses. We started funding for retirement in America. We could say to our kids that they were going to see in their lifetime the publicly held national debt come to an end. That would basically have changed in our lifetime. The money collected was going to be spent to make America a better place rather than paying interest on old debt. That was the trend line.  The fiscal discipline we are facing today and the Congressional Budget Office report says the party is over. The surplus is gone. We are back into deficits.  For some reasons, it is very easy to explain. I voted to fight this war. I voted to give the President the money he needed for our troops. I would do it again tomorrow. Did it add to the deficit? Yes. I do not think there is a person in America--certainly not the parents and families of those who are serving our country--who would have us shortchange the men and women in uniform. That is absolutely the right thing to do. We are going to continue to do it, but it means more and more deficit spending so we can wage this war successfully and bring our troops home safely. So be it.  Also, the fact is it has taken a toll on our surpluses as well. There were some projections that by now we would have rosy scenarios and all sorts of good times ahead of us. It hasn't happened. We are still in a recession. The recession takes money out of the Government coffers and adds to the deficit.  We also passed a tax bill last year--a tax cut bill. Many of us cautioned, saying: Go slow. Don't try to guess what the economy is going to look like 5 or 10 years from now. I may be wrong. It didn't even take a year. In 8 months, those rosy projections about surpluses have evaporated with the recession and with the war. It is over. That is why, with the suggestions of greater and greater tax cuts in the future, a lot of us fought the battle to finally end the deficits and move toward a surplus in our Federal budget. We don't want to return to those bad old days.  For goodness' sake, for our children, let us retire this national debt and get back to fiscal discipline and a sound approach. We cannot give all the tax cuts that we all would like to give.  This is an election year. Every candidate wants to stand in front of a crowd and say: I voted to cut your taxes. People just cheer and big, broad smiles cross their faces. Folks are coming to understand that there is a price to pay for it. The $300 or $600 rebate checks they got last year added to the deficit. Money is now being taken out of the Social Security trust fund and Medicare trust fund to pay for it. It is a price that we will pay.  My colleague from Michigan, Senator Stabenow, said yesterday that this is an analogy between what happened at Enron and what is happening here in this debate. At Enron, the top officials cashed in their stock before it became worthless while the little guys who had their 401(k)s--investors and employees--didn't get a chance to cash in their stock and were left holding the bag. Everything disappeared. Financial security was gone. The same debate is going on here now.  There are those who want to give tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America at the expense of the retirement of the workers of America--the Social Security trust fund. That doesn't make sense. Let us not do an Enron on America. Let us make sure that we have a sound policy that really is good for this economy, and every part of it--small businesses, family farmers, and workers alike.  That is why the Daschle-Baucus proposal before us is a good one. It is one that starts us toward a path of doing something sensible to help the economy but not something that will hurt us in the long term.  I urge my colleagues, particularly on the Republican side who objected to this economic stimulus package this morning, to please reconsider. Let us bring this to the floor. If you have some good ideas, let us have a debate and vote--and a limit on the time we put into that debate so we know it is going to end and hopefully end up with a bipartisan bill to send to the conference. And maybe with the work on the House and Senate sides we can have a bill for the President by the beginning of next week. That is important. I think Senator Daschle has stepped forward with a positive, sensible, and fiscally conservative approach on this which is good for America and which is good for our economy.  I yield the floor.  