 It is very clear what the President wants to focus on. He wants to focus, it appears, exclusively on the issue of Iraq. Of course, we all concede that national security is our No. 1 priority. I happen to believe, as most do, that Democrats and Republicans have stood together since September 11 of 2001. We have provided the President the resources with the authority, and we have told him we will stand shoulder to shoulder with him in fighting a war on terrorism.  There is little disagreement on Saddam Hussein and Iraq. I haven't heard a single Member of Congress from either party in either Chamber stand to defend Saddam Hussein. This man is a thug. He has been a threat to his own people, to the region, and certainly, if he is developing weapons of mass destruction, then they could be a threat way beyond that region of the world.  We have to take it very seriously, as we have. I thought we made real progress last week. There was a time in early August when voices from the White House were telling us: We are just going to have to go it alone. The United States will have to take on Saddam Hussein by itself. Incidentally, we don't need congressional approval. We have father Bush's war approval whichwill be good enough for son Bush as President.  I disagree with that, but that was an argument being made out of the White House. There was also a suggestion that the President and the United States need not go to the United Nations to talk about inspections; that we would just, frankly, achieve regime change on our own.  Thank goodness cooler heads prevailed. Thank goodness, last week, the President not only acknowledged that he would come to Congress for any approval before we would go to war, he also went to the United Nations in New York on September 12 and made a historic speech, calling on the United Nations to live up to its responsibility, its mandate, in terms of the power and weaponry of Iraq, and basically said to the United Nations: It is time for us to prove this organization has a future.  Good news followed. This morning's paper suggests that Iraq got the message, a message delivered not just by the United Nations but by a lot of nations that historically had been at least friendly with Iraq and have now said they have no choice, they have to reopen their country to meaningful inspections. If the press reports are accurate, Saddam Hussein has said he will allow U.N. inspections on an unconditional basis now. That is a dramatic mark of progress. I hope the White House will take yes for an answer. I hope the White House will realize that we can seize a historic opportunity to send inspection teams in to find out exactly what is going on in Iraq.  If it is threatening to us, to anyone in the region, or to the people of Iraq, we have to use the authority of the United Nations to make certain that it becomes a peaceful situation. I think progress has been made. I will tip my hat to the President and to those in the White House for that fact.  But mark my words, there are some who will not take yes for an answer. They won't be satisfied that the U.N. is living up to its responsibility if it sends in inspectors. They will not be satisfied that Saddam Hussein has said: We are opening our borders. They will say: We can't trust him. It will never work. Let's prepare to invade.  That makes a mockery of the President's visit to New York last week, to the United Nations. He has called on the United Nations to act. Now it is time to give them an opportunity to act. We should respond accordingly. If it is successful, if we can bring Iraq under control through this fashion, without a war, without the loss of innocent life, then thank goodness we can consider that alternative, and we should pursue it. If not, of course, there is another day for us to consider the options that may be at our disposal.  That is the issue of national security. I have to tell you, as I travel around the State of Illinois, there are people who want to talk about other issues of security; for example, health care security.  The Presiding Officer, the Senator from Michigan, has been a leader on the issue of prescription drugs. As I go about the State of Illinois, people are interested in Iraq, but I still run into people, senior citizens in particular but ordinary families as well, who talk about the fact that they cannot afford to buy the prescriptions they need to keep themselves and their children healthy. I don't see the kind of fervor and desire coming out of the Republican side when it comes to health care security as there is for national security.  When it comes to health care security, the cost of health insurance, I went yesterday to speak to the Illinois State Chamber of Commerce. The members who were gathered there of the major corporations in Illinois agree with the major unions in Illinois that the cost of health insurance is bankrupting our system. Businesses cannot afford to buy insurance for the owners of the business, let alone for the employees. The premiums go up 25, 35 percent a year. Labor unions are seeing every increasing dollar amount on an hourly basis eaten up completely by the cost of health insurance increases.  Have we heard a word from this administration about health care security, about the cost of health insurance? Of course not.  