President, I strongly support this bill, but at the outset I want to make clear what this bill does and does not do.  This bill makes a clear and unequivocal statement endorsing further enlargement of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and it authorizes assistance to aspirant countries.  The bill does not choose which countries will be asked to join NATO in Prague in November, nor does it prejudge the vote in the Senate when the treaty changes that includes new members comes before the Senate for its advice and consent.  We want to pass this bill today to make a strong statement prior to the President's trip to Europe that the Senate welcomes another round of enlargement to include those countries that are ready to accept the responsibilities of membership.  Many nations aspire to join NATO including Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovenia, Slovakia, Romania, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Croatia, and Albania. It will be up to NATO to decide which countries have met the criteria of democratic governance and military preparedness.  I want to focus my remarks on the Baltic states, not because I oppose the membership of other aspirant states. I always confess my prejudice when I speak about the Baltic states. My mother was born in Lithuania. So when I speak of the Baltic countries, it is with particular personal feeling. I have visited Lithuania on four or five different occasions and have also visited Latvia and Estonia several times.  I went to Lithuania a few years ago, along with my late brother, Bill. We went to see the tiny town where our mother was born, Jurbarkas. When we were there, we found that we had relatives, cousins, that we never knew we had--family separated by the Iron Curtain.  I did not believe in my lifetime that I would see the changes that have taken place in those three tiny countries. When I first visited Lithuania back in 1979, it was under Soviet domination, and it was a rather sad period in the history of that country. The United States said for decades that we never recognized the Soviet takeover of the Baltic States. We always believed them to be independent nations that were unfortunately invaded and taken over by the Soviets.  But in 1979, I saw the efforts of the Soviet Union to impose Russian culture upon the people in Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.  The Soviets expatriated many of the local people and sent them off to Siberia and places in the far reaches of Russia; and then they sent Russians into the Baltic states in an effort to try to homogenize them into some entity that was more Russian that it was Baltic.  But it did not work. The people maintained--zealously maintained--their own cultures, and they kept their own religion, their own languages, and their own literature and their own dreams. I did not imagine in 1979 that I would ever see these Baltic states once against free, and yet I lived to see that happen.  On March 1, 1990, Lithuania re-asserted its independence from the domination of the Soviet Union. Latvia and Estonia followed with declarations canceling the Soviet annexation of their countries.  These declarations were not without cost. In January 1991, Soviet paratroopers stormed the Press House in Vilnius, injuring four people. Barricades were set up in front of the Lithuanian Parliament, the Seimas. On January 13, 1991, Soviet forces attacked the television station and tower in Vilnius, killing 14 Lithuanians. One woman was killed when she tried to block a Soviet armored personnel carrier. Five hundred people were injured during these attacks. In Latvia, peaceful, but courageous crowds surrounded the parliament building in Riga to prevent a Soviet attack.  The images of crowds of unarmed civilians facing down Soviet tanks to protect their parliaments in Vilnius and Riga was a powerful message of resistance that shocked Moscow and resonated throughout the Soviet Union. Their courage led the way for other Soviet Republics to throw off the yolk of Soviet Communist imperialism, resulting in the disintegration of the Soviet Union in August 1991.  Today these three nations have worked hard to become market economies, to watch their democracies flourish. The fact that they want so much to be part of NATO is an affirmation of great hope and great optimism for the future of Europe. As countries like Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia, and so many others that were either part of the Warsaw Pact or even Soviet Republics become [part of NATO, they show the dramatic transformation into a democratic form and a new democratic vision in Europe, whole and free.  The Baltic countries have nurtured their relations with the West, but they have also worked to have good relations with Russia. Despite the bitter experienced of years of Soviet occupation each Baltic country has worked to be sure that its citizenship and language laws conform to European standards, taking care not to discriminate against ethnic Russians.  As a result of these steps, and because of the United States and NATO's efforts to engage Russia in a positive relationship with NATO, Russia's opposition to Baltic membership in NATO has evaporated, or at least receded to grudging acceptance.  The Baltic countries have also taken steps to fact up to the bitter history of the Holocaust, when hundreds of thousands of Lithuanian, Estonian, and Latvin Jews perished, by setting up a Holocaust museum, teaching about the history of the Holocaust in school, returning Torah scrolls, and working to restore Jewish property.  If we refuse to enlarge NATO further, we would have told these countries that despite their epic and inspiring struggle to liberate themselves from communism, the West had once again turned its back on them. We must make it clear that Russia is welcome to cooperate with the undivided, free, pros, and secure Europe that is being built.  Some people have questioned what these tiny countries would bring to NATO. NATO is not a country club, after all it is a military alliance.  When the Soviets troops finally left the Baltic countries, they took everything. There wasn't even a toilet seat left in a barracks, the drain pipes were cemented shut, and the military hardware was gone. They started from scratch. This has made their effort to building a military harder and more expensive, but in some ways, it has been a blessing. The old Soviet ways disappeared along with their equipment. Western ways of thinking about military organization were welcomed. In 10 years, with the help of the United States, Poland, Great Britain, Germany, the Nordic countries, and othersin Europe, these countries have built new militaries on a Western model.  To be sure, they are small countries, but they have their niche. The Baltic countries can and will make a positive contribution to NATO. They are building small militaries with a reserve system that can be called up in time of war. They have specialized in peacekeeping and logical support and have participated in missions in Bosnia, Kosovo, and now in Kyrgyzstan. They each are spending the requisite 2 percent of GDP on defense, but have also pooled their resources and cooperated on a Baltic Naval Squadron, a Baltic Defense College, and a Baltic Peacekeeping Battalion. They have worked together to create a joint air surveillance network that NATO will be able to use and are contributing some facilities, including an important former Soviet airbase.  When we ratified the membership of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic, some in the Senate doubted their contributions, worried about cost burdens, and feared adding these new members would have NATO cumbersome and unworkable. These problems have not materialized; rather, Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic have been our staunch allies in NATO.  The model of the last round serves as well for this one. I believe we must complete the job we started in 1999 to expand NATO and cement a stable, democratic, whole, and free Europe.  