But I will say to my friend Senator Frist, you know as well as I do what a $300 million difference means. It means money going into the Global Fund from the United States that can be leveraged to induce even greater contributions from countries around the world. It means $300 million more that will be spent for mother-child transmission, for treatment to deal with HIV, tuberculosis, and malaria.  I came to this debate asking, in my mind, for $700 million, and I did not think it was an outrageous request, even though it was emergency spending. I concluded, watching the amendments on the floor of the last several days, I could lose; I could lose $700 million. So I went to Senator Frist and I said: Listen. My name on this proposal is secondary. What is important is to get the $500 million. I'll join you. I'll walk away from my amendment. I will be a cosponsor of your amendment. I will give up whatever publicity might come from it. Who cares? Let's get the job done.  We talked about it until just a few hours ago when, to my surprise, the $500 million Helms-Frist amendment became $200 million.  What happened? In all these months, has the need decreased? Of course not. The need has increased. So I come to the floor today to offer this amendment for $500 million.  I say to my colleagues to please think twice. There will be a parliamentary point of order made in a few moments by Senator Byrd. I understand it. He is chairman of the committee. He is protecting the committee. Even though I serve on it, I understand it.  But think for a minute. Are you going to let a procedural vote stop the investment of $300 million--more than Senator Frist is going to offer--$300 million in the Global Aids Fund that can be used across the world to save lives? Of all the items we vote for day in and day out, we have to walk down there many times and vote for things for our colleagues from other States, and ask, Is it really worth it? We are loyal. We do it. You know in your heart of hearts that this is the kind of money that should be spent by America to make a difference. That is why the United States leads the world, not just in military power and with its economy but in our values. We define our values by our pocketbook and how we spend it. Tonight, $500 million can make a big difference. It can make a difference in places around the world that you will never see.  But I will tell you this. Take a moment in your life and go to these Third World countries. Look right into the eyes of these mothers and their children and you will never have any question about a $500 million vote.  I went to a place in Kampala where they were putting together a memory book. I sat on a porch with mothers as they showed me the scrapbooks of their lives which they were putting together to leave for their children playing in the yard. The mothers were dying of AIDS. They wanted that little child playing in the yard to remember who they were in the years to come.  That is the tragedy of AIDS. That is the reality of AIDS. That is why we need $500 million.  I implore my colleagues. I have come to this floor so many times but never with so much depth of feeling about the importance of what we are going to do.  Let us not negotiate the difference and bid this down. Let us do what we know is right in our hearts and minds and leave tonight with the passage of this appropriations bill feeling that the United States once again continues to lead the world in fighting the global AIDS epidemic so our children and our grandchildren will not see that great scourge that travels around the world.  I close by saying to you: I salute all of my colleagues--Democrats and Republicans--who joined me. I thank them for their support. But please, for the sake of the millions of people around the world who are now feeling that they are so alone, give them a helping hand with a $500 million investment in hope.  I ask unanimous consent that Senator Daschle be added as a cosponsor of this bill.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (