The Senator spelled out in amazing detail what this debate is about. We come to this floor understanding that a miracle has taken place in terms of health care in America within the lifetime of most of us. When this Senate considered the Medicare bill back in the 1960s, there was a very limited formula, a limited number of prescription drugs that were available, and they did not include in Medicare the coverage of prescription drugs.  Look at what has happened since then. There has been a massive investment by the Government, the taxpayers, and by private industry, and we have seen emerging from that brandnew pharmaceuticals that give us the hope of conquering diseases that have plagued mankind forever. This new formulary, ever-expanding, has created a new demand. Of course, it is a demand brought on by people who want to save their own lives as well as those of their family members. It is a demand that is monitored by doctors; a doctor will decide whether this particular drug is right for this patient at this moment.  But at the same time that this miraculous evolution was taking place, the cost of these pharmaceuticals was also rising geometrically, to the point that today many average Americans cannot afford the very prescription that their doctor believes will keep them healthy and out of the hospital. So many of them put off filling a prescription and maybe take half of what they are supposed to take or they have to make a sacrifice--whether it is food, shelter, or paying a utility bill--in order to pay for their drugs.  There has been a demand growing in America for the Congress to respond and to expand the Medicare Program again so we would include prescription drugs. That is something that is worthy and is supported by Democrats and Republicans and Independents.  When you come down to the specific challenge of making it work, one of the biggest problems you face is price. If the cost of prescription drugs continues to grow, as it has in the past, there is no way any of us in the Senate or in the House can devise a Government program to pay for it and to keep up with that cost. Last year, the cost of prescription drugs across America went up some 18 percent. You cannot create a Government program and fund it properly that will keep up with that kind of geometric growth in price.  So there are various ways we can address it. To the north of us, Canada has addressed it with a national health system. We can argue back and forth about whether doctors or hospitals should be Government employees, but when it comes to prescription drugs, what Canada said to the drug companies in America is: If you want to sell your product in Canada, we will bargain with you as to how much you will be paid. The American drug companies said: Fine, let's start the bargaining process. As a result of that bargaining process, there are dramatic differences in the price of drugs between the United States and Canada.  If you look at this chart and go through the drug names, you will recognize some of them. These are the drugs that you find advertised on television, on radio, in newspapers, and in magazines almost on a daily basis. Celebrex, for arthritis, goes for $135 for 90 doses in the United States. In Canada, the same drug, same dosage, and the same company, it is $83. Lipitor, for cholesterol, is $266 in the United States and $179 in Canada. Nexium, for ulcers--the little purple pill, I think it is--is $344 in the United States and $219 in Canada. Paxil, which we have seen ads for, is for depression and anxiety; it is $236 in the United States and $152 in Canada. The list goes on. There is Premarin, Prevacid, Vioxx, Zocor, Zoloft--all the names we are familiar with because of advertising.  The lesson to be learned is that when the Canadian Government said they were going to bargain for the good of people living in Canada, they started saving money for their people and their health system. What is missing in this picture? There is nobody in the U.S. who is bargaining for the American consumer.  Yesterday, on the floor of the Senate, my colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator Santorum, argued that is just a price Americans have to pay. It is our responsibility, as he argues, to subsidize the profitability and growth of American drug companies. The fact that these same drugs are costing a fraction--the exact same drugs--in countries around Europe, Canada, and Mexico, he believes is just part of their socialized Government-controlled system.  I can tell you from the U.S. consumer's point of view, it is cold comfort to be told that for a drug you have to pay 40, 50 percent more than someone living a few miles over the border in Canada because it is your burden to subsidize American pharmaceutical companies. But that is the argument being made by those who are opposing many of the issues before us today.  Now, Canada isn't the only entity bargaining with American drug countries. Mexico and a lot of European countries bargain and say: If you want to come into our health system and sell your drug in our country, we are going to reach an agreement as to what you can charge; otherwise, you are not welcome. Well, the companies, by and large, have all agreed to do exactly that--enter into this agreement and reduce drug costs in every country but the United States.  In the United States, there are certain elements within our society that have bargaining power with the drug companies. A couple of examples come to mind immediately. The Veterans Administration, on behalf of America's veterans and hospitals, bargain with drug companies to bring down the cost of drugs. I am glad. The veterans benefit from it. Indian Health Service, the same story; Public Health Service, the same story. Many States, through Medicaid, bargain in terms of bringing down the cost of drugs. When you look at it, private insurance companies reach these same bargains. They say to a drug company: If you want to have an eligible drug for the people we insure, we are going to bargain on a price that we think is acceptable. That bargaining takes place to the benefit of another group of Americans.  If you look at the population of this country, who is being left out in the cold? I will tell you. The first group you will notice is Medicare recipients, people over the age of 65. No one is bargaining for them. These people, retired and on fixed incomes, are paying the highest prices, not only in America but in the world, for drugs that are being made in the United States. High prices, of course, apply to many other families as well.  There are several ways we can approach this. We can decide that, as a society and as a government, we are going to negotiate on behalf of American consumers, the same way it is done in other countries around the world. Well, we have not quite reached that decision. Instead, we are trying to inch toward more competition and price justice. I salute the Schumer-McCain bill--the underlying bill--because this bill says we are going to try to make certain that generic drugs continue to play a major role in terms of providing the kinds of protections that Americans need.  Generic drugs have come a long way in America. We have seen, in a very short period of time, that they have become a substantial part of serving America's health needs. Almost 40 percent of the drugs today are generic drugs.  What is the difference between a brand named drug and a generic drug? Well, by classic definition, a brand name drug is under patent protection exclusivity. Only one company can make that drug. But when the patent runs out, expires, other companies can move in and use the exact same formula, make the same drug, and the price drops dramatically.  I will give you an illustration of how it works. I doubt there is a person inAmerica who hasn't heard of Claritin, made by the Scherling-Plough drug company. The ad shows people skipping through a field of wildflowers saying, I am not sneezing, so go to the doctor and tell him you need Claritin. Scherling-Plough spent more money advertising that drug than Pepsi-Cola spent advertising Pepsi in a given year or Anheuser-Busch spent advertising Budweiser. They wanted the Americans to develop an appetite for this drug Claritin. Then they got panicky because the patent was running out because then someone else could make a Claritin generic drug at a fraction of the cost. So they would come to Congress and try to find, at the midnight hour, a way to slip in an amendment to extend their patent another few months or years. We fought them back time and again.  And Scherling-Plough wasn't the only group trying to do that. What we have seen happen now is Claritin is coming off patent and the generic drugs are going to compete. Scherling-Plough is thinking: What are we going to do?  What did they do? They tweaked a molecule in Claritin and created a new allergy drug called Clarinex. Have you seen it on TV? It will soon be coming to a television near and dear to you. Now they want to create this appetite for Clarinex because it is back at the price they used to charge for Claritin. The odd thing is, if you had asked, many doctors from the start would have told you that over-the-counter drugs are as effective as Claritin or Clarinex will be ever be for most Americans.  The point I am making is, when you are talking about generic drugs, you are talking about affordable drugs for Americans. You are talking about giving them the same type of drugs, bioequivalent, as those under brand name and patents, and making certain they save money in the process. Senator Schumer and Senator McCain are trying to eliminate some of the abuses as drugs come off patent and move toward generic so consumers can enjoy that benefit.  Yesterday, on the floor of the Senate, by a vote of 69 to 30, we adopted an amendment by Senator Dorgan. Senator Dorgan of North Dakota said he finds it strange that in Canada, the exact same drug made by the same American company subject to the same inspection sells for a fraction of the cost, and why shouldn't we be allowed to reimport these drugs from Canada for the benefit of American consumers?  They came here on behalf of the pharmaceutical industry and said it is an invitation to terrorism; you are going to bring in counterfeit drugs. One of my colleagues said he had a formula he was holding up that was made out of highway paint. I could not follow the debate very closely, but the suggestion is that drug that moved across the border is, all of a sudden, suspect when it comes back.  I wanted to ask the critics of the Dorgan amendment why, if we have busload after busload of Americans going into Canada buying these drugs, if there is such a danger, why have we not heard some scandalous report about people dropping dead on the buses or as soon as they got home? It has not happened. It will not happen.  In the Senate, by a vote of 69 to 30, we decided to create another opportunity, beyond generic drugs, for reimportation of drugs from Canada, with the approval of the Secretary of Health and Human Services in terms of their safety and the fact they save us money. That was a step forward.  Today, I am happy to be a cosponsor of an amendment presently before the Senate which, frankly, has not been discussed for about 3 hours. I have listened to the debate on the floor, and no one has discussed this amendment by Senator Stabenow.  The last two speakers on the Republican side, Senator Hatch and Senator Frist, spoke to the generic drug part of the bill, but they are not addressing this bill which I think is a good one by Senator Stabenow.  What this bill says is that States across the Nation, such as Maine, Vermont, even the State of Illinois, can decide they want to try to bargain with the drug companies to bring down prices for everyone living in the State. What is wrong with that? If we are letting it be done in Canada and Mexico, the Veterans' Administration, private insurance companies, the Indian Health Service, why shouldn't a State try to find drug prices more affordable for the people living there? That is what the amendment says. It is as simple and straightforward as that. It is another opportunity for us to put some competition in drug pricing and to give consumers a break when it comes to paying for the pharmaceuticals they need to survive.  I think this amendment moves us in the right direction. It is sad that, once again, we are looking for another alternative to national action. That is what we need in this situation. We can think of a dozen different ways to reduce prices--by where you live, what State, whether you happen to be a veteran, whether you happen to have access to Canada. But shouldn't we as a nation address this in a straightforward fashion, understanding that the drug companies are in business to make a profit?  I will concede that point, but for the last 10 years, when one takes a look at the profitability of drug companies, one finds that it is about 19 percent a year on average. The median income and profitability of Fortune 500 companies during the same period of time is 3.3 percent. Drug companies are extremely profitable, and they are selling more and more drugs at higher prices and driving up that profitability.  We also believe that you should have enough money at a drug company to put money back into research--capital investment in research for new drugs. It is obvious. It is not only a question of making a profit, it is a question of finding that next generation of drugs to improve the lives of Americans. I think that is a very valid thing to do.  Senator Stabenow will not be offering the amendment I cosponsored with her that said those companies that are spending more money on advertising than they are on research ought to be held to only deducting the amount of money equivalent to what they spent on research for their advertising. I think that is reasonable, too. It calls the bluff of a lot of companies that say: We need to be more profitable for research. They need to be more profitable for more advertising, advertising creating many times a false appetite.  I stand today in support of this legislation on generic drugs. I believe it is a step in the right direction. The average price paid for a prescription for a brand name drug is about three times the amount of that paid for generics. The average consumer pays 238 percent more for brand name drugs, an average of $45.96.  Last year, 47 percent of all prescriptions were filled with generic drugs. Remember, the doctor makes the ultimate decision. If the doctor happens to believe a brand name drug is better for you or your family because of some situation, some peculiarity, that is the doctor's call, but having generic drugs available gives that doctor a choice and gives you a chance to find an affordable alternative for safe and efficacious treatment.  The underlying bill on generics is sound. I supported the reimportation amendment and stand in strong support of flexibility for States to act, which Senator Stabenow has submitted and which I am happy to cosponsor. Let us give to the States the opportunity to reduce prices so people can benefit from this competition and bargaining and still remain healthy.  