President, I rise in support of this amendment being offered by Senator Lieberman and Senator Smith of Oregon and so many others on a bipartisan basis. This is an important amendment, and it is a timely amendment, dealing with the Middle East. It is brief, but it gets to the point in a hurry. It says clearly what our principles of conduct should be and establishes standards and values which I believe the vast majority of Americans would agree.  I commend those who authored this very thoughtful and prudent amendment. It is presented to us in words and terms that are not inflammatory. We are doing our best at this level to express our solidarity with Israel, without in any way jeopardizing the efforts of the Bush administration or others to try to find peace in the Middle East.  It is important that our voice be heard, that the Senate pass this amendment, and the people across America and around the world who would take note of it understand why we are doing this.  In the morning hours of September 11, America was awakened to the reality of terrorism. The calm and safety of our great Nation was broken by explosion, bloodshed, and death. Our lives were changed forever on that day by the senseless violence. Our hearts were broken by the deaths of thousands of innocent Americans. You can still see, to this day, the full page of the New York Times every single day, since September 11, with the photographs and biographies of the victims. Our Nation was united, though, by this event. We were united to protect our people and to stop the threat of terrorism.  September 11, 2001, is a day in our history that America will never, ever forget. In Israel, each dawn seems to bring September 11--another horror, another tragedy, to a nation which bears its grief as a lifetime burden.  A city bus in Jerusalem was lifted 2 feet off the street by a powerful bomb, killing and maiming innocent passengers. A bar mitzvah in Tel Aviv, a seder in Netanay, was ripped by explosions, leaving a trail. This last weekend in Adora, 5-year-old Danielle Shefi was gunned down in her home, in her bed, in front of her mother by a Palestinian gunman.  Today we gather as Americans, as Senators, as survivors of September 11 to consider this important amendment, and with it to tell our friends in Israel: You will not grieve alone; you will not stand alone; you will not fight terrorism alone. From the moment Israel became a sovereign nation, the United States of America has stood by its side. And from that same moment, Israel has stood by the side of the United States. We are allies. We are friends. We are brothers and sisters in this battle for peace and an end to terrorism.  Our Nation believes the people of Palestine should have a safe and sovereign land but not at the expense of the safety and sovereignty of Israel. We believe the Palestinians deserve a voice in deciding their destiny, but that voice cannot be the roar of a suicide bomb killing innocent children. We believe the Palestinians deserve real leadership.  Recall for just a moment the brief history leading up to the current state of events when President Clinton, in his closing days in office, brought then-Prime Minister Barak to Camp David, along with Chairman Arafat, in a desperate last-minute effort in his administration to try to finally forge peace in the Middle East. They debated back and forth. They bargained for days at a time. They left and went back to the Middle East, those two leaders, and in Taba had a follow-up meeting to talk about details. When it was all done, when it was finished, 97 percent of thedisputed territory between the Palestinians and the Israelis had been resolved after 50 years of fighting, 50 years of an impasse and that much progress was made.  What happened? Chairman Arafat and the Palestinian Authority rejected that peace offering, rejected that peace agreement. And they didn't answer it with a strong letter. They answered it with violence in the street, the beginning of terrorism against the people of Israel. They rejected the peace agreement propounded by President Clinton and Prime Minister Barak and answered it with violence.  There were doubts in the minds of some as to whether the Israeli people would have even agreed to this, it was so broad, so sweeping, with 97 percent of the territory resolved. Yet Prime Minister Barak had the courage to come forward and say: I am prepared to put my political future on the line and offer it to the Israeli people. And he was rejected by the Palestinian side. And they answered with violence.  The ensuing election is now a matter of history. Mr. Barak lost to Mr. Sharon with the most overwhelming majority in the history of Israel. So if Chairman Arafat and the Palestinian Authority want to point a finger of blame at Ariel Sharon, they should be ready to acknowledge that they brought him to power. They did it with their response to this offering, this overture of peace.  I was in Israel this last January and had an opportunity to meet with many of the leaders before I came to Israel. While I was there, people from our Embassy and intelligence sources told me about the shipment of the Karine A. This was a ship intercepted by the Israelis carrying 50 tons of military armaments to the Palestinian Authority, with new rockets that made the whole nation of Israel vulnerable for the first time to rocket attack and 2,000 kilograms of C-4 plastic explosives, the weapon of choice of suicide and homicide bombers.  It was because of that shipment that I made a conscious decision not to meet with Chairman Arafat while I was there. I could not believe that as an American I could stand with President Bush in condemning terrorism and those who harbor terrorists and then turn a blind eye to this armed shipment.  So we stand today with a violent situation in the Middle East, one that needs to be resolved in peace. Let the violence and terrorism come to an end immediately. Let all innocent victims, whether they are Israelis or Palestinians, know that tomorrow is a safer day. Let the United States show the leadership needed to make certain we move toward peace in the Middle East. But never should we turn our back on the fact that poor Israeli citizens have been victimized by the same type of careless terrorism and violence we saw on September 11 in this Nation.  I sincerely hope the leadership will come forward to make this happen. We believe today as we have from the moment the nation of Israel came into existence that the Jewish people have a right to a homeland, that Israel and its people have a right to be safe and secure, that Israel and the United States are bound together in a commitment to democracy, freedom, tolerance, and peace. I hope this amendment and this debate will move toward negotiations and lasting peace.  