The point I am making at this juncture is that collective bargaining rights make a difference. It is not a question about how bright the light is over the coffee pot for the employees taking their break and what color uniforms they are wearing. That is, I am afraid, a ridiculous extreme when we look at collective bargaining rights. It is the right of an individual employee at our Border Patrol to be able to stand before a committee of Congress and say: I don't care what my boss is telling you; I don't care what they are saying in their press release; they are not doing the job to protect America.  For these Border Patrol agents to stand up and tell us the truth under oath before a committee of Congress should not be grounds for termination. But they were. Thank goodness they had collective bargaining rights and their jobs were restored. I don't believe being a member of a labor union automatically qualifies you to be ready to fight for our Nation's security and be involved in intelligence gathering, but it certainly does not disqualify you. There are good, loyal, patriotic Americans who have collective bargaining rights.  Make no mistake, the bill reported to the Senate gives this President the authority, which he needs; if any individual employee, because of their new job assignments or because of the sensitivity of their assignments, needs to be removed from a bargaining unit, there is a way to do it, a legitimate, honest way. That is the point we are debating. To suggest that that has something to do with love of America and patriotism--I don't see it.  What we have before us and what concerns the Senator from Texas is, we have a bipartisan group that has come together and said: We have come up with a compromise. Let's deal with it.  As Senator Bumpers of Arkansas used to say: The Senator from Texas hates this bipartisan compromise like the devil hates holy water. He is afraid if we bring this to the floor and get a vote supporting the bipartisan position, all of his arguments and the President's arguments are weakened and disappear. That is what concerns him about this process and why he is promising 40 Senators who will speak interminably and drag this bill on for another 4 weeks.  If the President needs a Department of Homeland Security--and I believe he does--let's have this up-or-down vote. Let's decide where the will of the Senate is going. Don't be afraid of the will of Senate. Don't be afraid of the will of the people. Don't be afraid to say that collective bargaining does not disqualify people from defending America and from serving their Nation proudly.  Many of the people in these agencies are veterans who have served this Nation with pride and have risked their lives for the flag. To say as they come to a new Department that they somehow have to give up their rights to collective bargaining is unfair.  It has been said that it takes up to a year to fire an employee under civil service. That is a total myth. During their first year, employees can be terminated without notice, and 36 percent of new employees were removed during their probationary period in the year 2001. Any employee can be terminated with 30 days' notice.  Incidentally, in fiscal year 2000, it was said that out of 1.8 million Federal employees, only 6 were fired because they were found incapable of doing their job; and in 2001, only 3 out of 1.8 million were fired. These statistics grossly underestimate the number of Federal employees fired each year. The Republican claim that only three people were fired in 2001 refers to the three employees who were immediately removed for national security reasons only. In fiscal year 2001, 8,920 Federal employees were terminated and removed for disciplinary reasons.  The fact is, under civil service, employees can be removed. The fact is, under the bill that came out of the Governmental Affairs Committee, there is a procedure in national security for the President to make that determination. That is an issue.  I respect the Senator from Texas and the Senator from Georgia for what they are bringing as a substitute measure. Let me tell you this: They are leaving out some very critical elements of the bill brought out of the Governmental Affairs Committee.  After September 11 of last year, I focused on one particular issue that troubled me. I learned in the months leading up to it of the gross inadequacy of the information technology of the agencies of our Government relating to law enforcement and intelligence, the FBI being the classic example of an agency dealing with the most primitive technology.  I have worked for over a year to try to bring modernization of computers and information technology into intelligence gathering and law enforcement. I have spoken to everyone--Attorney General Ashcroft, FBI Director Mueller, the Vice President, as well as the President of the United States--about what I consider to be one of the glaring examples of our inability to deal with terrorism.  As a result, I prepared and offered an amendment which was on the Governmental Affairs bill that came to the floor and is still pending today. This amendment establishes that at theFederal Government level, we will start blending together the computer architecture of different agencies of the Federal Government so that they are not only modern but they are interoperable, so they can communicate with one another, pass information along. If the FBI has a most wanted list or danger list, they can pass that along to the Federal Aviation Administration and the Immigration and Naturalization Service.  I am sorry to report that does not exist today. I worked long and hard on this amendment. It had the support of all of my colleagues on the Governmental Affairs Committee. They believe, as I do, that this is a critical element in the defense of America.  But the substitute amendment being offered by the Senator from Texas doesn't include this provision. They have decided it is unnecessary, or at least they have not addressed it. I sincerely hope they will at least reconsider that if we do bring this forward and this substitute becomes the bill we are going to amend, they could introduce a motion of cloture, for example, raise germaneness questions.  If we don't include it, some element of information technology in a Department of Homeland Security, we are fooling ourselves. We are saying we are creating a new Department that has a brandnew nameplate on the door with 170,000 employees but with computers that are inadequate to the job.  When I spoke to Gov. Tom Ridge about this amendment, he said: I support this. It is a force multiplier. That means it takes the existing resources of our Government and makes them that much more effective in fighting terrorism.  The substitute offered by the Senator from Texas does not include that. That is sad.  Frankly, it may be a political victory for his substitute to prevail, but it will not be a victory in the war against terrorism. We should put the weapons in place, the arsenal we need to protect America on a bipartisan basis, looking not only to employees of the Department but also the resources and technology available in the Department.  It has been made clear on this floor that when it comes to the security of the Nation, there should not be any partisanship whatsoever. We can stand here as Americans and Members of the Senate and debate the provisions of this bill and others, and no one should call into question our patriotism.  There is no reason we should take the roles and lives of 40,000 or 50,000 new employees of this Department and say it is basically going to be impossible for them to serve their Nation and to have their rights as employees respected. We can do both. They have already proven we can do both. To try to eliminate their rights to collective bargaining or to reduce them dramatically to a point where they are meaningless is unfair to the men and women who have served us so well in so many different ways, who are proud to have these collective bargaining rights and be members of labor unions.  Before we adopt this substitute, consider the elements it does not include. One of the elements is the fact that it does not deal with the information technology that is essential to fighting a war on terrorism in the 21st century. Their bill is silent on what I consider to be one of the most important elements of this war and one of the most important weapons we can use to bring it to a successful conclusion.  I yield the floor.  