President, I spent the weekend in my home State of Illinois, from the southern part of the State, the metro east, St. Clair County, Madison County, and the city of Chicago, going from one place to another, and it is interesting to me that people will stop and ask me about our going to war in Iraq.  I have not found a single person who makes any excuses for Saddam Hussein. I will not. He is a man who certainly distinguished himself--if that is the word--in the history of this world: for his aggression, his militarism, his inhumane treatment of his own people and his neighbors.  He is someone who cannot be trusted but must be watched carefully and closely. He is someone who must be monitored at all times for fear he could go too far in his development of weapons and his development of military strategies as a threat to the world. Everyone concedes this. I certainly concede it.  We found what he was all about when he invaded Kuwait. We have watched him closely ever since. The United Nations put restrictions on what he can do in defense of his own nation, limitations on his own military power. One of those limitations prohibits weapons of mass destruction: chemical weapons, biological weapons, and nuclear weapons.  The United Nations started inspecting for those weapons after the Persian Gulf war. Saddam Hussein threw every obstacle he could find in their path. He discouraged them when he could, and ultimately the inspections were withdrawn 4 or 5 years ago. We still do a flyover with our planes to watch everything that happens in his country, not to mention all the other sources of intelligence. We worry about him, as we should.  Having said all those things, and the fact that almost everyone acknowledges them to be true, it is still interesting, as I go around my State--a State which is fairly diverse in terms of its economy, in terms of its culture, in terms of its politics--there is no ground swell for America to invade Iraq and to displace Saddam Hussein from power.  The idea of a land invasion, for what the President calls a ``regime change'' has not brought the people out cheering, as they cheered after September 11 when we said we were going after Osama bin Laden and al-Qaida. Instead, what I hear from the people I speak to in Illinois is that certainly we have to keep an eye on this man, but why should we do it alone? Shouldn't the United States have standing with it a coalition of countries around the world? Why would we do this by ourselves? Isn't it better to invite other nations to be part of it because there is strength in numbers, more clarity of purpose, a sharing of the burden not only of the war but of controlling Iraq after it is defeated?  I can tell you that Thomas Friedman, the foreign Times correspondent for the New York Times, said it best. He said: Our situation in Iraq, if we go it alone, is much the same as the person who walks into the store and sees a sign which says, ``If you break it, you own it.''  If we displace Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq, then, frankly, as those who displaced him, we will have a burden to bring some stability and security to that country. Is it not better for us, in that circumstance, to have other Western civilized democratic nations standing behind us, not only behind the muzzle of the gun pointed at him but standing in league with us to make sure Iraq is peaceful and safe for a long time?  Let me add one other element that comes up time and again. This is a different world since September 11 of last year. We have to measure our foreign policy against its impact on terrorism. There is not a country in the world which would knowingly attack the United States. We have the best military in the world, the best men and women in uniform, the best technology, but we know we are vulnerable, we are vulnerable to terrorism.  If we make that decision to go it alone in Iraq, to do it by ourselves, and say to the rest of the world, we don't care what the opinion of the United Nations is or any other country is, we will go it alone, would that not invite a backlash from parts of the world that are preaching extremism and fundamentalism? Wouldn't that, unfortunately, sow the seeds of terrorism?  Isn't it far better for us to have a coalition with Arab States, as President Bush's father did in the Persian Gulf, a grand coalition of countries that say Saddam Hussein has to be watched carefully?  When I saw the resolution that President Bush sent us last week, that is not his intension, that is not his design. If you think that trip to the United Nations was an appeal to that body to move forward and do things, it might have been, but, frankly, his resolution he sent to us basically says: Ignore my speech; ignore my visit to the United Nations; ignore the United Nations; give me the authority to do it by myself.  I have no doubt we could win that war, that we could displace Saddam Hussein, but isn't there a better and more cautious and more prudent and more successful strategy we should consider--bringing in the United Nations for real inspections, unconditional inspections, enforced with military force, if they must be, including some troops from the United States, to make sure the inspectors get into the places they need to; and failing that, if Saddam Hussein stops the inspectors, that we issue an ultimatum to him through the United Nations, that if you do not allow unconditional inspections, you can expect there will be a forceful effort by the countries of the world to enforce United Nations resolutions already in place? Isn't that a far better approach than to say, we have a battle plan; we are going to attack; we will send you a note, United Nations, and let you know what happens?  The United Nations should not dictate American policy, but President Bush's father was right. When you can involve a coalition of nations aroundthe world in your effort to bring peace to a region, you have a far greater chance of success, world acceptance, sharing the burden; and, ultimately, the American people would not stand by themselves but stand in concert with those of like mind and like values.  As I return to Illinois, people tell me over and over again: Senator, when you go back, please go to the floor of the Senate and express our feelings that we do need a coalition of force, not just for the principle and value of it but for the military significance of it, not just so we are not standing alone but so we are validated in the eyes of the world that what we are standing for is not just a narrow interest of the United States but in the best interest of a free and peaceful world.  That is what makes sense. That is what we ought to move forward with.  