 I say to my colleague from Pennsylvania and my colleague from Connecticut, I understand the importance of this issue to each of you personally, and to those who are cosponsors, and why you are anxious to raise the flag and at least raise the issue in the closing days and hours of this session.  I find it interesting, in listening to the presentation here, that we have focused on the Finance Committee and tax implications, referrals from the Finance Committee, and their debate, and really have, unfortunately, not addressed what I consider to be the larger issue, an issue which should have been addressed by the Judiciary Committee, an issue which goes to constitutionality and the premise of the separation of church and state in the United States of America--something that many of us find fundamental to the American experience and to our American society.  I do not quarrel with the premise of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I could list, and he could, too, so many faith-based charities in his home State and my home State that have done wonderful work, and continue to do so. They receive Government assistance, and they should. I have supported them. I have found appropriations for them. I will continue to do that. I do not believe that is the issue here.  Frankly, if that were the referendum before us, it would receive a unanimous vote. We all concede charitable and faith-based organizations do exceptional work, and governmental assistance, under the right circumstances, can be of benefit to America as a society.  But the President's initiative that you have brought to the floor suggests the way we have done business in America for decades has to be changed substantially, dramatically. Those changes deserve an airing and full debate.  The Senator from Pennsylvania has been kind enough to acknowledge four amendments prepared by Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island as well as myself to bring to the floor. I would argue, perhaps, that 1 hour of debate for each of these amendments, considering the gravity and importance, is not nearly adequate.  But I also say this to my colleague from Pennsylvania. Is it not a fact that with the House minutes or hours away from adjournment, and the fact that no conference committee is likely to ever convene on this issue, there is little that can be accomplished in a substantive way on an issue of this importance?  Is it also not a fact that this issue is of such importance to us that we should take time to engage in a debate which, frankly, will give all sides an opportunity to express themselves, to make certain we do not----  