Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr. King was born on January 15, 1929. As a nation, we have celebrated his life and accomplishments every third Monday in January since 1986. However, in my home State of Illinois, we have been celebrating this great man for almost 30 years, since 1973.  Late in 1955, Montgomery, AL, civil rights activist Rosa Parks refused to obey the city's rules mandating segregation on buses. Five days later, Dr. King was elected by his supporters to be president of the Montgomery Improvement Association. As president, he participated in the bus boycott that eventually led to the Supreme Court declaring Montgomery's segregation laws unconstitutional. As Dr. King gained national prominence he was repeatedly attacked for his beliefs and because of the color of his skin. Sadly, violent acts against Americans of different beliefs, ethnic groups, and hues continue to plague our nation today.  Building on the success of the Montgomery boycott movement, Dr. King and other southern African-American ministers founded the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. With his colleagues, Dr. King promoted the goal of voting rights when he spoke at the Lincoln Memorial during the 1957 Prayer Pilgrimage for Freedom.  Dr. King also guided mass demonstrations in Birmingham, AL, with others in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. The protests caught headlines around the world, as clashes between protesters and police turned violent. Despite police dogs and fire hoses, Dr. King persevered, leading to the decision by President Kennedy to submit broad civil rights legislation to Congress, and eventually to the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  Despite becoming Time magazine's Man of the Year in 1964, Dr. King continued to face many challenges to his nonviolent tactics. While attempting to assist a garbage workers' strike in Memphis on April 4, 1968, Dr. King was assassinated. The world changed for many on that day. Many thought that Dr. King's message of tolerance, equality, and love for our fellow men and women would die with his death. It did not. Rather, Dr. King's message and legacy continue to spread.  In the wake of the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon on September 11, many have found it difficult to adhere to Dr. King's message.  As we searched for understanding, many mistook symbols of religious tenets, such as beards and turbans, for symbols of distrust and terror. Arab Americans and Sikh Americans have been harassed, threatened, and assaulted because of the physical and religious similarities they share with the terrorists who took the lives of thousands of Americans four months ago. The passage of a resolution condemning hate crimes against Sikh Americans, which I sponsored and worked to include in the antiterrorism bill, underscores Congress's commitment to prevent any such acts of bigotry and violence.  A Human Rights Watch report revealed that over 1,100 individuals have been detained as part of the Justice Department's terrorism investigation after the September 11 attacks. Scores of detainees are still in custody today, some having been detained for over two months with no explanation to family members or friends. We need to be careful. History has taught us that in times of war, our government has sometimes acted in haste and in error. We can point to incident after incident where the Executive Branch implemented measures that in hindsight went too far and infringed on our civil liberties. Let us make sure that history does not repeat itself as the Justice Department continues its investigation of the terror attacks of September 11.  In celebrating Dr. King's birthday, we continue to learn from his words. I am proud to say our nation is a melting pot of different ethnic groups, and together we form the strongest nation in the world. In his famous ``I Have a Dream'' speech, Dr. King said, ``Let us not wallow in the valley of despair. I say to you today, my friends, that even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the meaning of its creed: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.''  Let us not forget the truths Dr. King taught us. We must join together to celebrate his triumphs, and live out his words, that all men and women, having been created equal, will be treated with equal dignity and respect.  