I also thank him for his dialog with me during the last hour or two concerning my pending second-degree amendment which, as we noted in the Record, relates to modernizing information technology in the Federal Government to protect our Nation against terrorism.  I have discussed this with the Senator from Tennessee, and I know from some experience in this body that there are moments in time when you should try to find a good exit strategy which achieves as closely as possible your goals. I believe the Senator from Tennessee and I have agreed on such a strategy. I would certainly like to see my amendment adopted as part of the Department of Homeland Security legislation. It would be a valuable addition.  The Senator from Tennessee and I have discussed it. He has supported my amendment in committee, and I believe he agrees with it at least in principle. However, we are faced with an extraordinary legislative responsibility to pass this bill literally in the closing hours of this session with very limited opportunities, if any, for amendment, or conference committee, resolving differences with the House.  So what I have agreed to with the Senator from Tennessee is to take a different approach and to be prepared to withdraw the amendment with an understanding and a colloquy between us on the floor relative to the issue. I thank the Senator from Tennessee for agreeing to that.  I believe there is a serious omission in this bill in that it does not address directly the issue of modernizing and coordinating information technology. The amendment which I have suggested, however, adds little more to the existing Federal statutory requirement of the Office of Management and Budget.  In 1996, two colleagues I have served with, former Congressman Bill Clinger of Pennsylvania and former Senator Bill Cohen of Maine, passed the Clinger-Cohen Act related to information technology management reform--1966, 6 years ago. If you read this and what they said in the law and required of the Office of Management and Budget, you reach the inescapable conclusion that this agency already has been tasked with the responsibility of modernizing information technology in the Federal Government. The sad reality is that after the passage of this legislation in 1996, it appears that little has been done, certainly not nearly enough has been done to meet the challenge we currently face since September 11, 2001, in terms of modernizing our computers.  The Director of the Office of Management and Budget is required, under the Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996, to make plans for information technology acquisition. Note that I said 1996. The reason I believe this amendment is necessary is that many years have passed with relatively little progress on improving Federal information systems and their interoperability. I believe that we can't wait any longer. In the name of national security, in the name of homeland security, we must demand that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget take the steps that would have been required by my amendment and by the Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996.  OMB must, in consultation with the Secretary of this new Department, develop a comprehensive enterprise architecture plan for information systems, including communications systems, to achieve interoperability between and among information systems of agencies with responsibility for homeland security, including the agencies inside the new Department and those that are outside of it but key to homeland security, such as the FBI and the CIA.  OMB must develop time lines, realistic and enforceable time lines, that are met to implement this plan. And aparticular person must be designated to be responsible for this effort. There has to be someone in charge of this project beyond Mr. Daniels, who serves as head of the Office of Management and Budget. There needs to be a person who is well skilled and versed in information technology with the authority, the power, and the responsibility of dealing with this issue. This person has to carry out the duties of the Director of OMB.  I also believe OMB must keep Congress informed on the development and implementation of this plan. My amendment would have required a yearly report.  I am fortunate that the people of my home State of Illinois have renewed my contract a week or so ago and given me an opportunity to serve for another 6 years. It will give me an opportunity to stay on top of this issue. I will pursue this issue and others of law and order in this venue, while my colleague from Tennessee pursues them in another venue. But I believe that what we are doing here is to at least serve notice on OMB that under Clinger-Cohen of 1996, they have the power and the responsibility, and with this new Department, they have a new imperative to meet these guidelines, these schedules, these time lines, and to really make significant progress.  We need to do more than just ask for a report. We need action. I will revisit this issue again in the next Congress, if significant progress is not made, but I trust that Mr. Daniels and members of the administration who share my concern about information technology will put their best efforts to work to make certain that it is met.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  