This year's theme was ``Knowledge and Commitment for Action.''  More than 14,000 doctors, activists, and government officials gathered in Barcelona for the largest AIDS conference ever.  At the last conference, hosted in Durban, South Africa, in the year 2000, the concluding plan, by all the nations that assembled, was to take action on the following items: To spread the use of condoms as a means of avoiding infection; to curb mother-to-child transmission of AIDS and HIV; to empower women to choose their relationships and method of contraception freely; and, finally, to educate people about the risks.  The last 2 years have shown that all four of these activities can be done successfully.  Another success achieved in the past 2 years is the focus shift to providing treatment for all. This has been a result of lower drug costs and the realization that people will not get tested unless there is hope of treatment.  The opening session featured the Barcelona Declaration, which called for action on the following goals by the year 2004: Secure a donation of $10 billion per year for Global AIDS--$10 billion--provide 2 million people in the developing world with antiretroviral treatment; third, provide affordable drug treatment in the developed world and universal access to generic brand drugs in the developing world; and fourth, develop a new global partnership between government and nongovernment organizations, recognizing the crucial roles that NGOs play in the fight against AIDS.  The Barcelona conference has brought a great deal of attention to HIV/AIDS. Newspapers daily provide America with devastating facts. UNAIDS warns that the AIDS epidemic is just starting. An estimated 5 million new HIV infections occurred worldwide during 2001. That is about 15,000 infections every single day. More than 95 percent of these occur in developing countries. In 2001, 5 infections each minute occurred in young people age 15 to 24, approximately 6,000 young people in total. Worldwide, 13.4 million children have lost at least 1 parent to AIDS. That number is expected to grow to more than 25 million by the year 2010.  We tend to view AIDS and its growth as a Third World problem. We hear the statistics: 40 million infected people in sub-Saharan Africa; 15 million AIDS orphans or more in sub-Saharan Africa; projections by the World Bank that there will be over 20 million infected people in India alone in the next 5 to 10 years; all of the talk about China and Russia.  Never should we overlook the problem in the United States. AIDS is still a problem; HIV infection is a reality. It is growing particularly among the African-American population in America. It is growing particularly among heterosexuals and among women. This is a problem we have not conquered. In fact, we have not confronted it honestly in the United States for too long a period of time.  UNAIDS has just issued a report on the situation in China. The report is called ``China's Titanic Peril'' because the U.N. agency said, if China doesn't act now, this boat will sink. The Chinese Government estimates 850,000 are infected. The U.N. report indicates the Chinese Government lacks political commitment and thus far has not provided sufficient resources to deal with it. Seventeen percent of the people in China have never heard of the disease. China, India, and Indonesia are on the brink of outbreaks that could dwarf the current epidemic.  AIDS is the leading cause of death in sub-Saharan Africa. More than 28 million Africans are infected with it. HIV/AIDS weakens economic and political stability, national security, and agricultural output, all necessary for continued development.  The cost of AIDS rises each minute that the epidemic grows. Without a drastic change in the global approach to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, it is expected that an additional 45 million people will be living with AIDS by 2010. From the facts reported in the daily newspapers, it is clear that current spending levels are grievously insufficient to address the global epidemic.  In 1993, experts asked the world for $2 billion annually to slow the spread and to save $900 billion in associated costs. Only recently, the level of global spending has climbed to $2.8 billion. Think of that, a 9-year period of time when we did not respond to this epidemic as it spun out of control. This is well below the actual need today of $10 billion every year to fight this epidemic that is circling the globe.  A World Health Organization mathematical model estimates that only $9 billion can be usefully spent per year: $4.8 billion on prevention, $4.2 billion on treatment. This number assumes the medical infrastructures in developing countries will remain at current capacities. Jeffrey Sachs, a well-known development economist based at Columbia University in New York, suggests that investing in infrastructures would raise the yearly cost to about $15 billion.  I have been to some of these countries suffering with AIDS. Many of my colleagues have. You see that the medical infrastructure is virtually primitive. Not only do they not have clinics, they don't have water that is safe to drink. Imagine trying to treat an epidemic under those conditions. An investment in the public health infrastructures of these countries can mean we could put money into stopping and slowing this epidemic.  The United States spends more than $10 billion domestically to fight the disease, but we contribute only $1.1 billion to fight AIDS abroad. A few weeks ago, I brought an amendment to the floor asking that we make a commitment on an emergency basis to put $500 million more into fighting the AIDS epidemic. I am sorry to report my colleagues would not support me on that amendment. It is unfortunate. I believe, sadly, that in years to come we will look back on this as a missed opportunity to do something about an epidemic that will literally affect the lives of all of our children and grandchildren and affect the stability of the world.  What are the contributing causes to the global epidemic? No. 1 is lack of education. Eighty percent of those most at risk receive no information or any help with prevention. Just a few years back, 10 or 12 years ago, 30 percent of the pregnant women in Uganda were HIV positive. That number is now down to 11 percent. Was there a massive infusion of money into Uganda? There was, a selective infusion of money into public education. It worked. They preached ABC, which is very basic: Abstinence, which is the first advice to be given; make certain that if you are going to be sexually active, you are monogamous; and third, make certain you rely on condoms for protection if you don't accept the other two as a premise for your lifestyle. It is very fundamental, but it worked. It dramatically reduced the HIV infection rate among those who were pregnant.  We need programs that are going to change the habits of people. We have to understand poverty creates desperation. There is something we have tounderstand, which the Presiding Officer made a point of in the city of Chicago many years ago after she had returned from a trip to South Asia--I heard her speech; I remember it well--in which she said, the biggest single indicator of the likelihood of progress in a developing nation is the way they treat their women. If women are treated with respect, if they are given a voice in the society, if they can help decide their fate, you will have a more progressive society; you will find a country able to respond to many crises, not just the health crisis.  We in the United States have to understand that though we don't lead the world in foreign aid, per capita, we certainly want to make certain that our investment in foreign aid focuses on improving the role and voice of women in developing countries. Women who are not treated as slaves or chattel can make life decisions that will save their lives, enrich their children's lives, and give them a marital situation with hope instead of despair. That should be part of our approach in dealing with AIDS as well.  This epidemic is going to get worse before it gets better. We have to understand that the United States has, beyond a moral responsibility, a political responsibility in terms of this HIV/AIDS epidemic. There was a time a century ago when the problems around the world were in fact on the other side of the world; they couldn't, frankly, make it to the United States; many of these people who were sick would die on the way. We now know that any problem on the other side of the world is a 10- or 12-hour airplane flight from being our problem.  Let us understand we cannot take the current course that is being suggested by this administration. To give a symbolic amount of money this year to the global AIDS effort is in fact to invite further disaster on the people around the world and on the people of the United States. To go, as the administration has said, along the route that would suggest next year we would make no contribution to the global AIDS fund suggests perhaps that they believe the epidemic is going to wait for us to catch up with it. It won't. Then finally to say that maybe 2 years from now we will put another $300 million in, that kind of halfhearted, weak attempt to meet our moral and political obligation will mean the AIDS epidemic will continue to grow, not just in Africa, not just in Asia, but around the world.  Taking a meaningful, positive step forward in supporting prevention of AIDS research and education is in the best interest of the United States.  I note that major donor organizations such as the Gates Foundation and the Kaiser Foundation and others have made a commitment to this. The United States has to meet and exceed that commitment as well. We have to make certain that the Senate reverses the sad, terrible vote we cast just a few weeks ago, saying that we are not going to put more money on an emergency basis to fight the AIDS epidemic. I hope my colleagues in the Senate, as they reflect on the Barcelona conference and the commitment of thousands of leaders around the world, the HIV/AIDS epidemic, will put pressure on this administration to go beyond the rhetoric, beyond juggling the books, about $500 million over a 3-year period of time, and make a meaningful commitment that will save lives.  I yield the floor.  