If we go to war, lives of Americans will be lost. Innocent people will die. War should be the last decision we make, the last option we take. Thank goodness, we now have movement through the United Nations. I am asking that the President and the White House, now that progress is being made, spend some small portion of their time focusing on the economic issues the Senator from Nevada raises. I have talked about health care security, income security, pension security. I will add a fourth one--Social Security.  We realize the President's tax package of last year is going to take $2 trillion out of the Social Security trust fund over the next 10 years--$2 trillion--with no promise to repay any of it at a time when the baby boomers, by the millions, will start arriving and asking for Social Security. Social Security is our contract with America--our real contract--the one that comes from the heart. We have had it since the days of Franklin Roosevelt. Is it too much to ask this administration to give us an hour a week to focus on Social Security and its future, and Medicare, talk about the reimbursement for health care for senior citizens and hospitals and providers across America? These are real issues. I certainly have hospitals in rural areas and hospitals in the inner city struggling to survive at this point in time.  When you talk about the issues on which we should be focusing, national security is important, and I think it ought to be No. 1 on the agenda; but, for goodness' sake, don't ignore the rest of America and the lives we have to lead and the impact that our failure to act is going to have. That is why I look at 7 weeks before the next election and say to the President and the White House: Give us an hour a week at least to talk about the economy in this country, about the need to breathe life back into this economy.  It is only 2 years ago we were doing so well. We had all of this accumulation of wealth. People saw their retirement plans growing. They were making plans to leave their jobs early and enjoy a comfortable life with their families.  People were seeing their stock portfolios improving to the point where they were considering options. They knew they had money to send their kids to college. Now look what we are up against, and not a word from the White House. One little meeting in Waco, TX, does not make economic policy for America.  Where is this administration? Where is this President? Where is the economic leadership this country needs?  