President.  I want to clarify this amendment because some have followed this issue. I have made a decision this evening to change the amount that I am asking for in this amendment. I want to clarify it for the record so there is no question in the minds of my colleagues as to what this amendment will do.  Currently, in the supplemental appropriations bill there is $100 million for the global AIDS epidemic. It was my original intention to increase that amount to $700 million. But after consulting with Senator Frist and others, I decided that we should come together to try to work together on a bipartisan basis at a lower number to make certain we do everything in our power to have the resources to fight this global AIDS epidemic.  I hoped we could come together and offer a bipartisan amendment with Senator Frist relative to a funding level of $100 million. Unfortunately, we were not able to reach that agreement today. However, in the interest of drawing as many together--Republicans and Democrats--to support this measure, I have reduced the amount which I have requested to $500 million. I believe more is needed, but I am asking for $500 million as part of this supplemental appropriation to deal with the global AIDS epidemic.  I will tell my colleagues that this vote is not only important, but it is not going to be an easy vote. I anticipate procedural motions to be made on the floor which will ultimately require 60 votes to pass this amendment. I hope my colleagues will join and agree with me that it is an emergency amendment; that it deserves emergency status; that it deserves the vote of at least 60 Members of the Senate tonight.  Is there anyone in this Chamber and is there anyone following this debate who can seriously question whether the global AIDS epidemic is an emergency? Clearly, it is.  At the end of 2001, more than 40 million people in the world were living with HIV. Some estimates range from 42 million to 45 million.  But there is another statistic worth reflecting on. It is estimated that 95 percent of the people currently infected in the world today don't know they are infected. Think of that for a moment. Think of the consequences of that in terms of the spread of this deadly disease.  There is a chart which shows a summary of the estimated 40 million infected with HIV/AIDS at end of the year 2001. In North America, 940,000; in the Caribbean, one of the fastest growing areas in the world for the AIDS epidemic, 420,000; 1.4 million in Latin America; 1 million in eastern Europe and central Asia; 1 million in east Asia and the Pacific; 6.1 million in South and Southeast Asia; 470,000 in western Europe; 440,000 in north Africa; then comes sub-Saharan Africa with over 28 million people currently infected with HIV/AIDS.  It is our estimated that there are some 15 million AIDS orphans in sub-Saharan Africa alone. Think of that. Children who have lost one or two parents to the AIDS epidemic--15 million.  In 2001 alone, 5 million people were newly infected with HIV, more than 95 percent of whom live in Third World countries, in the developing world. The majority of these new infections occur in young adults--especially women. Most of them are young people. Many don't know they have it. More than 13 million children are orphaned, and 3 million died. Each day in the world, 8,000 people die from AIDS, and 6,000 from tuberculosis and malaria.  The purpose of this amendment is to start bringing together a clear national sentiment--perhaps global sentiment--to do something significant when it comes to dealing with this AIDS epidemic.  Consider for a moment the Global Fund. There was the suggestion by Kofi Annan and world leaders that we make a special effort to fund programs around the world to deal with AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.  Two years ago, the United States contributed $300 million to this Global Fund. This year we reduced the amount that we contributed to a figure of $200 million.  You have to ask yourself: Why would you reduce the amount you are spending fighting the global AIDS epidemic through the Global Fund? There is no good explanation.  I had before the Appropriations Committee on Foreign Operations, on April 24, a man I respect very much, Secretary of State Colin Powell.  I stated the following:       . . . Mr. Secretary, Senator Specter and I are going to      offer an amendment to the supplemental for $700 million      more----  That was our original amendment----     committed to multilateral and bilateral efforts on AIDS as an      emergency appropriation. I just can't think of money that we      could spend more wisely than to try to stop the pace of this      [global] epidemic.       I think the American people understand this, too. This      isn't a problem in some other part of the world. This is a      problem of our world; a problem that is sadly an airline      flight away from being delivered to the United States every      hour of every day. I hope that we can have the support of the      administration for $700 million.  This was in April of this year, a question I asked of Secretary of State Colin Powell.  Let me read you his reply:       I will pass that on to my colleagues downtown and see what      we can do as it comes through, but I couldn't agree with you      more, sir.  Secretary of State Colin Powell has been a real leader. Sometimes he has not been the most popular person in this administration with some, but he certainly understands the gravity and scope of this crisis. And, as he said, he couldn't agree with me more in terms of funding to fight this epidemic.  We need to show real leadership in this Chamber. We need to step forward and say--not only to America, but to the world--that this is our chance and this is our opportunity.  The global summary of the HIV/AIDS epidemic I have shown you. Let me also show you this chart: About 14,000 new HIV infections every day in the year 2001. As I said, more than 95 percent in developing countries; 2,000 are in children under 15 years of age; about 12,000 are in persons aged 15 to 49 years, of whom almost 50 percent are women, 50 percent are between the ages of 15 and 24.  Two years ago, I made a trip to Africa. I went there to look at other issues. I really was not focused on the global AIDS epidemic. I went there to look at feeding programs and microcredit programs that I am involved with in my committees.  I went to South Africa, Kenya, and Uganda. And I can tell you, in a very brief period of time I realized there is no other issue in Africa than the AIDS epidemic. I saw things and witnessed experiences there I will never forget.  In Kampala, Uganda, there is a clinic known as the TASO clinic. Each day, hundreds of Ugandans come into this clinic who are already infected with HIV, and some are dying from AIDS. These are men and women who understand their time on Earth is limited. They come in for a little help, some basic drugs and medicine, and they go about their lives. We met with them, sat down with them.  One of my colleagues here on the floor a few minutes ago said, it must have been very depressing. It was depressing, yes, to think that so many people's lives would be shortened because of this deadly disease. But at another level, it was inspirational. Here are people who have absolutely nothing on Earth--nothing.  If one of us should hear that we have been diagnosed with a serious disease, there are things we can do, doctors to see, hospitals to visit, research to inquire about, medicines that might give us a chance. None of that is true for most of the victims of HIV and AIDS in Africa and around the world.  I can recall standing there as a choir of infected people in the clinic came together to sing to us a chorus. That is not unusual in Africa. They sing when they greet you; they sing when you leave; they sing all the time. And as they sang the songs that they had written, a young woman stepped forward, who was clearly thin, who did not have much time left, and, in the most angelic voice, sang a song she had written entitled ``Why me?'' I will never forget that--why him? Why her? Why me?  You say to yourself, isn't this a hopeless situation? If they don't have the medicine, if they don't have the medical care, if they don't have the hospitals, what can we do? We cannot provide the Magic Johnson therapy to every infected person in Africa. It would be too expensive. We could not monitor it. But, trust me, there are things we can do and things that help.  Ten years ago, when Uganda realized their problem, 30 percent of the new mothers were found to be infected with HIV--30 percent. They decided, as a government, to do something about it: A public education campaign, condoms, talking to people about the dangers of unprotected sex.  In a matter of 10 years, with this basic effort, they reduced the HIV infection rate among new mothers to 15 percent. That meant that the number of children infected with AIDS and HIV was cut in half by the simplest methods, the most direct methods.  The message I am trying to deliver to my colleagues is this: The money we spend on the global AIDS epidemic will save lives. We know it will. We have made a commitment to this. But the commitment does not meet the scope of the problem. The commitment does not reach to try to catch an epidemic that is galloping away from us. We are taking small steps forward saying, well, we are doing something in the United States, and this epidemic is galloping away from us across the world.  (