President, thank you very much.  I will probably not take the entire 15 minutes.  I do concede the point made by the Senator from Texas that many of us come to this debate with a level of emotion. I am not happy to read in the newspaper that a company such as Stanley Tools has decided, for tax reasons, they are going to forsake their American citizenship and move to Bermuda. I will guarantee you, I will never knowingly buy one of their products again.  I honestly believe the American corporations--proud to be in this country, proud to be part of this country, accepting their obligation to support this country, and paying taxes here--deserve my business before the folks at Stanley who decided it is much more fashionable to wear Bermuda shorts than to wear the red, white, blue.  Let me address three specific elements that came out in debate.  I have read, over the course of my education and my service in Congress, a lot of things relative to rights. I have read a great deal about the rights of individuals and the rights of others.  We all know about the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We have heard about those, and some trace them back to Plato and Aristotle. They go through all the great Renaissance thinkers, and certainly to the Founding Fathers and Mothers of America, who came to these concepts and fought for them.  But I never read about the inalienable, immutable, nontransferable right of a business, wherever it is located, to bid on contracts at the U.S. Department of Defense. That does not exist. That is a creature of law and policy.  We, in the United States, decide who will bid on Government contracts. We establish standards. We establish qualifications. And we establish disqualifications.  Should Saddam Hussein's agent show up at the Pentagon tomorrow and suggest that the Iraqi National Business Corporation wants to start bidding on American defense contracts, you can imagine, we will laugh him out of town. We decide who will bid on our defense contracts, in the name of our national values and our national defense.  What the Senator from Minnesota brings before us is a very basic challenge: If it is not an inalienable right to bid on contracts at the Department of Defense, are we going to offer that right to bid to a company which has forsaken and denounced its American citizenship in order to avoid paying taxes in the United States?  I will go back to the point made earlier by the Senator from Texas. I do not think there is any right to that. And I do not think he can find it.  The second point I would like to make is this: The argument that these poor companies go to Bermuda, the Virgin Islands, Barbados, and the Isle of Man in order to escape American taxes--our critics say it is really a condemnation as to the high tax rates in America. They argue that we should lower our corporate tax rates so they will not even consider going to a tax haven such as Bermuda.  Trust me, no matter how low we bring our corporate taxes, some small country somewhere in the world will have a lower corporate tax rate. We cannot race to the bottom and expect to sustain the civilization we enjoy and the common defense which is funded under this bill if we do not have a tax base in America.  These same people could argue, logically, that we should encourage companies to move overseas to the lowest possible wage rate where people are being paid 5 and 10 cents an hour because it is such a smart business decision. We do not encourage it. We discourage it. We should continue to.  But to argue that somehow we are at fault as a nation because we ask businesses to pay their fair share of sustaining the strength and quality of life in America, I think is ludicrous.  The third point I will make is this: This is a Defense bill. We talk about the Department of Defense, but we all know that within the pages of these bills, particularly this bill, we will find not just words, but we will find the support for the men and women in uniform in America.  Think about what we ask of the men and women in uniform sustained by this Department of Defense appropriations.  We ask these men and women, out of loyalty to America, to be willing to pay with their lives for the privilege to be an American citizen. And each and every one of us is so proud that young men and women come forth willing to do so, willing to give their careers, their lives, to their country.  But think about what those who oppose this amendment are saying: That corporations with so little loyalty to the United States that they are unwilling to pay taxes to this country should somehow be honored with the right to bid on Department of Defense contracts.  I disagree. I disagree. Let me hope that this amendment is adopted. Let me hope that after it is adopted, the next time a major corporation draws its board of directors together and brings in their shifty accountant, who says, ``I just came up with a great idea: We're moving to Bermuda, and we can save taxes, and you all can make more money,'' somebody will say, ``What impact is that going to have on our customer base in America? What impact is that going to have on our business in America? Shouldn't we think twice before we abandon this Nation because we want to save a few bucks on taxes?''  My friends and colleagues in the Senate, I support this amendment by the Senator from Minnesota. I will concede that I come to it with some emotion when I consider these businesses that are moving overseas to avoid paying taxes to our Government. Businesses are moving their operations overseas to avoid hiring men and women in the United States. I do not think we should reward them or applaud them or say it is just an exercise of their freedom. They have the freedom to leave. We should have the freedom in the Senate to tell them that their departure is going to cost them an opportunity to bid on these contracts.  I yield the floor.  