 I am happy to be an original cosponsor of this amendment with Senators Leahy and Daschle. The Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act is a long title, but what it basically seeks to do is to address what most Americans view as one of the most dangerous developments in our Nation's economy in the last several years, if not longer.  When you ask the average American what they think of all this corporate corruption, all of the disclosures about corporations that have literally lied to the public, to their shareholders, to their employees, and to pensioners, people across America say it does not give them much hope for recovery for our economy. It does not give them much confidence in terms of investing in the stock market. And it makes them feel very sad and worried about their own pension and retirement.  We were proud to announce several years ago that almost half of Americans owned stock. We had developed to that point where the average person thought owning stock was a normal thing to do.  I grew up in a family with a mother and father who never once purchased a share of stock until my mother in her later years decided ``to gamble,'' as she called it. But it was unthinkable in their working years to buy stock. They were working people. They worked for a railroad. Workers didn't buy stock.  That has changed. More and more people across America buy mutual funds and stocks, 401(k)s, retirement plans. And why wouldn't they? Look at what happened over the last 10 years. If you were smart enough to buy yourself a dart board and put the Wall Street Journal up on it and throw the dart, just about any stock you hit was going to give you more money.  People came to realize that. They bought their mutual funds and stocks and sat back and relaxed and said: This is easy. I will be able to retire a lot sooner than I ever dreamed, and we have more financial security in our family than ever before.  Boy, have things changed in the last 2 or 3 years. We have seen a recession, the economy slow down, and then we watch as day after painful day reports come of the Dow Jones and the Nasdaq, all the rest of them, hitting new lows every single day.  It has to do with the state of the economy, the recession, but it has to do as much with consumer confidence, the belief that you just can't trust the corporate big boys.  There are too many instances where they decided to cash in with big stock options and walk away with millions--sometimes hundreds of millions--of dollars and leave a floundering corporation. They call it ``restatement.'' When I went to grade school, if I tried to tell the nuns I wanted to restate something I had said, I never got by with it. I got slapped on the back of the hand with a ruler. They knew it was an admission that you lied, misrepresented something. Now that is commonplace when you deal with corporations across America. Every week, there is some new disclosure.  Senator Leahy, Senator Daschle, and I sat down to say we have to get to the heart of this issue and try to resolve it, in terms of making certain there are penalties in place for those who are deceitful, misleading, lying to the American people about the status of corporations. From Wall Street to Main Street, confidence has been shaken. It started off with Enron, the poster child of runaway corporate greed. Isn't it curious that today, as we debate corporate corruption, and isn't it an oddity that there is an actress in Hollywood who is facing possible jail time for shoplifting and she is facing more time in jail than any officer of the Enron Corporation? What is wrong with this picture? Somebody who shoplifts might go to jail, but not the first person has been indicted at Enron, the seventh largest corporation in America, which goes bankrupt.  We had a series of hearings, and everybody on Capitol Hill was wringing their hands and calling in the cameras, saying we have to do something about it. Yet the Department of Justice has yet to indict the first person at Enron.  So what we are saying with this amendment is that we want to establish standards and practices so that those who violate the law, who are guilty of corporate corruption, will pay a price for it, not just a fine that may be ignored or paid off by the corporation but more.  In our criminal code, we establish mandatory minimum sentences for people who are caught with a thimbleful of cocaine. We will put them in jail, and we won't give the judge any flexibility. They go to jail for x number of years, no ifs, ands, or buts. But if a person is engaged in ripping off stockholders of a major corporation, lying about their books, causing tens of thousands of people to lose their jobs, jeopardizing the retirement plans of millions of Americans, then, frankly, we say to them that yours is going to be a much easier punishment.  What is wrong with this picture? Where are the scales of justice? We should have known, when you have executives and board members who stand to gain millions of dollars from acting on insider information in the corporations they serve, that many would be tempted to do exactly that--especially when they knew there weren't any cops on the beat to keep an eye on them--no auditors, accountants, or government agencies.  In the Gingrich revolution that occurred a few years ago, we passed something called the ``Contract on America.'' One of its provisions said, we are going to take away the power of individuals to sue corporations when there has been securities fraud. The argument was made that there were too many litigious people and greedy lawyers who were meddling in the corporate business and that we had to really close the door to that opportunity. Well, that law was enacted. I voted against it because it took away one more safeguard, one more protection for the public.  Isn't it coincidental that now we stand here and talk about the disintegration of corporate confidence? There were fewer people watching then, and some of these corporate leaders were reaching into the cookie jar and pulling out with both hands. It happened over and over again. We should have known that when you condition the salary of executives on potential gains from how the company's stock prices will rise--known as options--that would be a temptation to raise the stock prices artificially, especially when those on the inside knew that, as the prices would fall, they would already have their money.  We should have known that when you have auditors and accountants shifting numbers to come up with the right set of bottom-line figures they need to produce for Wall Street, they would be tempted to do that even when the audited numbers didn't add up. We should have known that when you have the smartest lawyers and bankers in the country scheming all night to come upwith borderline legal ways to avoid paying taxes through a maze of fictitious straw companies, they would be tempted to do just that, especially when they knew Congress wrote the laws with plenty of loopholes for which their lobbyists paid.  We stand in the Senate and reflect upon the sad state of business in America, and we have to wonder who is really at fault.  Let me add that the vast majority of business leaders in America are honest, hard-working people who have taken a risk in our free enterprise system to produce goods and services of value to our country and to the world, to create jobs and wealth. They deserve our admiration and respect. But, clearly, day after day, week after week, month after month, we read on the front pages of our major newspapers about the exceptions to what I just said.  Is it the executives who are responsible as the bad actors, or their accountants, their auditors, their bankers? The answer is all of the above. Every one of these must face up to their responsibilities.  In due course, I hope we will enact stricter rules for these corporate players. But we have to accept our responsibility; Government and Congress has a responsibility.  I salute Senator Sarbanes of Maryland for what he has done with Senator Enzi in bringing this bill to the floor. There is an effort to divide up this bill in the hopes of changing a statute of limitations.  Why is a statute of limitations of importance in this debate? It really defines the reach of the law. If you tell me there is a statute of limitations that limits the liability of these corporate bad actors, I can tell you some people are going to get off the hook. The Leahy amendment to Senator Sarbanes' bill broadens the statute of limitations so that more wrongdoers will be held accountable; those who have lied, cheated, and stolen will be held accountable.  The opponents of this approach are now suggesting we need to shorten the statute of limitations, limit the inquiry and investigation of the Government, and limit the liability of the bad actors. This is an answer to the prayers of many corporate big wigs who have ripped off their stockholders, employees, and pensioners across America.  This suggestion that we would lessen and shorten the statute of limitations is what they want to hear. Some will now be able to retire to their mansions, and they will be able to live in the lap of luxury with the hundreds of millions of dollars they have taken from these corporations and never be called to answer for their violations of the law. That is what happens when you shorten a statute of limitations. It is an answer to the prayer of the corporate big wigs' defense attorneys. Why in the world would we be doing that?  Why do we want to insulate from liability the very people who are guilty of wrongdoing? Why would we not support Senator Leahy's amendment to say that those who have violated the public trust, those who have lied, misled, and been deceitful should be held accountable both on a criminal and civil standard?  So I certainly hope that at the end of this debate the Senate, on a bipartisan basis, will stand by Senator Sarbanes and his bill. I also hope that when it is all said and done, the underlying amendment I have offered with Senator Leahy and Senator Daschle will be accepted.  Let me tell you what the amendment does, in brief. It punishes corporate criminals and creates a 10-year securities fraud felony for any ``scheme or artifice'' to defraud shareholders, and directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to raise penalties in obstruction of justice cases.  Two, it preserves evidence of fraud, establishes a new felony for destroying evidence when records are under subpoena. It requires key financial audit documents to be retained for 5 years, and it creates a new 5-year felony for intentional destruction of documents.  Do you know what happened? As soon as Enron got in trouble, they called some of their buddies at Arthur Andersen, and the next thing you know, the documents are being shredded, evidence is disappearing. This underlying amendment, the Leahy-Daschle-Durbin amendment, addresses that specifically.  The third thing is that it protects victims. It creates protections for corporate whistleblowers. We need them. If insiders don't come forward, many times you don't know what is happening in large corporations. It lengthens the statute of limitations to 5 years from the date of fraud and 2 years from the date of discovery for victims to bring claims against the corporations. It prevents securities laws violators from using bankruptcy to shield debts based on fraud judgments.  What they are trying to do--I see Senator Leahy in the Chamber; he is the major sponsor of this amendment--is to gut the provision that extends the statute of limitations and say that these people will not have to be held accountable for their wrongdoing.  I urge my colleagues in the Senate to resist this effort. We have to hold these corporate wrongdoers accountable. We should not be party to any kind of effort to reduce their liability; otherwise, what message are we sending? Mandatory minimum sentences for a thimbleful of cocaine, but allowing those guilty of corporate wrongdoing to get off the hook. What is wrong with this picture of justice?  I urge my colleagues to resist the change in the statute of limitations, and I yield the floor.  