A few of these charts really tell the story. If we take a look at the economic record over the last year and a half, we see some rather dramatic things have occurred. When President Bush took office in January 2001, 648,000 Americans were listed as ``long-term unemployed.'' That is more than just a temporary loss of a job. These are people who have been unemployed for more than 26 weeks.  By August of this year, that number had more than doubled to 1.4 million Americans facing long-term unemployment. In fact, if we compare the record of the Bush administration on private sector jobs, it is a dramatic indication of the failure of our economic policy.  This chart starts with President Eisenhower, goes through every single President, all the way to President George W. Bush. Without exception, every one of these Presidents saw an increase in private sector jobs during their administration. The largest increases came under President Johnson, then President Carter and President Clinton. There is only one President who has seen a decline in the number of private sector jobs in their administration, and that is the current President, George W. Bush.  So fewer jobs are being created, and there is higher unemployment. Traditionally, the Senate has not wasted any time in reacting. Take a look at what happened in the second worst record of the last 50 years--under President Bush's father--when they had a job increase of only four-tenths of 1 percent. When they faced high unemployment under President Bush's father, the Senate went to great lengths to pass extensions of unemployment benefits, realizing there were hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, of Americans out of work. Look at how quickly Congress responded, not only once but five times, to increase and extend unemployment benefits.  Then look at the votes in the Senate. There is not a single vote with fewer than 66 Senators supporting it. In some cases, as many as 94 Senators supported it. So there has been strong bipartisan support.  I cannot understand this, but why is this administration resisting the effort of providing unemployment compensation to Americans who have lost their jobs? The President's economic policy has failed. It has created an economy which is sluggish. Take a look at the stock market on a day-to-day basis and tell me there is any indication of hope on the horizon.  This morning, I met with representatives of major businesses. I went around the table and asked: What do you think the future holds? And not a single one of them is optimistic beyond the range of a year or two from now. So more and more people will face unemployment.  Why, then, should unemployment insurance become this political football? The Democratic side is insisting we extend unemployment insurance, to make certain that people have some more money to live on in the hopes that they can find another job or at least keep their families together during some of the most perilous times.  In the State of Illinois, we announced an unemployment rate in the month of August that put us fifth in the Nation for the highest unemployment rate. We frankly have a situation now where across this country many people are losing their jobs and, frankly, have nowhere to turn. The August 2002 unemployment rate of 5.7 percent nationwide is more than 18 percent higher than it was the year before.  So under the Bush administration, the value of people's savings has declined because of the stock market crashing. We have seen people's pension plans decimated and their plans for their actual activity changed because they have had to decide to go back to work.  I heard a report recently where one investment counselor said: I never dreamed there would come a day when I had to call a retired person and say I am sorry, I have taken a look at your portfolio, and you are not going to make it. You have to go back to work. But this person said they had to do it. That is a reality. That is what is facing people.  So there is a rush on for these jobs and for a lot of people who have lost their pension savings. Now, there is a situation where people who are unemployed have nowhere to turn. They have run out of unemployment insurance benefits.  This morning, the minority whip, Senator Nickles from Oklahoma, said the Senate Republicans would certainly consider unemployment insurance extensions.  