The project there is known as the Phoenix Project, and those familiar with mythology know that the Phoenix is the great bird that rose from the ashes and flew again. Well, the spirit of America was flying again this morning at the Pentagon as we looked at a restored building--more importantly, a restored spirit.  The President, the Secretary of Defense, and others spoke. We all gathered--thousands of us--to pay tribute to those who lost their lives on September 11 there, as well as the victims in Pennsylvania and in New York.  As our buses came back, there were a number of people gathered in Washington on The Mall. Many of them were--in their own way, with their families and friends--commemorating September 11. As I passed, I saw one man standing there with a handwritten sign that said ``United in Memory.'' I thought that really captures what we are doing today. We have stood united since September 11, but today we reflect. We are united in memory. We grieve for the victims. We mourn those who died.  But we also stand in praise of those heroes of September 11. Each one of us carries certain images in our minds of where we were when we heard it, what we did. For most of us, the first calls were to our families, and maybe it was indeed proper that we would turn to those we love the most to make certain they were safe.  I still remember images of that day, and the days following, just as real as the moment when I experienced it. One was a photograph from the New York Times, which showed a New York firefighter racing up the stairs, as you saw a long line of people racing down the stairs of the World Trade Center. A young, handsome face--probably a man with a family himself, thrusting himself into the jaws of that disaster in the hope that he could save someone's life.  Many like him--firefighters, policemen, first responders, medics, and others--gave their lives on September 11. They got up that morning and put their badges and uniforms on and probably never thought twice about whether they would return to their families. Sadly, many never did. They are truly American heroes.  I can recall a few weeks later being out on Lake Michigan, near Chicago, in a Coast Guard vessel with the young men who were keeping 12-hour shifts, patrolling the shores to keep them safe, checking every vessel that came on the Great Lakes. Most people in Chicago didn't even know they were there. But they were--every single day.  I can remember, as well, the Capitol Police just outside this door and around this complex, who worked 12-hour shifts day after day, week after week, to protect us, to protect the visitors, to protect the staff, to protect this great building after September 11. They are truly American heroes.  In January, as part of the first congressional delegation to visit Afghanistan in the daylight hours, we went to Bagram Air Force Base. It was an old Soviet base, and we were using it as part of our efforts to liberate Afghanistan from the Taliban.  To sit down with those young men and women in uniform who had missed Christmas with their families, did not know how long they were going to be there, and just to talk with them and eat with them and share some stories about home, and to have one young man come up to me and say: Senator, I am from Illinois. Can I ask you a favor? When I come back after this, could you give me a helping hand?  I said: Sure, what is it?  He said: I would like to become an American citizen.  I said: Wait a minute, you're a soldier here.  He said: Yes, I am. I was born in Panama, and I am not an American citizen. Will you help me become an American citizen?  I said: You got it, buddy; whatever you want, I will be there.  I also remember another incident in the middle of December. I flew into O'Hare, and I went down to get in the line for a taxicab. I drew a taxicab, and the driver was wearing a black turban and a beard. As we started to move along, I said: Excuse me, sir, would you happen to be a member of the Sikh religion?  He said: Yes, I am.  I remember I had been visited by Muslims, Sikhs, and others worried about people who would discriminate against them, and I knew a little bit about some of the terrible things that happened to them--they were isolated, but that did happen.  I said to the taxicab driver: How have things been for you over the last several months, wearing your turban, trying to be a regular taxicab driver?  He said: Most people couldn't be nicer. There were bad ones, too. Some cussed me out; some wouldn't get in my cab. They think I am a terrorist, too.  He said most people could not be nicer. He said: I have been in the United States for 33 years. I wish they would get in my cab because I would like to show them something.  I said: What is that?  He reached over and pulled down the visor, and there was a photograph of a young man in a U.S. Army uniform.  He said: I want to show them a picture of my son Michael.  I said: Michael is in the Army?  He said: Oh, yes; he was in Kosovo.  I said: Where is he now?  He said: He is with the Special Forces in Afghanistan, and I haven't heard from him in 6 weeks.  I thought to myself: Boy, does that tell the American story. Here we have a man who some, with little education or learning, in their ignorance, would say is an enemy of America. No, that man is a loyal American who was offering his greatest treasure on Earth, his son, to our Nation to serve and who was in harm's way at that very moment.  Just a few weeks ago, four widows from the World Trade Center came to see me. They want a public investigation of what happened leading up to September 11. I completely support them. I think it is now overdue. We should do it.  They talked about their experiences with their families. They told their stories over and over in all the Senate offices. Some of them carried around their necks photographs of husbands and families.  I remember one saying: I am lucky. My three friends here do not have any evidence of their husbands they lost, but I was a lucky one because they found a hand, and on that hand was my husband's wedding ring which I now have on my hand. That is all that survived.  She was grateful for that one memento of his life and how much it meant to her, and what a reminder it is to all of us of the true grief and loss that so many families have endured.  I suppose the lesson from September 11 should be clear: Let all those around the world who would attack the United States know that they will pay a heavy price. We approve of that. But also let everyone around the world know that we are not an aggressive, angry people. We are a caring and compassionate nation, and if others will reach out with a hand of peace, we will extend ours as well, no matter where you are from, no matter what your religion or ethnic or cultural background. Osama bin Laden and al-Qaida did not understand that, but we in America understand it well.  When I reach back in history for words that bring inspiration, I so often turn to one of our favorite sons, Abraham Lincoln from Illinois, and his second inaugural address right outside this building in which he said:       With malice toward none; with charity for all; with      firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let      us strive on to finish the work we are in; to bind up the      nation's wounds; to care for him who shall have borne the      battle, and for his widow, and his orphan--to do all which      may achieve and cherish a just, and a lasting peace, among      ourselves, and with all nations.  Lincoln said those words as we came to the close of the most devastating war in our history. He reached out to try to find common ground, even with the enemy, to bind this Nation. So, too, should we reach out in this world to tell the story of America, to help build a more peaceful world, a world where our children and grandchildren never have to fear another September 11.  After September 11, we were not just united in anger, not just united in sympathy. We were united in memory and united in hope--hope for a world of peace, hope that our children and children around the world will be spared the horror, the disaster, and the tragedy of September 11.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  