President, today I reflect on the life of a friend and reflect on a political life. Politics is a fateful calling. The voters can end a political life in a few hours on any Tuesday. Promising public careers can be terminated abruptly. But like life itself, political life should be measured by its quality rather than its quantity. By that measure, Paul Wellstone, a man small in stature, became a giant in this Senate.  This is not my desk in the Senate. My desk is the one directly in front of the desk where we honor the memory of Paul Wellstone. So many times I had to leave my desk because when Senator Paul Wellstone got wound up on an issue of great importance to him, you had better clear out. He had this famous desk with the long microphone cord, and he would roam all over this area, speaking with passion and commitment. I wanted to stand back a few steps to witness it because it was truly historic when he took to the Senate floor.  I do not think there were any routine Wellstone speeches. With all credit to his staff, I am sure he embellished them in the certain qualities that even the best staff person could not add. There was no routine nature about Paul Wellstone in politics.  I remember when he first ran. People kind of laughed about the idea. This professor from a small college in Minnesota is going to run against an incumbent Senator?  We all know what that was about. This had to be a class project. He was going to go out and make his stand, make his speeches, and probably lose by an embarrassing margin. But then they started getting reports back from that early campaigning. This now famous green schoolbus, which I had a chance to see when I was in Minneapolis for the tribute to Paul Wellstone, had a platform on the back where he would stand like Harry Truman and make his speeches.  I remember his television commercial which they replayed during tributes after he died in the plane crash. He said: You will have to listen very closely because I don't have much time. I don't have much money and I have to tell you everything. This is my home; this is where I work.  It was a classic presentation of what he was all about in just a few seconds.  At the end of the campaign after he won and surprised everyone, there is a photo of Paul, Sheila, and Marcia when Paul agreed to finally retire the pair of shoes he wore throughout the campaign. What a sorry pair of shoes. He was no slave to fashion, to say the least.  In his campaign in the Senate, I can recall he was admonished by a colleague to go home and change his shirt because it did not look like a Senator's shirt. He did not think of those things. Those things were so inconsequential to his view.  He thought about the important things, the really important things. He reminded us time and again of how those things are overlooked. You draw together 100 Senators across the United States, you put the national political agenda in front of us, and Paul Wellstone found it hard to believe that we could miss so many important things.  Sheila was the same way. His wife Sheila, the unpaid Senator to Minnesota at his side, worked on issues such as domestic abuse, inviting all of us to come to an art center she had regularly to highlight what victims were expressing through their art in terms of domestic abuse.  We used to talk about Paul Wellstone's amendments on the floor. They were great amendments. Some of them did not get a great number of votes. We used to speak in the caucus about the so-called Wellstone amendments. We used to have competition to make sure that he got enough votes so it was not called a Wellstone amendment. And he said, I win some of these amendments. And he did. Without fail, every one of the amendments challenged every one of us to look at the national agenda and look at America from a different perspective.  We get caught up in the life of public service and forget the people that Paul Wellstone never forgot. I think back to some of them. Paul Wellstone did not make any bones about the fact that he opposed the Vietnam war. During the 1960s, when many of us were in college and that was a dominant issue of the time, he was opposed to that war. But you would find, as I did in his tribute in Minneapolis, the veterans groups coming out in large numbers to pay tribute to Paul Wellstone. There was no separation between them. Paul Wellstone opposed the war, but he did not oppose the warriors who came home. He became their champion in the Senate.  When people would bring up his own military record, or lack of it, or his own position on Vietnam, he would always be able to rally the veterans of Minnesota who would say, we are for Paul Wellstone because he fought for us to make sure we were not forgotten when we came home. That is the kind of person he was.  I think of the debate on education in the Senate, the no child left behind bandwagon. I was on it. What a big bandwagon it was. It was the President, the leaders, the Democrats and the Republicans in the House and Senate, liberal and conservative alike. We would all be for no child left behind. But not Paul Wellstone. Paul Wellstone was the one voice saying, wait a minute, we may be going too far here. High-stakes testing for kids can destroy their lives in the future. Are we moving too fast without thinking about the children and what it could be doing to their lives? Again and again, Paul Wellstone forced us all to slow down even as we were involved in some political movement that seemed to have great force behind us, to stop and think about the actual people affected, the children, the teachers, the families.  He was first and foremost a teacher himself, at Carlton College and in the Senate. Time and again, he taught us. He never taught us better than the lesson on mental health parity. Paul Wellstone realized that our treatment of mental health in the United States of America in the 21st century is shameful. It is disgraceful. He told us over and over that we treat people with mental illness as if they are sufferingfrom some curse rather than some illness. He begged us time and again to treat fairly people who suffer from mental illness.  I join with everyone here today, all the Members of the Senate who have given speeches and nice comments about Paul Wellstone, all the members of our government, from the President on down, who said what a great man he was and great values he brought to public life. Members can prove it by passing this Wellstone-Domenici bill for mental health parity and do it on an expedited schedule. Paul Wellstone, if he were here today, would say: Forget the speeches, forget the flowers; pass the bill, help some people. That is what government is supposed to be about. That is a challenge to us.  We ought to mark our calendar today. Here we are, November 12, thinking about the challenges this country is going to face. Instead, step back and say: Where will we be 2 or 3 months from now dealing with mental health parity? Will we have done enough? Paul Wellstone led that fight in a way that was classic Wellstone.  In the debate he would know, many times, that the forces were against him, that he did not stand a chance. He would stand here with such passion and commitment and make these speeches, hour after hour, if necessary, always respectful of his opposition, always on the Senate floor, even for those who saw the world in completely different terms, but always committed to what he was fighting for.  They tell us the politics of Paul Wellstone are now out of fashion. I don't believe that for a second. You ought to know that since Paul Wellstone passed away, many in the Senate have been trading phone calls late at night in their homes talking about not only Paul and the great loss of Sheila and Marcia and the three campaign workers and the two pilots, but reflecting on ourselves and why we are here. Paul would like that. Paul would like that his passing would cause us all to think a little bit harder about who will carry on his fight.  I have heard a lot of us in these conversations, my colleagues and myself, talking about what we need to do to make sure that voice is not silenced in the Senate, to make certain that Paul Wellstone's passion and commitment live on. That is the greatest tribute of all.  For 6 years, I served in the Senate with Paul Wellstone. For 2 years, he was over my shoulder at this Senate desk.  For every Member of the Senate, Paul Wellstone will always be over our shoulder keeping an eye on what we do, listening to our speeches, asking us in real human terms whether we are forgetting someone in the process.  The victims who cannot afford lobbyists in Washington, DC, the poor and dispossessed who may not even have the will to vote, let alone to participate in this process, the people without the resources to be heard, who is going to speak for them? Paul Wellstone did. Those who stand in tribute to his memory should make certain that voice is never silenced.  I yield the floor.  