President, today the Senate will pass by voice vote an amendment to the energy bill that would establish a Conserve by Bike Pilot Program in the Department of Transportation, as well as fund a research initiative on the potential energy savings of replacing car trips with bike trips. This program would fund up to 10 projects throughout the country, using education and marketing to convert car trips to bike trips. The research would document the energy conservation, air quality improvement, and public health benefits caused by increased bike trips. The goal is to conserve energy resources used in the transportation sector by turning some of our gas guzzling miles into bike rides.  There is no single solution for our nation's energy challenges. Every possible approach must be considered in order to solve our energy problems.  It would be unrealistic to expect most Americans to make a substantial increase in the number of trips they make by bicycle. But even a small percentage of bike trips replacing our shorter car trips could make a significant difference in oil and gas consumption.  Right now, less than one trip in one hundred--.88 percent--is by bicycle. If we can raise our level of cycling just a tiny bit: to one and a half trips per hundred, which is less than a bike trip every two weeks for the average person, we would save over 462 million gallons of gasoline in a year, worth over $721 million. That's one day a year we won't need to import any foreign oil.  In addition to conserving our energy, an increased number of bike trips can improve our air quality. Significant declines in vehicle emissions would follow from increased bike trips. A study in New York City showed that bicycling spares the city almost 6,000 tons of carbon monoxide each year. A reduced number of trips made by cars would increase this number and help to clean our nation's air.  The Federal Highway Administration estimates that 60 percent of all automobile trips are under five miles in length. And these short trips typically emit more pollutants because cars during these trips run on cold engines. Engines running cold produce five times the carbon monoxide and twice the hydrocarbon emissions per mile as engines running hot. These cold engine trips could most easily be replaced by bike rides.  Americans would experience additional advantages from increased bike usage. The decreased number of cars on our nation's highways would help reduce traffic and parking congestion. Congestion costs have reached as much as $100 billion annually according to the Federal Highway Administration. A reduction in cars on the roads will decrease the high costs associated with congestion.  The ``Conserve by Bike'' amendment will also improve public health. The exercise from more frequent bike trips would help improve our physical well-being. Biking has proven to be effective in the prevention of heart disease, our nation's number one killer. And, biking also has been shown to help individuals who are trying to give up health-impairing behaviors such as smoking and alcohol abuse.  The ``Conserve by Bike'' amendment will help America take a simple but meaningful step in energy conservation. It will help fund up to 10 pilot projects that will use education and marketing to facilitate the conversion of car trips to bike trips, and document the energy savings from these trips. These projects will facilitate partnerships among those in the transportation, energy, environment, public health, education, and law enforcement sectors. There is a requirement for a local match in funding, so that these projects can continue after the Federal resources are exhausted. In addition, this amendment will fund a research initiative with the National Academy of Sciences to examine the feasibility and benefits of converting bike trips to car trips.  It is imperative that Americans are fully informed of the entire range of benefits from biking in terms of energy conservation, air quality, and public health. We also need to provide the best resources in bike safety and convenience.  We have been spending a modest amount of Federal, State and local funds on bicycle facilities since 1991. This amendment will leverage those investments and help people take advantage of the energy conservation choices they have in getting around their communities. I am pleased that this amendment will be accepted by the Senate as part of the energy bill that Senators Daschle and Bingaman have brought to the floor.  