 Mr. President, the amendment before us, offered by the Senator from West Virginia, is one of critical importance across the Nation. In Illinois, we have cities large and small, hospitals large and small; but we have health care needs that are universal. Whether you live in small town America or in the middle of Chicago, there is genuine concern about health care and its cost.  Now, one of the groups of Americans that we have made a special effort to try to help are those who are in low-income situations. The Medicaid Program is an effort by our country to say that no matter how poor you might be, whatever your economic circumstances, we will not let you go without basic medical care. That has been a commitment in place for almost 50 years, and it is one that I think we honor as Members of the Senate, both Democrats and Republicans.  What the Senator from West Virginia challenges us to face is the fact that the amount of money we are sending to the States to meet that obligation is not enough. It is not enough for several reasons. The state of the economy is so poor, with unemployment, with businesses in trouble, with people not receiving health insurance at their place of employment. They turn in desperation to this Medicaid Program. I think you will find that a substantial portion of those who turn to it are children--the children of a working mother, thechildren who otherwise might not receive the most basic medical care. So the demand for services is increasing because of the sad state of our economy.  The Senator from West Virginia knows that. He comes before the Senate and says: If you are going to talk about health care in America, for goodness' sake, be sensitive to the fact that there are more and more people in desperate need. If the commitment of our Federal Government to Medicaid is to be honored, certainly we must pay close attention to the amendment.  Second, he raises a serious element, which is the fact that the cost of this medical care is increasing. Ironically, one of the elements that drives up cost is the cost of prescription drugs under the Medicaid Program--under virtually every health care program. So in the State of Illinois, in West Virginia, in North Carolina, and in California, when you try to keep some young person, for example, healthy so they don't have to be hospitalized, under Medicaid the cost of prescription drugs to do it keeps increasing.  On a national average, the cost of prescription drugs went up 17 to 18 percent last year. So is it little wonder that, as we look at this program, it is suffering because not only are there more demands but the costs have gone up? Senator Rockefeller appropriately says to us, for goodness' sake, you cannot ignore these realities. If you don't provide additional resources for Medicaid, fewer people will be served and we will literally threaten the quality of health care to millions of Americans.  This bill sounds so simple--and it is--because it asks the Senate to keep its word. If you are committed to the families of America, rich and poor, that they will not be left without quality health care, are you willing to vote for it?  It amazes me. As the Senator comes to the floor, you would expect opponents of this legislation to be gathered and make the arguments they are going to make. Yet you could shoot a cannon across this floor and not hit an opponent. No one is here. I don't know if this is an effort or a conspiracy of silence to not come and say anything and then pray that the amendment doesn't come to a vote. Some colleagues live and dread that they may have to vote for this one way or the other.  I am reminded of one of my favorite colleagues from the House of Representatives, the late Mike Synar of Oklahoma, who used to say to me, when a tough vote would come up on the House floor: I know you don't want to cast that tough vote, but if you don't want to fight fires, don't be a firefighter. If you don't want to vote on tough issues, don't run for Congress.  Well, this is a tough call. We are saying to Democrats and Republicans alike: Come to the floor and vote on whether we are going to adequately fund Medicaid and reimburse the States that are struggling with this economy. If you don't believe we should, then vote no. But if you believe we should, as I do, join Senator Rockefeller in this effort.  We all know what the States are going through. There is not a State in the Nation that hasn't faced serious shortfalls in terms of State revenue. My State of Illinois, and virtually every other State, has had to make cuts and changes when, in fact, each and every one of them is paying for them. At the same time, since September 11, all of the States and localities are putting more money into security as we expect them to do. They are providing law enforcement so we have a safe and secure Nation. They are trying to maintain and protect our basic infrastructure of America.  So as the economy is weakening, the demands on State revenue increase and the costs of the Medicaid Program go up, and Senator Rockefeller says it is time for the Federal Government to meet its obligation. What he has proposed that we do is to increase the Medicaid reimbursement in all States by 1.35 percent.  As I stand here and say that, many people listening to this debate will say: How big a difference could that make? The fact is it could make a substantial difference. It could provide our States up to $6 billion over the next 18 months; $6 billion right into the Medicaid system, making certain that people receive basic health care.  It also says States with a lower FMAP this year than last year will be held harmless. States do not lose money under this proposal. It says States will also receive, if I understand correctly, $3 billion in fiscal relief grants for a variety of social service programs which are now suffering.  The Urban Institute estimates that Medicaid enrollment can be expected to increase because of our weak economy by approximately 800,000 adults, 2 million children, and 260,000 people with disabilities, if the unemployment rate rises from 4.5 percent to 6.5 percent. With that, of course, are the demands for more Federal money and more State money.  I applaud my colleague from West Virginia. We have worked on this before. We tried to bring this to the floor several different times. This is the moment. If we are talking about health care costs, whether it is the cost of prescription drugs, the availability of generic drugs, as we address each of these issues, let's not overlook the basics.  There are many people in this country struggling to get by today, working part-time, unemployed, trying to keep their children healthy. States are struggling to provide the services these folks need. In my State, I can find them in rural areas, I am sure in Arkansas and North Carolina. There are many small town hospitals which are threatened with going out of existence. They are going to leave.  In one part of my State, as I traveled around, I said in Calhoun County: What does it mean if that local hospital closes? They said instead of a woman traveling 40 miles to deliver a baby, it is 75 miles. I have been through that three times with my wife, and the prospect of getting in a car and driving 75 miles when she thinks the baby is on the way is something no father, no member of any family can look forward to. That is the real world affect of this amendment.  If we do not provide the assistance through Medicaid for those hospitals and those doctors, we are going to say to some parts of America, whether it is inner-city or rural America: You are going to find a dramatic decline in the services and quality of service available to you.  The block grant which Senator Rockefeller proposes to the States is also going to help us in providing a variety of social services. This increase in Federal support is essential if we are going to honor our commitment to act as partners with our States to help our Nation's most vulnerable people.  I urge my colleagues to support Senator Rockefeller's amendment and to increase Federal assistance to States that are struggling to make ends meet. This increase in Federal support is long overdue. We first started talking about it last November. Senator Rockefeller and I tried to include this in the energy package, if I am not mistaken. That was one of our efforts. We cannot delay it further.  Anyone who opposes it--I hope no one does--if anyone opposes it, come forward, make your argument, suggest your own amendment, but for goodness' sake, let's not let this important issue slide by. There are literally people in communities across America who are dependent on our good work, and if we do not respond to this national emergency, there are families and people who will suffer.  I thank Senator Rockefeller for his leadership on this issue. I ask unanimous consent to be shown as a cosponsor of the amendment.  