President, if I am not mistaken, I am the first Senator under the unanimous consent request. I thank the Senators from Nevada and Alaska.  This has turned out to be a historic debate about energy in that we have spent more time on it than any other issue I can remember since I have come to the Senate in the last 5 or 6 years. It is important we do spend the time, because if the issue is energy security and energy independence, we see on a daily basis why it is not only timely, but absolutely essential for our national security.  We followed the issues in the Middle East for many reasons. There are those who feel a special attachment to the nation of Israel and the alliance of the United States with that nation. There are those who follow it for many other reasons. Let's be honest. One of the reasons we consistently look to the Middle East is because it is a source of energy for the United States. We were involved in a war a little over 10 years ago, the Persian Gulf war, because of the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq. President Bush's father made it clear at the time this was about energy, about oil.  Time and again, the United States focuses its attention on the world because of our dependence on other countries for the oil and gas they send to our shores. It is an essential part of our economy, an essential part of our daily lives. We Americans are very happy and comfortable with our automobiles and trucks. We like that part of being in America. However, it has a price. It has a price not only in maintaining the vehicle but a price in terms of our relationship with the world.  The purpose of this energy bill is to talk about how we establish some energy independence and energy security, how we make the right decisions today so we can say to our kids and our grandchildren, in the year 2002, we took a look at the world and said: We will change a few things in the United States so we don't end up totally dependent on some foreign country for our energy, so that your life and your economy is going to be less dependent on what happens in Saudi Arabia or the gulf states or any other part of the world.  That is as noble an aspiration as could be asked for in political life. It generated, thanks to the leadership of Senator Bingaman of New Mexico, this lengthy tome of suggestions for change when it comes to energy in America. What is curious is the administration, President Bush, Vice President Cheney, and others, came up with their own plan. That plan was fraught with controversy and political intrigue. At one point, we asked a very simple question of the administration: With whom did you meet? Which corporations and companies and associations did you meet with to draw up your energy plan for America's future?  To the surprise of this Senator, and many others, Vice President Cheney basically said: That is none of your business. We are going to put togetherour plan and submit it to you. We hope you like it, but you don't have a right to know with whom we consulted.  In the meantime, the Government Accounting Office has taken the administration to court to produce the names of the people with whom they worked. A court in the District of Columbia ordered the disclosure of some of the names. To the surprise of virtually no one, the major groups that wrote the administration's policy were the oil and gas companies, the energy companies. They are the ones that put it together. Yes, there was an invitation for an environmental group to drop by and say, hello, have a sandwich, and leave, but the substantive work and the appointments were with the energy companies. It is reflected in the administration's approach.  Why are we debating the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge? Frankly, for reasons it is hard to explain, it is the centerpiece of the George W. Bush administration's energy plan for the future of America. We have spent more time talking about that tiny piece of real estate in Alaska than many other issues that do bear on the importance of energy security.  One would be led to believe, if one didn't know the facts, that if we could just drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, if we could scatter that Porcupine caribou herd, put up our pipeline and drill, America could breathe a sigh of relief. We finally found the oil we need for the next century.  Nothing could be further from the truth. That is why you have to ask yourself, if this is not the answer to our energy prayers, why are we spending so much time at this altar? We are spending more time debating the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge than many other critically important elements of our energy security.  It has a lot to do with the group that put together the administration's energy plan. Let's be honest. These oil companies own the rights to drill the oil. If they can get into this wildlife refuge, if they can drill, they will make some money out of it. It is part of business. It is a natural part of the free market economy. It isn't about energy security. It is about these oil companies and their rights to drill and make a profit.  Let me tell you what that means in real terms. Here is a report, not from a left-wing group but from the Energy Information Administration, part of the Department of Energy for the George W. Bush administration. Here is what they have said about the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge:       Net imports are projected to supply 62 percent of all oil      used in the United States by the year 2020. Opening the      Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is estimated to reduce the      percentage share of net imports to 60 percent.  So if we give to those oil companies the right to move into this wildlife refuge, the right to drill in territory and land which we have set aside and held sacred now for over 40 years, what does America get as part of the deal? A net reduction in our dependence on foreign oil by the year 2020 from 62 percent of all the oil we use to 60 percent. The estimates are all of the oil taken out of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge over a 10-year period of time would amount to 6 months' worth of energy for the United States.  Why, then, if that is what we are talking about, is this the centerpiece of the administration's policy? It goes back to the point I made earlier. It is the centerpiece of their policy because the people who wrote the policy, the special interest groups that sat down and crafted the policy, have another agenda. It isn't energy security; it isn't energy independence. It is about profitability.  Look at the impact of ANWR on net imports. The green line is net imports with ANWR; the blue line is net imports otherwise. They are almost indistinguishable. The chart says the same thing that President Bush's Department of Energy has already said.  So we find ourselves in the position of debating this issue. When President Eisenhower created the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge--and I might remind people, President Eisenhower was not viewed as some radical environmentalist--he was following in a long line and a long tradition in America where Presidents of both political parties took a look at their heritage, America's lands, and said: There are certain things which we want to honor, respect, and not exploit.  They took a tiny piece of real estate in one of the most remote parts of America, in this new State of Alaska, and said: This piece we will protect as a wildlife refuge.  For over 40 years, President after President, Democrat and Republican, respected that--until today. Today we have an argument from this President and his supporters in Congress that it is time for us to move in and start to drill.  I suggest to my colleagues that the Arctic Coastal Plain we are discussing is a unique natural area, one of America's last frontiers. These precious lands will be part of our legacy for future generations. Before we cavalierly say to these oil companies: pull in the trucks, pull in the rigs, and start drilling, we ought to step back and reflect as to whether or not this is sensible or responsible. I do not believe it is.  In this energy policy we have brought to the floor, there are a lot of suggestions about reducing our dependence on foreign oil. There was one that came to the floor for debate and a vote a week or two ago which went to the heart of the issue. Of all the oil we import to the United States today from overseas, 46 percent of it goes for one purpose--to fuel our cars and trucks. That is right. Forty-six percent of all the oil coming to the United States goes to fuel our automobiles and trucks. That number is supposed to grow to almost 60 percent in a few years. In other words, our demands for more vehicles to be driven on the highway as we want is going to increase our dependence on foreign oil.  Doesn't it stand to reason that part of any responsible energy bill would talk about the fuel efficiency of the cars and trucks that we drive?  Not in the eyes of the Senate. We had a vote to put a new fuel efficiency standard on the books and it lost 62 to 38. The Big Three automakers and their supporters came to the Senate and said: We do not want you to improve the fuel efficiency and fuel economy of vehicles in America.  The Senate said: You are right. We are not going to touch it.  Why is that significant? It is significant for this reason. Look at what would happen here in terms of the billions of barrels of oil we would have saved just by increasing the fuel efficiency of cars and trucks in America. If we had gone up to 36 miles a gallon by 2015, with 10-percent trading of credits back and forth, the red line shows we would be saving somewhere in the range of 14 billion barrels of oil cumulative; at 35 miles per gallon, you see the blue line is higher because it is at an earlier date that it is implemented.  You have to scroll down here, if you are following this, and look down low and see what the ANWR means in comparison. It is this line here at the bottom, barely over 2 billion barrels of oil in the entire history of drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  This Senate rejected real savings when it came to fuel efficiency and fuel economy. We rejected that. We rejected it, incidentally, because the Big Three in Detroit and their lobbyists in Washington effectively lobbied the Senate.  But today we are being asked to go ahead and drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, a refuge that has been set aside for 40 years, and we know it doesn't even hold a candle to the savings enhanced fuel efficiency would generate in terms of our energy dependence.  The lesson and the moral to the story is there are a lot more lobbyists for the oil companies than there are for the Porcupine caribou that live in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. That is the bottom line. There are not a lot of people out there with antlers, waiting in the lobby, but there are a lot of folks with Gucci loafers on, and they are waiting to tell us: Don't touch the Big Three when it comes to the fuel efficiency of vehicles.  I think it is shameful to think that between 1975 and 1985 we passed a law that doubled the fuel efficiency of cars to a level of about 28 miles per gallon, and that we have not touched that issue for 17 years. That tells me we have been derelict in our responsibility. If we really cared about America's independence and security, we would be focusing on fuel efficiency, fuel economy of the cars and trucks wedrive. But this Senate walked away from it and said, no, we don't want any part of that debate. We are with the Big Three. We are with the special interests. Instead, let's figure out how we can drill in the ANWR.  That is not the only thing we have ignored. Renewable energy sources, what are those? Those are the ones that are not expended such as fossil fuels. Once you burn the tank of gas, it is gone into the atmosphere. We get the energy out of it and leave the pollution. Renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar energy and hydrogen cells and those sorts of things, fuel cells, all of those have the potential of environmentally friendly sources of energy. How much do we in the United States today rely on that kind of renewable energy to generate electricity? To the tune of about 4 percent of our total, about 4 percent.  Some of us said: Why don't we take on, as a challenge to America, increasing our dependence on renewable environmentally friendly energy sources such as wind power and solar power and fuel cells and hydrogen power? Let's increase the renewable portfolio standard to 20 percent over a 20-year period of time. Senator Jeffords of Vermont offered that. I cosponsored it. It is not an unrealistic goal. The State of California currently relies on renewable energy sources for more than 10 percent of its electricity.  We can, as a nation, do it, reduce dependence on foreign energy. But this Senate said no because the oil companies, the special interests out in the lobby, in their three-piece suits, said: No, we are not interested in that. We don't own the wind. We don't own the Sun. We own the oil. We own the gas. Stay dependent on that, America.  So we have a modest goal of increasing our use of renewable energy from 4 percent to 8 or 10 percent. At a time when we are dealing with an energy bill, I think we are suffering from anemia. We are afraid to step out and do what is necessary to make America less dependent on foreign fuel.  Drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Reserve is the answer to every lobbyist's prayer. But, honestly, it is not the answer to America's prayer. America is praying this Senate comes to its senses, that we understand we can make and must make bold and important decisions today. If we say to the Big Three, you have the wherewithal and the technology to produce a more fuel-efficient vehicle so we can still move our kids to soccer games and be safe on the road, they can do it. We issued that challenge before and they did it. They didn't like it. They resisted it.  In 1975, when we increased fuel efficiency, the Big Three said that was impossible. Double fuel economy in America? Let me tell you what is wrong with that idea: Technically impossible; the cars will be so small they will look like gocarts, they will not be safe, Americans won't drive them, and you are going to drive jobs overseas. That was the argument in 1975.  Guess what. We ignored them, passed the law, and none of those four things happened. By 1985, we doubled fuel economy and none of those things happened. So in the year 2002, when we get in the same debate about fuel efficiency, what did the Big Three say? Technically, it's really impossible, Senator, for us to improve fuel economy. The cars will be so tiny they will be like gocarts. People won't like them. They won't be safe. And people are going to buy cars from overseas. The same arguments, the same empty arguments. It shows an attitude of some of our manufacturers in this country which in a way is embarrassing.  Why is it when it comes to the new generation of vehicles on the road, the hybrid vehicles getting 50 or 60 miles a gallon, they all have Japanese nameplates on them? I don't get it. This is the greatest country in the world, with the strongest military in the world, the best schools in the world, the best engineers in the world. Yet when it comes to automobiles, we are satisfied with the bronze medal every day of the week. Frankly, the Senate has not stepped up to its responsibility in adding the provisions that are necessary to make sure our energy independence is established.  We want energy security but not at the expense of America's last frontier. If we are serious about energy security, we have to reduce oil consumption in the vehicles in our country. A comprehensive, balanced energy policy will provide for oil and gas development in environmentally responsible areas--not the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  We can establish conservation measures. We can cut down on our energy consumption. We owe that not only to ourselves but to our children.  As James E. Service, a retired vice admiral of the Navy, wrote in a recent Los Angeles Times op-ed:       National security means more than protecting our people,      our cities and our sovereignty. It also means protecting the      wild places that make our nation special. Drilling the Arctic      National Wildlife Refuge . . . just doesn't make good sense      or good policy.  He said that on January 14 of this year.  But someone before him really set the tone for Congress to think about it. His bust is out in our lobby. His name was Teddy Roosevelt. As Vice President, he presided over this Senate. He is the one who really told America to be mindful of the heritage you leave. I quote him:       It is not what we have that will make us a great nation; it      is the way in which we use it.  Teddy said that almost 100 years ago. On this vote, we will find out whether the Senate remembers Roosevelt's advice to our Nation.  I yield the floor.  