It is an issue about whether or not the pharmaceutical companies will prevail and continue to charge the highest prices in the world to American consumers or whether the consumers of America, the families and the small businesses, will prevail and finally bring to this marketplace some competition, some form of oversight, that gives them a fighting chance.  America believes in its drug industry. We understand the miracles that have occurred because of research and hard work within that drug industry. Look at the money we pump every year into the National Institutes of Health, taxpayer dollars spent by this Congress at the National Institutes of Health, to find new cures for diseases--last year, $23.5 billion. I supported it. I will support it again this year; it is money well spent to find cures for diseases that plague Americans and the world.  Look at what we do as well: We say to these pharmaceutical companies we will give them a tax credit for research and development. We give them a tax break to continue to find new cures, and then we say we will give them a tax break for advertising and other costs of business.  Our Government is friendly, supportive, and encouraging of the drug industry, as it should be. What do we get in return? Well, American consumers get the highest drug prices in the world. That is right. Our taxpayers invest more money in this industry and pay more back to it than any other country in the world.  Take a look at this chart. It was prepared by the House Committee on Government Reform. They said, if Americans pay an average of $1 for a pharmaceutical product, how much would that same product cost in other countries around the world? In other words, the American pill that we have paid the research money on and the tax credits for, that cost us $1, well, what does it cost in the other countries around the world?  In France, it is 55 cents; Italy, 52 cents; Germany, 65 cents; England, 69 cents; in Canada, 62 cents.  What is wrong with this picture, Americans? We are the ones subsidizing this industry, and we are paying the highest prices. Our thanks to PhRMA for giving them all of this assistance, all of this encouragement, and in return being asked to pay the highest prices in the world. Why? Because, frankly, we as a government have never stood up and said we have had it.  The Canadians have. I heard an allusion earlier to the socialism of Canada. Well, I do not consider them to be lockstep Fabian Socialists. This is a country which decided a long time ago that when it came to the health of Canadian citizens, they were going to do everything they could to make it affordable and available, and one of the first things they did was to say to the American drug companies: If you want to sell the same pills that you are charging so much for in America, if you want to sell them in Canada, you are going to have to face price restrictions. We will not let you sell them at those inflated prices that you charge your own American citizens.  As a result, the same drugs made by the same companies, subject to the same inspection, cost a fraction in Canada of what they do in the United States.  When you take a look at some of these drugs, for example--and you will recognize these names, incidentally, because they are all over your television screen, they are in every magazine you pick up now, newspapers, every single day.  Paxil: Feel a little anxious this morning? Take your Paxil. If you take it, it is $2.62 in the United States. Go to Canada, and it costs $1.69. It is a beautiful ad they have on television. Americans, you are paying for that ad. You are paying for it about a dollar more a pill.  Zocor, $3.75 in the United States, $2.32 in Canada; Prevacid, $3.91 in the United States, $2.24 in Canada, because the Canadian Government said: We are not going to let you rip off Canadians. You can rip off Americans. They will pay for it, no questions asked. Do you know why? Because PhRMA, this lobby, has a death grip on Congress. Congress is not going to rock the boat. It is not going to pass a law to protect American consumers as the Canadian Parliament did, no way. That is what this debate is all about.  The Dorgan amendment basically says we are so despondent, we have reached the point of despair where we are going to allow people to bring in drugs from Canada, the cheap drugs from Canada, because we cannot hold the American pharmaceutical companies to a standard of charging Americans a fair price. Boy, have we really reached that point, where we have to rely on the Canadians' bargaining authority to give American consumers a fighting chance? It appears we do. But that amendment passed 69 to 30. It shows you the desperation of the Senate, that we will not pass a law demanding fair prices for Americans; we are going to piggyback on the Canadians who have the political courage to do it.  Now comes the Cochran amendment. Senator Cochran of Mississippi is my friend. He is an honorable man. There are two ways to look at this amendment. Let me look first at the positive side. He has said the Secretary of Health and Human Services has to be able to certify that if these drugs come in from Canada, they are going to be safe for American consumers. Well, I hope so. Most of them are exactly the same drugs we sent to pharmacies all around our country.  The second thing is that if we import them from Canada, there is a significant reduction in price for the consumer.  I think both of those tests would be met, and if that is the case, it is hard to vote against Senator Cochran. I am going to support him. I think it is a good standard. I sincerely hope this is not part of an agenda by the pharmaceutical companies that believe if they cannot win a vote on the Senate floor and they cannot win a vote on the House floor, they may be able to persuade one member of the President's Cabinet to put an end to the reimportation of drugs from Canada.  Think about that for a second. This one person, man or woman, serving as Health and Human Services Secretary, will have the power to stop the discounted drugs from coming from Canada into the United States. It is a considerable amount of authority.  We have had statements from Dr. Kessler at the FDA, and from people currently at the FDA, who say the Canadian drugs are safe, there is going to be no problem. And we know they are cheaper. This should not be anything other than a formal decision saying the approach of the Dorgan amendment--which I am proud to cosponsor--is an approach which is good for America.  Step back for a minute and look at this debate. Look at the fact that this Congress and this President cannot pass a law that gives the American consumer a fighting chance when it comes to the cost of prescription drugs.  We are going to rely on the political courage of the Canadians to stand up to the same companies and hope we can bring in discounted Canadian drugs into the United States. Is this upside down or what?  I hope we go further than this underlying bill on generic drugs, than the Dorgan amendment on Canadian reimportation, and actually put in place something we can be proud of, something that says to every American, rich or poor, they are not going to die, they are not going to be forced into the hospital because they have to choose between food and medicine. Is that a radical, socialist notion? I don't think so. It sounds like an American notion that we believe in this land of compassion, that we can find the resources and the wherewithal to help our people.  I have seen them. I have met them. Every Senator in this Chamber has met them. They are men and women who have worked hard all of their lives, have retired in their little homes with their savings accounts, and want to live in happiness, follow the sports page and tend to their garden and enjoy their retirement. Then comes an illness--unexpected, perhaps. The doctor tells that person--your mother, grandmother, father or grandfather--this pill will keep you out of the hospital. They go to the local drugstore and realize they cannot afford to take the medicine that keeps them out of the hospital.  That is a fact of life in America.  Meanwhile the drug companies--there will not be any tag days for the drug companies--are making a lot ofmoney. They are in business for a profit and deserve a profit. Look at this chart showing the profitability of Fortune 500 companies in the last 10 years: The drug industry, 18.5 percent; the median for other Fortune 500 companies, 3.3 percent.  Drug companies are doing extremely well. They say: We need to make a lot of money because we have to put the money into research for new drugs.  But look at this chart which shows how much they are spending on marketing and how much on research. The blue line is research; the yellow line is marketing. Look at the disparity in companies such as Merck, Pfizer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Abbott, Wyeth, Pharmacia, Eli Lilly, and Schering-Plough. They make Claritin. You have seen that. They have switched over to the brand new drug called Clarinex. They used to show on television the people skipping through a field of wildflowers: I am taking Claritin and will never sneeze again.  Schering-Plough spent more advertising Claritin than PepsiCo spent on Pepsi-Cola.  Let us hold them to a standard in which we believe. The drugs are safe and will save the American consumer money.  