President, I rise at this moment to speak to the state of the economy and to call to the attention of the Senate what has transpired in America in the 2 weeks since the majority leader, Senator Daschle, brought to the attention of this country how sadly our economy is performing.  Earlier I came to the floor and one of my Republican colleagues came to the floor and greeted me and said: Durbin, you have it all wrong. The economy is better. Can't you feel it? The economy is much better. I have the facts to prove it.  I am anxious to see his presentation, and I am anxious to see how many people across America would agree with him because let me tell you what has happened in news reports in the last 2 weeks. These are news reports.  First, our stock market has had its worst quarter since 1987--15 years. It is the worst month of September in the stock market since 1937, 65 years ago. It has also been reported that the number of Americans without health insurance increased by 1.4 million last year, to 41.2 million.  The trend line, which had been moving in the opposite direction with more people having health insurance, is moving in the wrong direction now--fewer and fewer Americans with the protection of health insurance. May I add for a moment, have you asked anybody about the cost of health insurance lately? Small businesses, large businesses, labor unions, workers alike, the cost of health insurance is breaking the bank at businesses across America. It is breaking the bank when it comes to labor unions that try to take care of their retirees. It is something that has not been addressed by this Congress or this President.  The poverty rate rose last year for the first time in 10 years, from 11.3 percent to 11.7 percent. The prosperity of the previous administration has finally run out. More and more people are falling into poverty.  Real median household income fell last year by $934. The spending power of American families in real terms dropped by over $900. That is the first drop in 9 years.  Housing starts fell 2.2 percent in August. Unemployment insurance claims remain high, the 4-week average stays above 400,000, and the U.S. manufacturing jobs shrank in September for the first time since January.  My colleague on the Republican side says I just don't get it; things are really getting better out there. I don't think they are. I think, frankly, we are not yet into recovery. When I talk to people who are leaders in business and keep an eye on the economy, they don't think we are either. They look at numbers and the numbers are pretty compelling.  Take a look at this economic report. This is the average annual percentage change in the Standard & Poor's 500. We went all the way back to the Harding administration--Warren G. Harding, the former President--to see what had happened in the stock market. Here is what we learned.  There has only been one other time in history when we have seen such a dramatic, precipitous decline in the value of the stock market. Sadly, that was during the Great Depression under Herbert Hoover when the stock market declined some 30 percent. We are talking about the S 500 declining 30 percent in value. Under President Bush's current administration that same percentage has gone down 21 percent. I don't have to tell that to anybody listening to this speech because more than half of Americans own some stocks, whether it is their personal savings or college savings accounts for their kids or grandkids or their pension plans. They know what has happened here. The nest egg you put aside and counted on for the future has been diminishing over the last year and a half. The economy is not strong. Yet you wouldn't believe it when you listen to the comments that are made.  Here is a comment from the President, September 5, just a few weeks ago.       I'm optimistic about our economy. I'm optimistic about job      growth.  That is the President. Vice President Cheney, on August 7:       . . . there is no doubt of our nation's (economic)      strength.  Paul O'Neill, Secretary of the Treasury, September 25, just a few days ago:       The latest indicators look good.  That is our Secretary of the Treasury. What is he reading? Who is he listening to? This is a man who is supposed to be charting the course of economic policy in our country and he thinks things are looking good, a chicken in every pot. I don't think so.  Take a look at the economic record of this administration. We went back to President Eisenhower to take a look at the annual growth rate of private sector jobs. Incidentally, the President said he is optimistic about job growth. Look at job growth under this administration. Every single President has had positive job growth in the private sector except one, President George W. Bush. He is optimistic. Well, he may be optimistic about the future, but a realistic view of his administration is it has been disastrous. We have lost jobs across America and people know this. They understand the uncertainty they face.  Take a look as well at the average rate of change in the real gross domestic product. This is the sum total of the value of goods and services produced in America. We went back to President Eisenhower. Every year you see a pretty substantial growth but one--look at this. Under President George W. Bush we have the lowest economic growth in 50 years in America. The President has said, ``I'm optimistic about the economy.'' But look at the economy. It is weak. It is an economy that has taken its toll on workers and families and businesses and on the savings of retirees.  Take a look at these jobs we have lost. More than 2 million jobs have been lost under the Bush administration. We have had 111.7 million private sector jobs when the President took office. Today we are down to 109.6 million. In the words of Secretary of the Treasury Paul O'Neill, ``The latest indicators look good.'' I don't see it. It doesn't look good for 2 million people who have lost their jobs since this President took office.  Now take a look at what has happened when it comes to Government spending. The debt held by the public--I am almost afraid to bring up the issue of national debt and deficit with Senator Hollings on the floor. This is his passion. But he knows as well as I do, the debt held by the public in 2008 had been projected, when the President took office, at $36 billion. That projection has gone from $36 billion to now $3.8 trillion. We are swimming in this red ink under this administration. It wasn't the case when he came to office.  This has all transpired under this President and his watch. What does it mean in terms of our Federal interest costs? Look at this. When the President came to office, they estimated the total Federal net interest spending for 10 years would be $620 billion. That is when President Bush took office. Today the estimate is up to $1.9 trillion--interest paid on national debt created by deficits with which we are presently living.  We left an administration that was in surplus. We left an administration that was paying down the national debt. We are now in an administration adding to the national debt, creating deficits, causing problems across our economy.  The reason? You can look at the recession which continues. You can certainly look to the war on terrorism, which has cost us dearly. None of us will shortchange the men and women who are fighting for our Nation, and that is going to cause some spending which will come out of the Social Security trust fund. But there is a third element. The third element was President Bush's tax policy. He came forward and said to America: With this fantastic surplus that I can see for 10 straight years, it is time to give the moneyback to the American people. So the average family got the $300 check or the $600 check and said: That is fine. I will find something to do with that.  But the net result of all of it is we are in a situation now where we are dealing with debt and deficit which we did not anticipate. The guesses and forecasts and speculation of President Bush's best advisers were just plain wrong. The surplus that was projected for 10 years has disappeared. It is totally gone. We were not prudent. We were not cautious. We were not careful. We put in tax cuts that will be in place for 10 years and we cannot pay for them and we are going in debt. No, let me take it back. We are taking money out of the Social Security trust fund to pay for it.  