There are many arguments that I will make about the justice and fairness of this amendment, but that is not where I am going to start. I want to start with the economics of this amendment.  This is an economic stimulus bill. It is not designed first and foremost to be a bill for restoring justice to unemployment compensation, although I think this amendment achieves that. The first thing it is supposed to do is help the economy move forward. If there is a problem in America's economy today that is easily defined, it is the fact that we have an overcapacity and overproduction of goods and services and limited demand. As a result, businesses across America have said: People are not buying as much as they used to, so we are going to cut back on production. We are going to lay off workers.  That has had a ripple effect in the wrong direction. It has created a recession, which has created unemployment, which has lessened business activity. First and foremost, whatever we do in an economic stimulus package should attack this problem. First and foremost, it should stimulate demand and spending for goods and services. And in stimulating that demand, I believe it will increase the demand for production, and it will increase employment in production industries and start this economy back on the road again.  Here is something that should be kept in mind. For every dollar we put into the economy, we get an impact. We don't know what the impact might be until we see who receives the dollar. If you happen to be a person of great wealth who, frankly, doesn't take each dollar you receive and put it into a purchase, then what they call the multiplier effect might not even be a dollar for a dollar. That dollar may go into a savings account or into an investment. It won't go into the actual demand for goods and services that creates the jobs I mentioned.  We know dollars given to unemployed people are dollars that are spent and respent in a hurry. In fact, the Labor Department has come out with a study that says for every dollar in unemployment benefit we put into the economy, it increases the gross domestic product, the sum total of goods and services in America, by $2.15. These funds are spent and turned over several times in the economy. So if we want to really get the engine roaring when it comes to demand, give the money to the people who are struggling on a daily basis. They will spend it in a hurry. They need to spend it on the obvious necessities of life.  First and foremost, this is an economic stimulus amendment.  Let me speak to the justice and fairness of this amendment. It is a sad reality that only 33 percent of the people who are unemployed receive unemployment insurance. This was not always the case. In fact, not too long ago, 75 percent of unemployed people received unemployment insurance. That was in 1975, 27 years ago. Now it is down to 33 percent. Why the difference? Why is it if you were unemployed in 1975, you were much more likely, more than twice as likely to receive unemployment insurance? Because the nature of employment has changed in America. It is no longer the full-time employee, the 40-hour-a-week employee, who is unemployed. More and more, it is the part-time employee. It is the mother with children, taking a job and only working 4 days a week and who doesn't get any benefits on the job, who finally loses that job and then, unemployed, turns to a system which says: No, the door is closed. We don't have unemployment insurance for part-time workers.  My amendment seeks to do two things: first, to increase unemployment insurance benefits by providing an additional 15 percent or $25, which isn't a huge sum, but it can be helpful to people who are unemployed. Sadly, the unemployment insurance payments to individual workers across America have been falling behind. Take Illinois, for example. The average benefit is only $1,005 a month. The average rent for a two-bedroom apartment is $776 a month. A family couldn't even pay the rent on that money, never mind food, clothes, utilities, and all other family expenses.  Since 1990, we have seen the percentage of lost income replaced by unemployment benefits falling 5 percent. The decline has had a serious impacton a lot of families. Benefits vary by State, but the maximum benefits are as low as $190 a week. Think about keeping a family together with an unemployment payment of $190 a week. What we are trying to do is to give a slight increase, a deserved increase in unemployment insurance benefits.  Secondly, we expand coverage. As I mentioned, take a look at unemployed Americans today compared to 25 years ago. You will find more and more unemployed part-time workers. Because of the calculation of unemployment insurance benefits, they ignore the 6 months before a person loses the job. So many people who have only had a job for a short period of time qualify for nothing. So you have fewer and fewer people with this coverage.  We have to supplement this current unemployment insurance program to provide coverage for welfare-to-work people, women and others who played by the rules and paid into the system. These workers finance the UI fund during many good times, and surely we ought to help them in the bad times.  Women comprise 70 percent of the part-time workforce, 65 percent of service sector workers. They work in the industries hardest hit by the economic downturn. Last year, only 23 percent of unemployed women in America qualified for unemployment insurance benefits.  Remember what we are telling women. We are saying to women: We really would like you to stay home with the kids more. That is kind of our message. Yet many women find they can't keep their family together unless they give a helping hand. Some of them are single mothers. They take a part-time job, maybe the best they can get, maybe all they want, so they can spend more time with the kids. Then they lose their job. Then they get no help from unemployment insurance because they were part-time workers.  This amendment extends unemployment insurance benefits to cover those part-time workers, particularly helping those women who are a disproportionate share of workers affected by it.  According to the GAO, low-wage workers are half as likely to receive benefits than other unemployed workers, even though they are twice as likely to be unemployed. So those are the things we do. We increase the benefits under unemployment insurance. We expand the eligibility so that temporary and part-time workers will at least get a helping hand.  The $15 billion that we estimate this will cost will come entirely out of the unemployment insurance funds in Washington. There is no burden placed on employers or States. It is money collected. It is temporary. It is a kind of helping hand which will stimulate the economy, No. 1, and, No. 2, do the right and fair thing for workers across America.  What does it mean in a few States? Let me give an example. In Illinois, it means that 590,000 unemployed Illinoisans, because of this amendment, will get a helping hand.  Let me pick another State. Let's try Iowa: 157,000 workers in Iowa, under the Durbin amendment, will receive benefits or increased benefits that they otherwise would not have received. Take a look at the part-time workers in the State of Iowa: 11,000 people, unemployed part-time workers in that State will now receive some benefit from unemployment insurance. In my State of Illinois, it is 54,000, a larger State.  I can go through the list, and I am going to put it on the table when we vote. Look at the real numbers of real people who are suffering in your States because of being unemployed and falling through the cracks. This Durbin Amendment tries to close the cracks. I thank Senator Wellstone of Minnesota, Senator Dayton as well, and Senator Landrieu and those who have cosponsored this amendment. I will stop now because I want to give some of them an opportunity to speak.  I will yield to the Senator from Iowa or anyone who is going to speak.  