President, I would like to commend the Senate for passing the Help America Vote Act of 2002 today. This landmark legislation will help the Nation avoid another debacle like the one that occurred during the Presidential election in November of 2000. In that election, thousands of ballots in Florida and in my home State of Illinois went uncounted for a variety of reasons. In fact, over 120,000 voters in Cook County and thousands more throughout the rest of the State did their civic duty and cast a vote during the last Federal election, only to have their ballots discounted because of problems with machinery and inaccuracies on the rolls of registered voters. This is unacceptable in the United States of America, where we take pride in our freedom to cast a vote for our leaders.  With the Help America Vote Act of 2002, Congress has finally agreed on a bipartisan solution to these problems. The conference report contains several items to improve the administration of elections for Federal office. First, it requires that voting systems meet certain minimum requirements, including notifying voters of overvotes, allowing voters the opportunity to correct their ballots, and having a manual audit capacity. The voting system must give disabled voters the ability to vote ``in a manner that provides the same opportunity for access and participation, including privacy and independence, as for other voters.'' In addition, voting systems must operate under a maximum error rate as currently established by the Federal Election Commission. These national requirements for voting systems should significantly improve the ability of all voters to cast ballots that accurately reflect their intentions.  Next, the legislation provides a fail-safe mechanism for voting on election day. It requires that all states allow voters to cast a provisional ballot at their chosen polling place if the voter's name isn't on the list of eligible voters, or an election official, for whatever reason, declares a voter ineligible. Included in the right to vote provisionally is the right to have one's eligibility to vote promptly verified by the State and then to have one's ballot counted in that election, according to State law. Finally, provisional voters have the right to know whether their vote was in fact counted, and if not, why it wasn't. These measures seem dictated by common sense and fairness. Yet, many States, including Illinois, do not guarantee voters such rights today.  To secure the rights afforded by this legislation, the Department of Justice can ask the Federal courts to act. In addition, States are required to establish an administrative procedure open to any person who believes a violation of any of the requirements has occurred, is occurring or will occur. States are free to add additional safeguards to protect these rights and are encouraged to provide the most effective remedy available to enforce them.  Another key component of this legislation is the requirement that States implement an up-to-date, computerized, interactive, statewide list of all registered voters that is accessible to election officials in every jurisdiction. This list is intended to help keep voter rolls current and accurate and to reduce, if not eliminate, confusion about a voter's registration and identification when a voter arrives at the polling place. This section also provides safeguards to preserve the confidentiality of voter identification information and to protect against improper purging of names from the list. Make no mistake: In order to remove a voter's name from the list of registered voters, for any reason, election officials must comply with all of the preexisting requirements of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993. This act doesn't change that.  To further the study and improvement of voting and the conduct of elections nationwide, the legislation creates an Election Assistance Commission, which will serve as a central clearinghouse on election administration issues. Advised by State and local officials, this commission will, among other things, provide for the testing and certification of voting systems. Ultimately, the commission should identify and report to Congress on continuing problems with election administration and potential solutions.  To facilitate voting by Americans living abroad, particularly those serving their country in the Armed Forces, the Act enhances the provision of election information, extends the duration of an application for an absentee ballot, and requires states to accept early submissions of ballots by such voters.  Finally, the conference report authorizes $3.9 billion in Federal funding over the next few years to replace antiquated voting systems, to educate voters on procedures and on their rights, to train election officials, poll workers and volunteers, to improve polling place accessibility for individuals with disabilities, to promote research on voting technology, and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the act. Of this amount, $650 million is to be made available on an expedited basis, in part for the immediate replacement of punchcard voting systems, the bane of the 2000 Presidential election. This should be particularly helpful for Illinois, where the overwhelming majority of voters still vote by means of this troublesome technology. In fact, Illinois will be eligible for up to $45 million of this early money. The bulk of funds - $3 billion over the next 3 years - is authorized specifically to help States meet the requirements set forth in this act. Illinois stands to receive up to $155 million under this section. When these sums are appropriated, states will at long last have the resources to provide citizens with the best means available to exercise their right to vote.  Still, this legislation is not without its shortcomings. These include new limitations on the way first-time and newly registering voters are permitted to identify themselves, which could create obstacles for some groups; the lack of an explicit, strong federal remedy through which voters can individually vindicate the rights granted them in this legislation; and the absence of a guarantee that the funds authorized by this legislation will actually be appropriated by Congress and the President. Thus, Congress has an ongoing responsibility to provide the funds called for in this Act and to monitor the implementation of its provisions over the next several years.  Nonetheless, on balance, this legislation embodies a good faith, bipartisan attempt to ensure that every eligible vote in an election for Federal office is accurately cast and counted and I support its worthy goals.  