People who are following this debate in our Chamber and by C-SPAN must wonder what we are doing today. We are talking about tax cuts, tax breaks, tax relief.  Can you think of a more popular issue or subject for us to entertain on the floor of the U.S. Senate? Forget for a moment that we are in deficit, that we are taking billions of dollars out of the Social Security trust fund because of our last tax decision and events that have intervened. Forget that for a moment and just concentrate on tax relief for America.  If you would go out on the street corner in Springfield, IL, or in Chicago, which I represent, or in Texas or in North Dakota, and say to the first five people walking by: If Congress is going to consider tax relief and tax cuts, what do you think they ought to concentrate on? I guarantee you not a single soul will come up to you and say: What they ought to concentrate on are the multimillionaires who may pass away and owe some money to the Federal Government; that is the thing that keeps my family up at night. We are worried about that possibility--that someone who is worth millions of dollars may end up paying some money to the Government.  No. Most people would say: I will tell you what bothers me, Senator. I cannot figure out how to pay for my kids' college education expenses. Why don't you make that deductible? That would help my family and would help our country. That makes sense, doesn't it?  If you went into the store on the corner and said to the businessperson at the store: What do you think is a good tax relief measure for Congress to consider? They might say: I am not sure how you do it, but can you help me pay for health insurance for my wife, myself, and my employees? It is killing me, going up 25, 30 percent a year. There is another interesting idea for tax relief.  Then you go to the other corner and stop by a senior citizen gathering and say: Do you have any ideas for something we can do by way of tax relief? They will probably say: Senator, can you do something about the high cost of prescription drugs in this country? We cannot afford to fill the prescriptions the doctors give us.  There you have it--three proposals you are likely to find in any city or town in America to deal with real American family problems, such as paying for a college education, paying for health insurance, affording prescription drugs. You might ask yourself, of all the possibilities, why is Congress focusing instead on tax relief for the wealthiest people in the country and ignoring the tax relief that the average person in America would like to see us enact? The reason is because the special interest groups have been at work.  First, they hired the pollster who decided to stop calling it ``estate'' tax and start calling it a ``death'' tax. People think that is terrible that you are going to tax someone for dying. Well, look at the Senate floor here. Look at the other side. The poster says: ``repeal the death tax.'' So they caught on. From now on it is no longer the estate tax, it is the death tax.  And then they said you have to convince everybody in America that this is a tax they have to worry about. Forget for a moment that it is only a handful of people who ever pay the Federal estate tax. I went to O'Hare Airport a few months ago when we were in the middle of an earlier debate on this issue. This is a true story. The baggage handler for United Airlines who took my bags at the sidewalk said to me: Senator, would you do something about this death tax? I almost said to him: Sir, there is no way in your lifetime, even if you win the lottery, that you are likely to ever pay the Federal estate tax. What you ought to think about is getting your kids through college, health insurance, prescription drugs for your mom and dad. Those are the things that will affect your life.  They have done very well here. They have convinced the average person in the street that the Government is standing by the funeral home waiting to slap a lien on the car of the widow. It just is not true.  Let me tell you something else they are arguing. They are arguing that this is a tax that is destroying farmers and small businesspeople, that they are taking away a farm that has been in a family for generations because of the estate tax.  I wrote a letter to the Illinois Farm Bureau and the Farmers Union last year and said: Can you give me one example of a farm in the State of Illinois--just one example--of a farm family who lost their farm because of the Federal estate tax? No; none, zero; not one example. Senator Dorgan and I came together with Senator Carnahan and said: Let's go after real estate tax reform that solves any problems we can envision. I salute Senator Dorgan for his leadership because he said: Why don't we just flat out exempt any farm, any business that is going to be transferred from one family member to the next? Let's just say they will not pay any estate tax. That puts it into the argument that this is confiscating businesses and farms.  The amendment is very simple. It is very straightforward. Guess what. It takes effect next year. It is immediate. So all of those who vote against the Dorgan amendment are saying, postpone this and for 7 years, leave businesses and farms in the lurch, if there is one, when it comes to estate tax liability.  Senator Dorgan put together this amendment, which I cosponsored, which says farms and businesses which pass to lineal heirs--children--are not going to pay any estate tax. That is as clear as it can be, and it goes into effect immediately.  Then he says: Let us increase the exemption for other estates from what will be about $1 million to $4 million for individuals, $8 million for married people. What would that cover?  Let's assume you bought a home that has dramatically appreciated in value. I have seen it in Illinois, Washington, California, you name it, and you have an estate that is left over that has a value of over $1 million. The Dorgan-Durbin-Carnahan amendment will exempt your estate from paying any Federal taxes, $4 million for an individual, $8 million for a couple.  Yet the Republicans have said that is not nearly enough. Madam President, you know who they are protecting? It is not a farmer. It is not a businessperson. It is not a person who has really done pretty well in life. It is the superrich.  The Senator from Texas called the estate tax an absolute tragedy and theft--theft. The Senator from Colorado then said: Why should death be a taxable event? Let me ask a question: Why should work be a taxable event? People who get up every morning and struggle in the workplace at their job pay income taxes. We pay taxes on sales, on income, and other items in our society so we will have enough money to make sure the Department of Defense can defend America, so there are hospitals, highways, and schools that add to the quality of life of our country.  I will tell my colleagues what we are going to do: If the Republicans have their way and eliminate the estate tax for the superrich in America, they are going to put a greater burden on taxing work in America. They will push moreof that burden right down to the working person, the average working family. That is not fair. It is totally unfair.  If this Senate is going to address real tax reform, we should at least be fair in the way we address it and not make certain that the wealthiest people in this country are always the first to benefit from tax relief. This debate ignores the average person, the average family, and the average business and farm in America.  This debate is about protecting the superrich who have their voices on the floor of the Senate and in the hallways right outside all lined up. They come here in their Gucci loafers and their fine tailored suits, and they put in these amendments to protect the superrich.  Meanwhile, day in and day out, the average person, the average family in America works hard and worries about paying the bills. Why in the world are we doing this?  To call this an absolute tragedy and theft is to ignore the fact that eliminating the estate tax on the wealthiest people in America will create a theft on our Treasury, it will create a theft on the working families of this country.  Do my colleagues want to know what the highest tax priority ought to be in our country? The highest tax priority ought to be on working families, and we are not doing that today. We are ignoring working families. We are trying our best to preserve the very best for the wealthiest of our country.  I am happy to support this amendment. I also want to indicate, we took a little survey since 1990 of all the times the estate tax issue has come to the floor of the Senate. It goes on for hundreds and hundreds of occasions.  We have a chance today with the Dorgan amendment to do something that finally puts this to rest. We do it in a sensible way. We do not raid the Treasury and we do not say 10 years from now we are going to jeopardize the Social Security trust funds so we can give a favor to the wealthiest people in this country.  It is interesting, when this debate got underway, some of the wealthiest people said: Stop, I don't need your tax relief; I am doing just fine, thank you. That does not dissuade those on the Republican side of the aisle from pushing this idea and saying: If we are going to give any kind of break in America, it should go to those well off.  I have been reading what has been going on in terms of corporate CEOs who are waltzing away with millions of dollars from these corporations even when the corporations are failing. These are people worth tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars, the very people the repeal of the estate tax is designed to protect. Do you have a lot of sympathy in your heart for some of these CEOs who have falsified their business records, who have been guilty of the worst corporate irresponsibility? My sympathy goes with the working families, and my support goes for this amendment.  I yield the floor.  