President, I rise in support of the Daschle-Baucus amendment which is being considered now. What we have is an opportunity--and I hope a bipartisan opportunity--to do something about the economy.  Senator Daschle has taken those elements of the Republican economic stimulus plan and the Democratic economic stimulus plan that we agree on and brought those to the floor, saying, use this as a starting point, as a bipartisan effort.  There are other ideas. Some on the Democratic side have concepts, and I am sure those on the Republican side do as well. What Senator Daschle is trying to do is to break the logjam, cut through the rhetoric, and do something.  I am discouraged that when Senator Daschle tried to do that this morning in the Senate Chamber, some Memberson the other side of the aisle objected. I hope this is not an indication that we are in another logjam, at an impasse and unable to break through.  Clearly, we have a good-faith effort to find a bipartisan economic stimulus package. This package contains elements with which I think Democrats and Republicans should agree. I don't believe there is any debate over the fact of 5.8-percent unemployment in this country and 8 million people out of work, and there are a lot of people facing hard times. This recession has made it difficult for them and their families. I read about it at home in the newspapers and hear it from people I talk to who call the office. A lot of families face a difficult circumstance and are trying to get by.  What we are trying to do with the economic stimulus bill is extend unemployment benefits for those who have been unemployed so they can keep their families together.  If the problem in America today is the fact we have overcapacity of goods and services and not enough demand and we want to help the economy move forward so more people make purchases, we want to give the resources to those who will spend them. The first to spend these resources are those out of work. Every dollar given to that unemployed worker for his or her family will be turned into a purchase, an important purchase for that family for clothing, food, to pay the utility bill in the cold winter months, shelter, maybe even medical costs. I hope there is no argument about that. I hope we can concede this is something to which both sides should agree.  There is another element in this bill of equally importance relating to the Medicaid system. Medicaid, of course, is health insurance for the disadvantaged people in America and those on disability. What we have found in my State of Illinois and across the Nation is that a lot of hospitals are facing closure today. States are seeing shrinking revenue and cannot match the Federal dollars that might come in from Medicaid and are cutting back for Medicaid reimbursement. That means small hospitals, rural hospitals, inner-city hospitals, hospitals with a disproportionate share of elderly patients, and patients with disabilities are the ones that are facing closure. The Daschle-Baucus bill addresses that.  I ask the Senator from Montana if he would like to comment. When he speaks of rural areas, the hospital Medicaid reimbursement in his State probably is similar to my own; inadequate to meet the current need. This amendment, the Daschle-Baucus amendment before the Senate now, provides, if I am not mistaken, additional Medicaid assistance to these hospitals in this difficult time. I would not be surprised if in Montana, as in Illinois, you had rural hospitals that were on the edge of closure. With this dramatic change in lifestyle, the quality of life in smalltown Montana or smalltown Illinois is going to change dramatically if the travel time to a hospital goes from 25 minutes to an hour and a half for the elderly person struggling to press on and live or for the woman delivering a baby. This makes all the difference in the world.  I ask my colleague from Montana if he would comment on the Medicaid aspect of this economic stimulus bill before the Senate.  