When we are in a recession, the best thing that can be done to spark economic activity is to give some buying power to people who are out of work. We have done that repeatedly, no questions asked.  For some reason, the Bush administration, which has presided over this recession getting deeper, darker, and gloomier, does not want to do that. They do not want to provide the basic necessities of life for these people. I do not understand that. One would think the President would have stepped up as his father did three different times and say we are going to provide the resources for these people who, through no fault of their own, are out of work. Yet the Bush administration has not done it.  The situation gets worse. The Bush economic record shows in private sector jobs, we have lost more than 2 million jobs. We had 111.7 million private sector jobs when President George W. Bush took office. Today, we are down to 109.6 million. It is an indication of how serious it is. Unemployment has become a national phenomenon under this failed Bush economic record.  I mentioned earlier the situation with people and their savings and investments. This chart is a graphic presentation of something we all know. Look at the impact of President Bush's policies on worker retirement savings. Take an average person. Assume, for example, they had $100,000 in their 401(k) retirement plan as of the date President George W. Bush took office and they had it invested in the Standard & Poors 500--considered a pretty good barometer of business success in America. They would have lost 30 percent of the value of their retirement. People who were tied into it have seen their retirement savings go down. Many have been forced to go back to work. The stock market losses, $4.5 trillion, are an indication of lost stock market wealth since President Bush took office. I caution people who are following this debate, this chart was prepared last week. The numbers are worse today. We know what is going on.  We need to do something in this country. We focus on national security. We should. Shouldn't we spend time discussing economic security? Or some time addressing this dramatic loss of wealth and savings in America through no fault of the families who thought they were well invested in a strong economy? This economy has hit the skids under President Bush. His idea to hold a conference with close friends in Texas will not cut it. We need to do things to make a dramatic difference.  Ask economists the thing to do to put life back in the economy, and they say: Put buying power back in the hands of people who are unemployed. They will spend the money. They have to, for the necessities of life. Spending it, with the multiplier in our economy, creates jobs as a result.  This Senate, before it adjourns and goes home to campaign or relax or whatever individual Senators care to do, should face its responsibility. The responsibility faced earlier by President Bush's father should be faced by this President Bush as well, to extend the unemployment benefits.  This bill we are supporting, the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Act of 2002, ensures that the millions of workers exhausting their regular unemployment benefits will have a safety net on which they can rely. It ensures that over 800,000 workers benefitting from temporary extended benefits at the end of the year will not be faced with the abrupt expiration of that benefit on December 28. It ensures that over 863,000 workers who have already exhausted their temporary extended benefits and remain unemployed for over 39 weeks have a place to which to turn. It is basic. It is essential.  For goodness' sake, don't we owe it to the people of America to talk about the issues that hit them at home? Hit them in their pocketbooks? It is enough to talk about the Middle East and Iraq 23 hours a day, but can we spend an hour a day on the economy? I don't think it is unreasonable. If the President would suspend his conversations relative to campaigns for 1 hour a week to address the economy, it is something the American people believe is long overdue.  I hope my colleagues will support this extension of unemployment benefits.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  