President, I rise today to introduce legislation to improve the safety of nuclear waste transportation across our Nation. This bill, the Nuclear Waste Transportation Security Act of 2002, seeks to address the concerns raised by the Congress' decision earlier this year to transport spent nuclear fuel to Yucca Mountain, NV, for underground storage. Joining me in its introduction are Senators Cleland, Edwards, and Nelson.  I voted in favor of moving nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain. My decision was not a simple one; rather its ramifications required serious consideration. At that time, I predicated my `yes' vote on the waste being transported safely and securely through my home State of Illinois and across our Nation, and I indicated that I would introduce legislation to improve that safety and security. This is that legislation.  The Nuclear Waste Transportation Security Act directs the Secretary ofTransportation to establish a comprehensive transportation safety program that considers terrorist threats and other potential dangers to the safe transportation of this spent fuel. The Department of Transportation, the regulator of these shipments, will consult with numerous cabinet and sub-cabinet offices, including the soon to be created Department of Homeland Security, to develop this program. After one year, the Secretary will deliver a progress report to Congress on the program's development and implementation.  To better assist State, local, and tribal governments in implementing this program, our bill establishes a grant program at DOT related to the transportation of nuclear spent fuel. First responders will be eligible for these grants, which will emphasize frequently used routes. The grants will be used for infrastructure improvements, drills and training, and other activities as determined by the Secretary. DOE and the Federal Radiological Preparedness Coordinating Committee, FRPCC, of FEMA will consult on the grant program. For this purpose, the bill authorizes $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2003 and additional funds as necessary for fiscal years 2004 through 2012.  A key component of spent nuclear fuel transportation is ensuring the safety and security of routes nationwide. Much of this fuel is likely to be transported through my own State of Illinois, right through the center of Chicago and Springfield, our State capitol. I want to be certain that its transport does not endanger my constituents in any way. The Department of Energy ranks Illinois seventh in truck shipments under what is called the ``mostly truck scenario,'' and sixth in rail shipments in the ``mostly rail scenario.'' Nearly half of Illinois' electricity is generated from nuclear power. With seven nuclear power plants and two nuclear research reactors Illinois produces more nuclear waste than any other State and is home to some of the busiest transportation corridors in the Nation. The safety of Illinoisans is at stake. These stakes are too high for us to gamble. Safety must be a top priority.  To ensure this safety, my bill requires that the DOT consult with State governments in establishing routes and provide 14-days' notice to governors of shipments through their States. The bill requires dedicated trains for the waste with trained guards stationed at the front and rear ends of each train. The bill provides the Secretary of Transportation and the Director of Homeland Security with waiver authority for national or homeland security. Under my legislation, trains must be equipped with communication systems providing continuous access to first responders and must be equipped with the best available technology, including appropriate health monitoring systems. Finally, to ensure the safe transportation of passengers and shippers on our nation's waterways, nuclear waste shipments may not be made via the inland waterways or on the Great Lakes unless waived for national or homeland security purposes. This is critical to adequately protect these important natural resources.  Once the infrastructure is established and the routing determined, employees must be certified to handle any such emergencies that may result from this transportation and to mitigate their impact on local populations. My bill amends certification requirements for hazmat employees, requiring that certification be renewed every three years. Currently, this certification, without renewals, is required by regulation but not codified in statute.  The bill directs hazmat employers to submit training programs to DOT for review and approval and expands the definition of covered employees to include those who may be among the first responders to an accident but who do not receive training under current regulations. To provide funding for this additional training, the bill reauthorizes the training grant program for hazmat instructors who train hazmat employees, and enables it to cover hazmat employee training as well. Appropriations are authorized at $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2003 and for such sums as necessary for fiscal years 2004-2012.  The maximum civil penalties for violating hazmat laws regarding radioactive materials are increased from $25,000 to $100,000.  As a means of involving the public in these decisions affecting safety and security, the bill establishes a public outreach program to protect public health and safety. The program will be developed by FEMA in coordination with other agencies. In addition, the bill requires the EPA and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to conduct a study and report to Congress regarding the effects on public health of routine transportation of nuclear waste and accidents involving its transportation. The report is due one year after the date of enactment.  Especially important to my legislation is the establishment of requirements for casks. Also known as packages, these casks contain the spent nuclear fuel that is being shipped. The bill requires the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, which has authority over the casks, to execute a comprehensive testing program in conjunction with DOT and DHS, and requires them to conduct a survey of potential terrorist and other threats that may be posed to casks. The NRC and DOT must jointly certify the safety of the casks, which must be designed to handle head-on collisions at any speed at which they will be transported, attempted puncture by armor-piercing ammunition, falls of the maximum distance to which the package could fall on likely routes, submersion in water to the maximum depth to which the package could be submerged, continuous exposure to the maximum temperature to which the package is likely to be subjected in an event involving fire, and other threats that may be identified. The agencies involved in this effort must report to Congress every two years on these activities.  Finally, the bill amends current statute to exclude DOT and NRC contractors from participating on the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board and enables the Board to review the activities of the DOT and NRC and to obtain documents from them as part of its existing investigative powers. This provision will prevent any conflicts of interest between the reviewers and implementers of this law. The Board's termination date is extended from one year after nuclear waste begins to be deposited at a national repository to 10 years after such waste begins to be deposited.  I believe that our legislation alleviates many of the concerns of shippers, hazmat employees, the federal government, and affected citizens regarding the transportation of nuclear spent fuel across our Nation. In the course of its development, we consulted with shippers, railroads, labor unions, the nuclear industry, federal regulators, the environmental community, and our colleagues in the Senate. The bill seeks to address the real threats we face and to take economic and safety concerns into account, with the primary goal of increasing the safety and security of these materials during their transportation to Yucca Mountain. I appreciate the assistance that these groups have provided. I remain open to their further input and look forward to working with them to enact this critical legislation.  