 Senator Hatch said the Durbin amendment makes it tougher on the President. I remind my good friend from the Senate Judiciary Committee and my colleague from Utah that the Constitution makes it tough on the President. Article I section 8 says:       The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce      with foreign Nations . . .  Every President would like to see that stricken from the Constitution so they do not have to worry about this meddlesome interference from Congress. Congress comes in here representing all these people, all these businesses, all these farmers, all these ranchers, and Presidents do not have time for that. So they need fast track so they can have a fast track around Congress, give us a quick up-or-down, take-it-or-leave-it, thank-you-ma'am vote and go home. That is what this is about. It is a question of constitutional authority and whether Congress is going to vote to give away our authority under the Constitution which we have sworn to uphold and protect.  Also, the Senator from Montana has said his bill is going to dedicate us to ``pursuing international labor objectives.'' My amendment goes further. It does not talk about pursuing them. It says implement and enforce them. Do my colleagues know the difference? I can pursue a career in the movies for as long as I want. I do not think I am going to get it. But if I am told that I have to get one, get out to Hollywood and get busy, I take it a little more seriously. That is what the Durbin amendment does when it comes to labor standards.  This has been characterized--and it is typical in debate--as a killer amendment. Allow me to respond. Without this amendment, the Baucus-Grassley bill is going to, frankly, put us in a position where we will be killing jobs in America.  To say we have a strong adjustment assistance section is like saying: I am sorry I have to spread disease across America, but the good news is we are going to open more hospitals. In this case, we are saying: We know we are going to lose jobs to these trade agreements; the good news is we will keep your family together for a few months and give you health insurance. How is that for a deal? Not a very good one.  Frankly, we should be saying we need expanded trade, we need trade agreements, but we need to work with countries that respect the basic standards and treatment of workers so we do not have exploited child labor, slave labor, and forced labor; so that workers around the world have the rights they have in the United States to bargain collectively and to associate together.  What is radical about this notion? For 70 years in America it has been one of our core values. Why isn't it part of our values when it comes to trade agreements? If we do not have it as part of our values, believe me, we are going to be continuing to lose jobs.  We have to have trade that is fair, and if we fail to pass this amendment, we are also going to kill environmental quality. Let's be very clear about this. These multilateral environmental agreements are not respected by the Baucus-Grassley bill. Our bill basically says if two countries have entered into these agreements, they will be respected. No trade agreement is going to supersede it. Should we not be striving for a cleaner environment around the world? Is it not important to us, whether it is in Mexico, Brazil, or Uruguay, that we have environmental standards? I think it is.  Expanding trade is good, but it is not always good. It should be done in the context of fairness, of rules that can be enforced, of standards and values that America is proud of so that when it is all said and done, we can say to the American workers: Roll up your sleeves and let's get ready to compete, you know we can.  We are competing against a country that is going to play by the same rules we are playing by or aspire to the same values, but the Baucus-Grassley bill says, no, do not force those standards; play to the lowest common denominator when it comes to labor standards, play to the lowest common denominator when it comes to environmental protection. That is not what we should do.  Before this Congress gives away constitutional authority established by our Founding Fathers, in a constitution we have sworn to uphold and protect, stop for a minute and think: Should we not put safeguards in this process so that the Senate and Congress have a voice, so that the American people have a voice, so that the millions I represent and others represent when the trade agreements come due understand they have the protection of a Congress that will fight for their rights, not an alternative of take it or leave it, up or down, thank you, ma'am, good-bye Congress?  I yield the floor.  