And I thank the chairman of the Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Lieberman.  Let me say for the record, this bill--the creation of a Department of Homeland Security--is a bill that has had two births.  It was first born in our committee under Senator Lieberman's leadership before President Bush proposed its creation. We worked for the creation of this Department--believing the concept was sound--to bring together, in reorganization, agencies that are necessary to protect America.  When we had a vote in the Governmental Affairs Committee on Senator Lieberman's proposal, I was happy to support it, but not a single Republican member of the committee supported it.  Not 2 weeks later, President Bush came forward and said: I now support a Department of Homeland Security. And Senator Lieberman said: We will work with you. Let us put together a plan to bring it forward in a bipartisan fashion because, harkening back to an earlier statement on this floor: There is no partisanship when it comes to protecting America or its security or its freedom.  Senator Lieberman, working with Senator Thompson, tried to bring out a bill, a bipartisan bill, to address the President's concern about a Department of Homeland Security. I think we have done a good job. I think we have brought this bill to the floor in good faith. We had a lengthy hearing, many witnesses. Amendments were considered; some adopted and some rejected. The orderly process of Congress was followed. My hat is off to Senator Lieberman for his leadership.  But to think we have spent 4 straight weeks on the floor of this Senate unable to bring this bill to closure is clear evidence that there are people on this floor who do not want to see this bill passed in any form.  When the Senator from Texas comes up and says: Well, you have to understand, we are going to bring an amendment, and a few of our colleagues would like to speak on it on the floor, perhaps 40 Senators would like to speak on it on the floor--well, be prepared, that just means a filibuster by another name.  It means, frankly, there are forces at work on this floor that do not want to see this bill passed. They want to drag it out not 4 weeks or 6 weeks but 8 weeks and beyond. They have some other agenda other than giving the President a Department of Homeland Security. That is unfortunate.  I think Senator Lieberman and the members of the committee have shown good faith from the start. We have come to the floor day after weary day, many times with absolutely nothing happening, except the threat of another filibuster. And here we stand. Here we stand this day without the Department of Homeland Security bill passing the Senate. I think it is unfortunate. I think it is sad.  Earlier, the Senator from Texas said: Now, some of those who spoke earlier, such as Senator Daschle, Senator Byrd, and Senator Inouye, about their concern over the President's statements that raised a question as to whether the Democrat-controlled Senate was, in fact, committed to the security of America--the Senator from Texas said: Understand, he was not referring to the war on Iraq. He was only referring to this bill, the Department of Homeland Security.  Well, I am glad the Senator from Texas made the distinction. But it does not allay my fears that what we have emerging is partisanship when it comes to the security of America and the rhetoric that is coming out of the campaign forces, the campaign machine of the White House. It is no comfort to me to be told: Oh, they are just questioning your patriotism when it comes to the war on terrorism, not on the war on Iraq. I am sorry, that is unacceptable.  When September 11 occurred last year, President Bush did not even have to make the appeal to Congress. Within hours, Congress came together on a bipartisan basis. We came together and not only sang ``God Bless America,'' we also came together, within a few days, to give this President the authority and resources he needed to wage the war on terrorism.  There was never any question that this Nation would stand together--Democrats, Republicans, and Independents--and we did, as did Capitol Hill. We have stood with this President.  For those who are trying to fire up the campaign rhetoric for this coming election, questioning the patriotism of anyone in the Senate who would even offer an amendment to the Department of Homeland Security bill goes too far. Whether this questioning of patriotism is over the war on terrorism or the war on Iraq, it is entirely inappropriate. It is an afront to the many veterans in this Senate on both sides. It is an afront to many of us who believe this country is something we hold dear, and who try, in every single vote we cast, to keep that in mind.  