President, let me at the outset commend my colleague, Senator Dodd. This was an amazingly difficult issue to tackle because when he decided to tackle it, America was in flames over the last Presidential election. There were strong feelings among Democrats and Republicans about the outcome of that election and the decision of the Supreme Court. In America, it seemed for weeks that there were abuses of the election, and we heard charges and countercharges. Frankly, I think the Senator stepped in where angels fear to tread and came up with an excellent piece of legislation which I am more than happy to cosponsor. In fact, I am proud to cosponsor it.  I commend the Senator because I know this piece of legislation doesn't embody everything he wants nor everything the cosponsors want. But it is his best good-faith effort to put forward a bill which will significantly change and significantly improve elections across America. For that, I not only commend him but I think he has done a great public service to this Nation. The fact that several Republican Senators have stood up in support of this effort--I hope there will be many who will vote for it--is evidence that we can solve problems in America. And certainly the Senate should be in the forefront of solving the problem and basically making certain that the right of Americans to vote is protected.  The preamble to the bill we are considering today I really think says it all. The first finding of this bill says the right to vote is a fundamental, incontrovertible right under the Constitution. It goes on to spell out exactly what that means in terms of Congress's obligation once we have acknowledged that fundamental, incontrovertible right under the Constitution.  I think this bill in so many ways addresses that. It creates a commission to try to find more efficient and modern ways for fraud-free voting and that serve the American people.  The amendment I bring to the floor addresses an issue which I hope my colleagues will consider. The issue is this: If you decide to exercise your civic duty, you have listened to all the people exhorting you to get out and vote, that your vote counts, and you believe it in your heart and are willing to make a sacrifice of your time, and perhaps to leave your family or your job to go to the polling place and vote, the basic question in my mind is whether or not we are going to help in that circumstance, make certain that people have their chance to express their political will or whether we are going to put obstacles in their paths. There are already obstacles in the system. You have to register to vote. We want to try to eliminate as much fraud as possible when it comes to voter registration.  Of course, you have to follow the rules of voting when you turn up at the polling place or apply for your absentee ballot, which I did a few minutes ago at my desk here in Washington for our primary election in Illinois on March 19th. You have to follow the rules when it comes to voting and then put your ballot, as instructed, in the appropriate receptacle for it to be counted. That is the basic system for paper and punch card ballots, and a number of other systems do it differently.  But there was language added to this bill which troubles me greatly. The provision says when it comes to overvoting--in other words, when it comes to a situation where you have made a mistake, you have spoiled your ballot, you have voted, for example, twice for the same office--originally it was my intention and hope that we would say to a voter in that circumstance, if you made a mistake, to err is human; we will give you another chance to vote.  But language was inserted--the Senator from Missouri, Republican Senator from Missouri offered it--which says that we will make an exception when it comes to those errors and those mistakes in punchcard systems.  I need not remind you what punchcard systems are all about. With thephrase ``hanging chad,'' all the lexicon of the last election comes to mind immediately. In my home State of Illinois, in all but a few counties we use punchcard systems--not only in the city of Chicago but all across the State.  So you walk in there, and they give you this card that has all of these little windows on it. You go into your polling booth and put the matrix on top, which is the ballot. Then you punch the hole next to the candidate of your choice. I have come to learn, having been a lawyer in the State capitol for years and watching election contests, that when I finished voting I always lifted that ballot up to look for hanging chads to make sure that the numbers I punched corresponded with the names on the ballot. I think that is an extra effort, but I want my vote to count. I believe every American thinks the same way.  But when it came time to compromise on this bill, language was offered which said if you make a mistake in your voting in a punchcard precinct in America, we are not going to tell you about it; we are not going to notify you; we are not going to inform you. So the net result of that is a person who in good faith is trying to exercise their civic duty and their constitutional right to vote is discriminated against when it comes to whether they will be notified of mistakes.  We included paper ballots in this exception. I can understand the practical reason for that. If you have made a mistake on a paper ballot, you have to manually count the whole ballot in a polling place. You can't do that and preserve ballot confidentiality. That is not practical. That is not going to work. I understand that exception.  We also made an exception, primarily for the States of Washington and Oregon, and said because you have a system where everybody mails in their ballots, how in the world can we receive the ballots, count them, and send back the ones that are in error? It is practically impossible to make that work.  But look at the rest of the world and the rest of the United States. At least thirty-four percent of voters in America use the punchcard system. For the vast majority of those voters, we are saying if you have over-voted and spoiled your ballot, it is going to be thrown out and not counted, and we are not going to tell you. It is a ``gotcha'': You went in and did your best. But you didn't do good enough. Sorry. Go home and try again in 2 or 4 years.  I do not buy that. The premise of this bill is that the right to vote is a fundamental and incontrovertible right under the Constitution and we should do everything in our power to assist voters in exercising that right. How important is that?  There is a study I have had a chance to look at by Caltech and MIT called the Voting Technology Project. They go into an analysis of voting systems and people who have spoiled their ballots where they are not counted.  I will tell you that the No. 1 voting system for spoiled ballots in Presidential elections in America is the punchcard system, the very system for to which this bill creates an exception. Here we know that the most problematic voting system is the punchcard system, and we have said in this bill, that has pledged itself to protect the right of American's to vote, that we are not going to tell you in a punchcard system if you make a mistake: That's your problem, buddy; come around next year. I don't think that is right. Not only is it not right, but it destroys confidence in the process.  Let me give you some statistics which you might be interested in. This comes from the same study to which I am making reference.  Punchcards lose at least 50 percent more votes than optically scanned paper ballots. Punchcards have an average residual vote--a spoiled ballot--of 2.5 percent in Presidential elections and 4.7 percent for other offices. Over 30 million voters in America used punchcards in the year 2000 election. Had those voters used optical scanning, there would have been 300,000 more votes recorded in the 2000 Presidential election. In addition, 420,000 more votes would have been counted in Senate and gubernatorial elections.  Let me tell you that this strikes close to home. One hundred and twenty thousand of my constituents in the State of Illinois in the County of Cook went to the polls and cast their ballots in the November Presidential election of 2000 and had those ballots thrown out. They might as well have stayed home. They didn't vote for anybody. They thought they did. They took the time. They registered. They went to the polling place. They deliberated the candidates' names and made their choices, but they made a mistake. How can you make a mistake on a ballot? You saw the butterfly ballot in Florida. We all know what that looked like. Try to look at the right place to punch on that ballot. A lot of voters testified afterwards that they were totally confused by that ballot, and they have been prohibited and banned from use ever since. They might have voted for the wrong candidate. But in some situations, you would have someone come in to vote for Mr. Gore, or Mr. Bush, and would mistakenly write in their names in the write-in space at the bottom of the ballot, and the ballot would be tossed out. Any mistake in the process disenfranchises the voters.  That is why I hope this amendment will be accepted, because we are saying with this amendment that we value your vote however you vote in America. We understand the paper ballot problem. We understand the central-count, mail-in voting that occurs in Washington and Oregon. But for that situation, we are going to stand behind the voters and help them vote.  How big a problem is this in America? As I said, one of three voters is faced with a punchcard system, and that is what they have to live with. Also, how difficult is it to notify me that I have overvoted on my ballot? There is a simple little machine--we are going to have some of them in our State in the next election--called the PBC-2100. With these machines--no larger than a typewriter--you would finish voting on your punchcard, you would walk out of the booth, and in your own privacy, without the world looking in, push your ballot into the tabulating machine, and it would tell you whether you have a spoiled, voided ballot that is illegal and cannot be counted. You can then make a decision. You can say to the election judge: I did something wrong here. Tear this one up, and let me try again before I leave the polling place.  That is reasonable, and most States say: That is our standard. We do not want to trick people. We want to give them a chance.  But if you decide, for whatever reason--it is a spoiled ballot--I don't have time, I don't care, take it. That is your choice, too. But what we should do is let people know rather than putting them in this trick bag situation.  The thing that troubles me is that the jurisdictions that rely heavily on punchcards are jurisdictions which have had these systems in place for decades. In Illinois, I think it has been almost 40 years with a punchcard system. This was the state of the art back in the 1960s, the IBM punchcards. Well, the world has changed, but a lot of election jurisdictions do not have the money to change with it. So they are using the old system.  So where do you find these punchcard systems? You find them overwhelmingly used in, for example, inner-city areas, such as the city of Chicago, the city of St. Louis, Kansas City, and others. I should correct my statement. I am not certain that St. Louis and Kansas City have them. I can certainly speak for Illinois.  In these situations, you find that the overwhelming majority of African-American and Hispanic voters use punchcard systems, systems that are antiquated. As we know from Florida, with even the best of intentions, you may not get the result you want using a punchcard system.  So if you do not tell these voters they have made a mistake, you are basically disenfranchising them, or, to put it more moderately, you are stacking the deck against them, and not doing it for other election systems. That, to me, is unfair.  Let me just tell you the lay of the land in Illinois so you understand where I am coming from. We have a court order in Cook County which says that we will, in fact, look at all the punchcards to make sure, if there is an overvote, the voter is notified. I think that is fair. But, frankly, it should be fair across the board.  Cook County leans Democratic. We should say to the 101 other counties inIllinois, the same rules apply, the same law applies. Whether you are voting in a Republican-dominated county downstate or in a Democratic county, such as Cook County, the same rules should apply. That is what this amendment would say: Punchcard systems, whether in rural Republican areas or in Democratic inner-city areas, should be systems we can trust and count on.  We should accept our responsibility under this law to help the voter, not to make it more difficult. That is why I have offered this amendment.  I sincerely hope my colleagues following this debate will stop and reflect on what happened in America with the last Presidential election.  I can recall a cabdriver in Chicago. I asked him where he was from. He said: Africa.  I asked him: What do you do for a living besides driving a cab?  He said: I am an engineer. I am trying to make a living here in the United States.  We were in the middle of the Florida recount.  I asked him: What do you think about all this?  He said: In my home country, people would be killed in the streets over the dispute you are having in this Presidential election.  Thank God that never happened, and I hope it never does. But we know that, though there might not have been lives taken in the streets, a lot of people left that November 2000 Presidential voting experience with a bitter taste in their mouth. They thought the system of voting in America was not a friendly system, it was not a system dedicated to what we have called this ``incontrovertible constitutional right to vote.'' They thought it was a system that was designed to catch you if you didn't play by every single rule and go by every single instruction. If it caught you, it would disenfranchise you.  This amendment gets us back to establishing confidence again in a system that I think will say to all Americans: If you are in punchcard jurisdictions--and one out of three Americans is in a punchcard voting jurisdiction--we are going to help you make a decision so your vote will count. That is so basic. I think it really reflects the intention originally of the sponsor, Senator Dodd, in this legislation, that we make this commitment to the system.  I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (