Certainly this Bush White House will not. They won't bring this issue to the American people because they don't have much to tell us.  The news we have seen on the economy is well known. Take a look at what has happened in terms of the market value of those who own stocks, the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq, $4.5 trillion of lost stock market wealth between January 2001, when President Bush came to office, and August 2002. That, of course, represents not just a loss in stock market wealth, it is a loss of savings. It is a loss of college savings accounts for kids. It is a loss of pension plans, 401(k)s, and people making new plans with their lives because of the bottom falling out of the stock market.  Of course, last week we saw the Dow Jones crashing even further. The people in the Bush administration do not want to discuss this. They don't want to talk about turning this economy around. They want to talk about rallying troops.  Let's rally the American people to get the economy back on its feet. Let the President give us 1 hour a week talking about what we can do to try to get this economy moving forward again.  This stock market decline is a new record. If you look at the sharpest percentage decline in the Standard & Poor's 500, only Herbert Hoover has a worse record than President George W. Bush. Herbert Hoover in the Great Depression saw the stock market decline by 30 percent. So far, under President George W. Bush we have seen a decline of 21 percent--historic declines. It is no wonder the President does not want to discuss this.  Look as well at what workers are facing who still are on the job. The cost of health insurance has inflated dramatically since the President came to office: family coverage, 16 percent; individual coverage, 27 percent.  The biggest single complaint I have heard from businesses, labor unions, and individuals in the State of Illinois: the cost of health insurance. Senator, what are you going to do about it? The honest answer is that this Congress has done nothing about it, nor has the President proposed anything significant.  When we consider the issues we should be about, national security is No. 1, I agree, but it is not the only issue facing America. We need to discuss issues of pension security and income security and health care security and the future of Social Security. Those are issues American families worry about every single day. We in the Senate should worry about them as well.  I yield to the Senator from North Dakota.  