President, I want to make a comment about the second-degree amendment that is pending. I want to commend my colleague, the Senator from Kentucky.  Last night, at the close of the session, there was an amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from Texas. Now remember, this bill is about corporate misconduct. This is about corporate corruption. Last night, they decided we ought to expand the jurisdiction and scope of this debate to include reforming labor unions.  I have followed Enron, WorldCom, and others very closely and do not recall ever hearing anybody say the root cause of the problem of these corporations was labor unions. Thank goodness the Senate rejected that notion.  The Senator from Kentucky comes back tonight and says, no, it is not just labor unions, it is the fees paid to lawyers; that is the problem. When you are dealing with corporate corruption, it is the fees paid to lawyers, contingency fee contracts, and class actions.  I was stopped cold when I heard this amendment being described to try to understand what this has to do with making certain that criminal misconduct by corporate officers will result in time in jail. I do not get the connection. Perhaps the Senator from Kentucky can help me understand this. How does the issue of attorney's fees relate to corporate misconduct and corporate corruption?  I am sorry he cannot join us in this debate to respond, but I say to my colleagues I am beginning to get the distinct impression that the other side of the aisle is trying to change the subject on us. I do not think they want to talk about wrongdoing in corporate boardrooms and what we can do to restore confidence.  Yesterday, the President used the bully pulpit and turned the bears loose on Wall Street. Today, we had another dip in the stock market. We had better get honest. We had better get real. We had better make some real changes in the law to bring honesty in transactions with major businesses if we want to restore America's confidence in business dealings and bring people back to the stock market and get this economy back on track and give people a chance to save for their retirement. That is what this is all about.  Somehow or another the other side of the aisle wants us to veer off now and talk about attorney's fees. I do not get the connection, and I urge my colleagues to take a close look at this long amendment and try to join me in divining what they are trying to achieve other than to perhaps change the subject.  I yield the floor.  