President, I thank the majority whip from Nevada for his unanimous consent request. I appreciate the opportunity to be here to speak on this issue which is so critical to the future of America.  Let me begin by commending the Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Bingaman, as well as our majority leader, Senator Daschle, for bringing this bill to the floor and keeping a promise that they would. We have been challenged for more than a year by the Bush administration and by Republicans in the Senate to bring an energy bill forward. Senator Daschle made it clear he would do that. But for a delay in the previous bill on election reform, it might have taken place as early as last week. He certainly kept his word.  I thought it was interesting that some of those from the other side of the aisle came to the Chamber and actually criticized the process. If I understand their argument, they think we brought it to the floor too fast. They think it should have gone through committee, should have been subject to a lot of amendments and changes. Quite honestly, if you look at the precedent of what has happened in the Senate, Senators Daschle and Bingaman have brought this bill to the Senate in the same manner the Republican leadership did 2 years ago.  They have given ample opportunity for amendments and debate. That is the way it should be. I have always felt that in a legislative body, you give it your best argument and present it to your colleagues and have a vote and move on, ultimately to final passage. I hope that is what happens with this important bill.  This is the fourth time we have debated energy policy in America since 1973. The last time was 10 years ago. When you look at what has happened to us in recent times, you can understand how timely this debate is: We faced spikes in oil prices in the spring of 1999 due to an OPEC decision to reduce production; the winter of 1999-2000 home heating problems caused by a combination of unexpected weather, depleted supply, and rising costs; gasoline price spikes in the Midwest in the summer of 2000; rolling blackouts in California in early 2001 marked the first deliberate energy cutoff since World War II.  These events were set against the backdrop of strong economic growth in the mid to late 1990s; increases in energy consumption to keep this economy moving forward; deregulation; advances in efficiency; and evolving defense and foreign policy.  As we debate this issue, our attention is focused to that part of the world again that is the source of a great portion of our energy. We have to understand that this debate is taking place in the context of an American dependence on foreign oil. I believe it is naive to think that in the near term we will be completely independent when it comes to energy sources. I wish I could say otherwise. Even with our best efforts, we are going to have to rely on some imported fuel.  I hope we can make progress in this bill in moving us forward toward less dependence on foreign energy sources. The way we approach that is the crux of this debate.  On the other side, the Bush administration and many Republicans--not all but many--in Congress believe that production is the way to answer this. They think if we can just find sources of production that are adequate, we can take care of America's future energy needs. I won't quarrel with the math, but I will quarrel with the policy.  I do have to question whether or not we want to embark on a policy that really focuses on the production of energy as the foundation and cornerstone of our energy policy. That, in my point of view, is thinking that dates back to the last century and before. We should be thinking in smarter terms about ways to not only create energy but to conserve energy in a fashion that is not only going to give us energy, move us toward energy independence, but is also kind to our environment.  That is the second half of this equation. It is not just about our economy and energy as the fuel for the economy, but the impact of our use of energy on the environment we live in, the air we breathe, the streams and rivers that may be polluted, as well as the whole question of whether or not we are going to for once invade some wilderness areas to try to drill for oil and gas.  Let me summarize what the bill says, as has been mentioned in the course of the debate. It tries to address ensuring adequate and affordable supplies of energy from renewable sources as well as oil, gas, coal, and nuclear. This element of the bill is important to speak about for a moment.  This bill creates goals and incentives to increase the amount of U.S. electricity produced from renewable energy sources.  This is an area of great potential in the United States. We are seeing, for example, alternative and renewable fuels being used to a greater extent in some parts of our country than others. California is an example. I am told that 12 to 13 percent of the electricity generated in California comes from renewable sources. Those include a lot of things--geothermal, wind power, and others. We should really embark, as part of this bill, on a national policy of encouraging these renewable sources. They not only lessen dependence on foreign energy source, but they are also kind to the environment. Solar, wind, geothermal, and biomass are all mentioned in the bill as avenues for us to explore in the use of renewable energy sources. We also need a renewable portfolio standard to increase the amount of renewable energy provided by electricity retailers.  Let me show you a chart that talks about renewable sources for electricity consumption. If we do nothing, the lower line here represents the current renewable sources in America as a per average total. You see it is slightly more than 2.5 percent. This bill moves us forward. By 2020, we are at least over 10 percent. We will debate, in the course of this bill, an amendment by Senator Jeffords which would even have us at a higher level as a commitment to renewable energy sources. This makes sense, it is an important debate, and it will change our way of approaching energy--but change it in an environmentally sensible way.  We also need to expand the amount of ethanol and biodiesel used in motor vehicles. This bill does it. It triples the amount that is going to be used in America during the life of the bill. That is a big issue where I live because, living in the farm belt and being in an area that is considered, I guess, the ``OPEC of ethanol,'' we really have major ethanol production. But the good news is there are other areas in the country that are currently opening up ethanol production facilities.  Ethanol, of course is an alcohol fuel derived from grain, primarily from corn. It is a fuel that is kind to the environment. It reduces pollution and helps our farmers. I do have some bias, representing a farm State such as Illinois, but more demand for ethanol is going to create higher farm prices for corn and reduce the need for Federal expenditures in the farm program. It is a winning proposition.  I am really proud that this bill focuses on ethanol and biodiesel and makes a serious national commitment to expanding it to 5 billion gallons by 2012. We expedite the construction of the pipeline to bring natural gas from Alaska to the lower 48. This doesn't involve the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR). It is a pipeline already in areas that have been vetted to be economically acceptable, environmentally acceptable, and it doesn't go into the wilderness areas. We increase funds to speed up the permitting of new domestic oil and gas production.  I have heard executives from oil companies tell me: You don't need to go to ANWR; there are plenty of places that are environmentally sound in the United States to turn to. ANWR is in this debate because a lot of companies have invested a lot of money in ANWR. They are being protected by some in this Chamber who want to make sure they capitalize on that investment. We ought to think twice about that, and I will address that in a moment.  The bill extends permanent authority to fill and operate the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. This is a reserve of petroleum that is available in emergency circumstances to the United States. I think it is important to fill it and have it on hand when needed. You never know when you are going to face an interruption in supply. The bill also invests in Research and Development in all fuels. That is when we exhaust the discussion of ensuring the diversity of energy supplies.  We now move to the question of improving efficiency and productivity of energy transmission and use. I learned, by my experience in my home area, in central Illinois, how important the national grid is to electricity. There is a lot that needs to be done to upgrade this grid and make certain it is really national in scope, so consumers can know they have reliable sources for energy supplies.  This bill--this legislation on the Democratic side--protects reliability of the interstate electric grid and removes barriers to adding to the electric infrastructure. It will provide consumers with more transparent information and better information on energy choices. It requires higher fuel efficiency in future Federal purchases of automobiles and other vehicles and greater energy efficiency in Federal buildings. It helps State and local governments save energy in public schools and public housing. It sets new efficiency standards for commercial and consumer products, including an increase in central air-conditioning efficiency by 30 percent, and enhancements to the Energy Star Program, to improve product label information. It increases funding for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) to help low-income families make their homes more energy efficient.  I have seen the importance of this program firsthand. I just left Chicago, which I am proud to represent in the Senate, where the weather was cold--zero degrees on Sunday night, with the wind chill bringing it down below zero by about 22 degrees. I thought of all the people who are living in homes that are not adequately heated. I have visited some of those homes and have seen people struggling to keep their babies warm in a frigid atmosphere. LIHEAP provides the basic necessities of home heating and cooling. It also helps low-income families make homes more energy efficient, and it is particularly important for senior citizens.  Other things are part of this bill, but I want to move to one particular element that I think is very important for us to discuss, and that is the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standard. I was visited earlier today by one of my close friends in the labor movement, who came to me and urged that I oppose any increase in the fuel efficiency standards, fuel economy standards for automobiles and other vehicles in America. I really struggled in trying to understand his point of view, but to put it in the context of what I think is an important element in this debate, the way I see it is this. In 1975, we made a decision in America to basically double the fuel efficiency of cars to 27.5 miles per gallon, and to do that by 1985--a 10-year project.  At the time it was proposed--and I have seen quotes from the debate--automobile manufacturers said it was physically impossible, it could not be achieved without laying off auto workers across America, and that technologically we were going to sacrifice the safety of cars in an effort to try to put this new fuel economy standard in place.  Well, we did it. We did it by 1985, and we are better off for it. Think of the level of our dependence on energy today had we not initiated that discussion in 1975.  But since 1985, we have been absolutely stuck in the mud when it comes to improving these fuel economy standards. If we don't take the issue of fuel efficiency seriously as part of this energy debate, Congress should not betaken seriously, because if we cannot improve the efficiency of vehicles in our country, frankly, all of the technology we have demonstrated throughout our history is for nothing. I think we have the capacity to do it.  I have to tell you that it is some source of embarrassment to me that, time and again, we are two steps behind automobile manufacturers overseas--particularly those in Japan--when it comes to new technology for automobiles and other vehicles, to make them cleaner and safer. There is absolutely no excuse. We have the greatest engineers in the world. We have great minds in Detroit and other places. Why are we always two steps behind? Why would Honda and Toyota be the first companies to the market with these hybrid automobiles that offer 60 to 70 miles per gallon, while Detroit is still in a concept car and they hope by next year they might be able to offer the first vehicle?  During the Clinton administration, President Clinton and Vice President Gore said: We are prepared to basically look the other way on antitrust enforcement to give the Big Three automakers a chance to sit down, work together, and come out with a fuel-efficient car. This was the common complaint: Oh, we could do it, but as soon as we talked to one another, the Department of Justice would be on our backs. The Clinton-Gore administration said: Have no fear. Move forward.  Nothing happened. We sit here today still looking for that breakthrough in automobile technology. Quite honestly, this bill is going to move us forward in terms of fuel economy. I am going to support it. I hope to explain to my friends in labor as well as those working for the Big Three that if we don't include fuel efficiency and fuel economy in this bill, this bill is not worth the effort. If we don't do this, we are going to find ourselves continuing to be dependent on finding new sources of fossil fuels around the world and in the United States.  We are conceding the fact we are going to be so hungry for oil to fuel these gas guzzler cars on the highways that we are prepared to drill almost anywhere. Already some are saying: Let's go into wilderness areas in Alaska; we have no place else to turn. What is next? The Mall? Central Park? Yosemite?  Frankly, we have to look at our responsibility in this country as part of this debate. It is a mistake to believe we can sit here and tell the American people that we can be more fuel efficient and have a sensible energy policy that will not involve their commitment and their sacrifice.  If we look at the highways of America 10 years from now and see cars like today, or even bigger vehicles, we have failed. We have failed because, frankly, we are conceding that there is absolutely nothing we can do in energy policy that will change the habits and tastes of Americans and move us toward a more responsible course.  In this time when we are waging war and Americans are being killed overseas because of terrorism, when we are focusing on the Middle East and its instability, is it too much to ask the people of this country to join us in a collective discussion and debate about what we can do as individuals, businesses, and families to come up with more efficient vehicles? I do not think it is.  Americans are prepared to sacrifice with the right leadership if they believe the goals are right and honest. I believe these goals are. More fuel efficiency for our vehicles means less dependence on foreign energy sources and less pollution.  Let me give a comparison about what conservation means as opposed to some of the alternatives that have been suggested. This is a chart which I think tells an interesting story. Take a look at what this bill does in terms of saving millions of barrels per day of petroleum. In the industrial and home efficiency savings of this bill, look at the savings from the current debate time, 2002, to the year 2030. There is a substantial increase in the industrial and home efficiency savings area that brings us ultimately to a savings of millions of barrels per day. The largest part is in vehicle savings.  In other words, taking the basic elements of this bill, these are the millions of barrels we will save per day with the fuel efficiency of the Bingaman-Daschle bill. There are those who say we do not need to do that; what we really need to do is drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, a wilderness area.  