President, I rise to offer this amendment that will establish a Consumer Energy Commission. It is a pretty simple amendment; yet I think it has the potential to be of great benefit to families and businesses across America.  I am pleased that the Senate is turning to this debate on the energy bill to address our Nation's energy challenges. This debate really marks the first time that Congress has taken up the whole question of energy since 1992. As we consider the elements of this important topic, let us not forget what has happened to energy in our country during the last decade. One word you will often hear to describe energy during the past decade--especially in the last few years--is the word ``crisis.'' The California electricity experience has been cast in the terms of a crisis. Many point to Enron as an indication of problems in our energy policy.  While we may disagree with the extent of the energy crisis, as well as ways to address it, I think we can all appreciate the fact that one energy challenge our Nation faces is the price spike that consumers face in so many of our energy sources.  Let's take an example of gasoline. We all know when you buy gasoline in America, prices fluctuate widely at the pump. We are seeing some of the highest prices now in the Midwest that we have seen in a year. Gasoline is reported at $1.60 a gallon in some areas, and it is even higher in others. This has become what I characterize in my part of the world as the ``Easter phenomenon.'' This is the third straight year when we have seen, at about Easter time, the price of gasoline spiking across the Midwest, sometimes over $2 a gallon, and even higher from those who are exploiting and ripping off consumers and businesses.  The administration's energy policy indeed cites the dramatic increases in gasoline prices as one of the challenges we face. The Consumer Federation of America and Public Citizen have also called attention to energy price spikes, explaining American consumers spent roughly $40 billion more on gasoline in the year 2000 than the year 1999. In the spring of 2000, the cost of gasoline in Chicago shot up to $2.13 a gallon, well above the unusually high national average of $1.67 per gallon at that time.  Gasoline is not the only energy product for which consumers have had to pay dramatically fluctuating costs in recent years. Residential heating oil, residential natural gas, commercial natural gas, industrial natural gas, and motor gasoline have all had fluctuating prices, dramatically fluctuating over the last 15 years.  I can recall a year or so ago my wife called me at my apartment in Washington on Capitol Hill. She lives back in Springfield, IL. She called me and said: Senator? And I knew I was in trouble when she said that.  I said: What is it?  She said: I just got the heating bill on our house. What is going on here?  The natural gas prices had gone through the roof. Every home across the Midwest saw it. Some people could afford to pay it--we could--and others could not. We are seeing that more and more. Consumers are saying: I can understand prices going up here and down there, but why these wild price fluctuations?  If we break down the numbers on a month-to-month basis, we can see incredible price spikes. In the matter of 1 month, the national average price of gasoline jumped by 20 cents a gallon, residential heating oil rose by 10 cents a gallon, and residential natural gas led with 50 cents per 1,000 cubic feet.  In some sectors of the economy, price spikes were greater and had a more drastic impact. Home heating and cooling bills crippled family budgets in the Midwest and Northeast.  It is not just a matter of residences, homes, and families. Farmers, small businesses, and industries dependent on natural gas for the production of fertilizer, chemical products, and other services and products suffered economically.  I can recall trucking businesses coming to me when the price of gasoline was fluctuating out of control in the Midwest and saying: We have to lay off people; there is no way we can keep this business going.  For a month or two at a time while this was happening, people were on the unemployment rolls, if they were lucky. Some of them were just out of work, trying to keep their families together, not because they were not willing to work hard or have a business but because one of the commodities of that business was fluctuating out of control.  There is a way to demonstrate these problems. Let me demonstrate on this chart some of the fluctuation of prices. This chart shows motor gasoline retail prices from 1999 to the end of 2001. You will see the cost per gallon across America, U.S. city averages. Imagine starting back in January 1999, the cost per gallon was around 95 cents a gallon. Look at the spring of the year 2001. The price is up to $1.60. There is a fluctuation in price from 95 cents a gallon to $1.60 per gallon.  To some it is a pinch on their pocketbook. To a business that has to meet a bottom line, that kind of fluctuation means: I can't put as many trucks on the road or hire as many people for our messenger service. We have to cut back on employment. This shows the price spikes that consumers have been faced with over that 2-year period.  Let me show another chart: heating oil prices by region, and we can see the wild spikes. The cost per gallon in January 1996 was about $1 a gallon. Then we saw this price spike to about $1.50 a gallon in January of the year 2000, and then it dips and spikes again.  Is this the natural operation of a market economy or is it something else? That is the question I have asked time and again. I understand supply and demand. I passed that course in my sophomore year in college, not with a great grade but a good one. I understand what the market economy is all about, supply and demand, but it struck me as odd that year after year with great repetition we would see gasoline prices go skyrocketing for a matter of weeks and months during certain periods of the year.  That is why I brought this amendment to the floor. I think we can address the chronic national problem of significant energy price fluctuations, and we ought to do it by putting together a commission that is balanced.  Whenever we get into debates about these price fluctuations, people say: We are going to get the captains of industry and Government heads of agencies and they are going to come together and talk this through. I thought to myself: Isn't it interesting these people talk about a problem that does not touch them personally as families, individuals, small businesses, and farmers. Why are we not bringing consumers into this discussion? Why shouldn't they be part of this analysis to make sure the market truly is working and nothing else is involved?  That is why I am offering an amendment to establish the Consumer Energy Commission. This would be an 11-member Commission which would bring together bipartisan appointees and representatives from consumer groups, energy industries, and the Department of Energy to study the causes of energy price spikes and make recommendations on how to avert them.  It is true the Federal Trade Commission took a look at the gasoline price spikes in the Midwest recently. Indeed, a lot of studies have investigated potential abuses of market power in the energy industry. I salute Carl Levin of Michigan who serves with me on the Governmental Affairs Committee. He is having a hearing very soon looking into the specific problems that have hit the Midwest.  Other studies have looked at long-range supply and demand projections for energy products, but previous studies have tended to focus on a small setof issues and on the perspective of big industry or big Government. I think the best approach is not to look at these issues narrowly but consider the big picture and, in particular, from the consumer's point of view.  We need to give consumers a voice and opportunity to participate in this process. When consumers pay their grocery bills or tuition bills for their kids or even their residential utility bills in most States, and when businesses pay for raw materials and supplies, prices are usually rather predictable. But when they pay for heating and cooling, natural gas, gasoline for trucks and autos, families and businesses face the frustrating reality of wild price swings.  We need to bring consumers to the table with representatives of the energy industry and Government to study these price spikes. We need these groups to work collectively to consider a range of possible causes of energy price spikes. We need them to look at both the supply and the demand side, including such potential causes as maintenance of inventory, delivery of supply, consumption behavior, implementation of efficiency technologies, and export-import patterns.  After the Consumer Energy Commission studies energy price spikes comprehensively, its charge will be to develop options for ways we can avert and mitigate these terrible price spikes.  These recommendations can range from legislative and administrative actions to voluntary industry and consumer actions that can help protect consumers from the fluctuating cost of energy products.  This Commission will be well balanced, not only to reflect all groups with a stake in energy price spikes but also to reflect both political parties. No commission has ever before brought together such a diverse group to study such a complex problem in a comprehensive way. No commission has ever promised to see things from the perspective of consumers, families, and businesses that routinely face energy price spikes.  The Consumer Energy Commission is long overdue, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  