President, I again thank my colleague from the State of Nevada. Let me explain for a moment what the issue is before us so those who are not familiar with it can come to understand it. O'Hare is pretty well known across America. It is our busiest airport. In the year 2001, despite September 11, it turned out to have more flights and passengers than virtually any airport in America.  But O'Hare is an airport that was designed and built in 1959, 43 years ago, with an anticipated annual volume of 20 million passengers. It now has some 67 million passengers annually. The runways that were designed in 1959 were designed to standards and expectations of that era--standards and expectations that have changed dramatically.  What we have seen in 43 years is larger planes, more frequent flights, changes in air traffic control. All of these have challenged O'Hare and every airport in the country to modernize. But O'Hare has been stuck with the same runway configuration now for over 40 years.  Part of it has to do with politics because in my State of Illinois the Governor has the final word when it comes to the construction of airports. Politically, it meant that a Democratic mayor of Chicago and a Republican mayor from some other part of our State would rarely find common ground or agreement on the future of O'Hare. But last year, there was finally a breakthrough. Gov. George Ryan, a Republican, and Mayor Richard Daley of Chicago, a Democrat, came to an agreement about how to change O'Hare, modernize it, improve it, and make it safer. Many people thought it could not occur, but it did happen, and because of that decision and because of that agreement we now have a chance to make that airport modern and safe by 21st century standards.  Some say that seems to be obvious. Who would object to it? It turns out that a handful of communities around O'Hare naturally are concerned about the prospects of changing flight patterns or expanding service to that airport. They would object, as one might expect.  The elected officials in that area created a coalition to oppose these changes at O'Hare. My colleague in the Senate, the junior Senator from Illinois, has announced his opposition to any plans to change O'Hare. I understand that. But there comes a moment in time when you have to say: What is in the best interests of our entire State? What is in the best interests of the region? What is in the best interests of the Nation?  I think what the people of Illinois have said in overwhelming numbers is they believe this historic agreement is in our best interests. We have the support, as I mentioned earlier, of the National Chamber of Commerce, the Illinois State Chamber of Commerce, the National AFL-CIO, the Illinois State AFL-CIO, the Airline Pilots Association, the air traffic controllers, generalaviation, virtually all major airlines. They have all signed onto this.  So as some might suggest, this is a unanimous opinion of the experts in aviation that this plan moving forward makes sense.  Of course, every item in the planned agreement between the Governor and the mayor would be subject to the same types of scrutiny and restriction as any other airport design. What I have here is the report of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, which presents this bill, S. 2039, to the Senate. They make it clear here in precise language:       Nothing in the bill guarantees any funding for the O'Hare      or Peotone project, or mandates that a specific set of runway      configurations be approved, as the FAA retains all its      existing discretion to analyze, review, and, if all relevant      tests are met, approve the O'Hare project.  They go on to to say:       The FAA has discretion to modify the plan, if necessary,      for efficiency, safety, or other concerns.  It says of the bill that it:       Requires any redesign plan to conform with the Clean Air      Act and to conform with all other environmental mandates to      the maximum extent possible, while requiring the State use      its customarily practices to analyze any Clean Air Act      requirements.  And it goes on to say this bill:       Provides no Federal priority for federal funding of any      O'Hare projects, including the runway design plan.  My colleague will stand up here and tell you what I said is a lie; it is not true. But what I put before you is the report of his committee, which says in black and white that the FAA has the last word. The FAA can reject it. The FAA can say this runway plan will not work. He can stand here, as he has repeatedly, and say those words are not true. I stand behind the committee, his committee, and the report they have given to the Senate.  I think what they have said is true because I wrote the bill and I know what is in it. When the Senator from Illinois offered an amendment in committee and said: I want to make sure the FAA has the last word, we said we will take the amendment. We accept it. Still, it is not enough.  It has really come down to the point where it will never be enough when it comes down to what my colleague is asking for in this bill.  We have a situation where we have 61 Senators here who have signed onto a letter to the leadership, saying they are prepared to move forward on this bill. I can tell you an additional two Senators this week have told me they are prepared to support this as well. Another 10 Senators on the Republican side of the aisle have said they will support it when it comes to a vote. So the vote will be substantial.  The question before us, though, is when and where this will take place. The Senator from Illinois, my colleague, has made it clear by his objection that he is prepared to filibuster this bill. He has said as much--in Illinois and here in Washington. It is no great surprise.  But some of my colleagues in the Senate have said: Oh, no, he won't do that; when it is all over, he is going to bring it up and offer his amendments and take a vote and then it will all be over.  I said: No, I don't think so. Let's go ahead and make this unanimous consent request so it is clear on the record his intention and design to lead this to a filibuster, and I think we have done that today. In the course of doing that, I think what we have established is that we have to find whatever appropriate means are available, working to bring this issue for a vote in the Senate.  I am prepared to accept the decision of the Senate on this issue. I think that is why we are elected to this body, to bring our best ideas forward and say to the assembled Senators: We hope you will support us. If you do not, then it is understood we have lost our day, our opportunity. But I think now, in the best interests of safety at O'Hare, hundreds of thousands of jobs in our State, and the best interests of business in the region, that we should pass this bill as quickly as possible.  