 Let me, first, give accolades to the Senators from Montana and Iowa, Mr. Baucus and Mr. Grassley, for their hard work on this underlying legislation. This is not an easy issue. It is an issue that is extremely complicated. It is one I know they have devoted their efforts to in a very good-faith way for a long period of time.  I disagree with one of the fundamental principles of their bill, and that is why I am offering the amendment. I hope during the course of this debate to engage my colleagues in a discussion about their vision of trade and the difference between the Baucus-Grassley bill and the Durbin amendment.  There are some Senators who will come to the floor to discuss the trade issue but have never voted for a trade agreement in their entire congressional careers. That is their right. They are representing people in States and parts of the country that obviously concur with that point of view. But that is not my position.  In my time that I have served in the House and Senate, I have voted for trade agreements--some of the most important, some of the biggest. I believe they have been in the best interest of the United States, though, clearly, they have brought both gain and pain to parts of the American economy.  I have voted for NAFTA. As a Democrat in the House of Representatives voting for NAFTA, I heard a lot about that vote. I think it was the right vote. I think history will prove it. But I do not dispute for a moment that the agreement with Canada and Mexico has caused pain within our economy. Yet I think it reflects the end of the 20th century and the beginning of the 21st century where, more and more, countries are engaged in trade in an effort to not only share their comparative advantage in making a product but also to share certain values.  When we look at the course of history, we in the United States believe that if you can combine democracy with an open market economy, you can strive for a winning combination.  Expanding trade goes hand in glove with disseminating and distributing the values of America. That is why I have supported many of these trade agreements. Yet I have had difficulty with the concept before us today.  This was once known as fast track. Now it is known as trade promotion authority. In my time on Capitol Hill, I have learned this: When you have to change the name of a program consistently, it is because the program is not very popular. If there is a program that is popular, such as Pell grants for college students, nobody has suggested changing the name. But in this case, fast-track authority was such a pejorative term that now in Congress its proponents have been banned from using it. Instead, they are supposed to talk about trade promotion authority. That tells me that the underlying concept is fraught with controversy. It should be.  At issue in this debate--I will go to the specifics in a moment--is a most fundamental question for the Senate to consider. What is at issue is the power of the Senate and Congress under the Constitution and the protection of the rights and future of American businesses and labor. What we are being asked to do with this bill is to extend to a President, not just this President but future Presidents, a very significant authority. It is not only the authority to negotiate broad-ranging trade agreements. It is the authority to bring back those agreements, propose significant changes to U.S. law, and require Congress to approve those changes on an up-or-down vote.  This bill, the trade promotion authority, is going to tie the hands of Congress when it comes to considering trade agreements in the future with consequences that I believe could be substantial and even historic.  This bill represents the most significant giveaway of congressional authority to the President in modern memory. Presidents throughout history have resisted congressional intrusion in their realm of government, in areas as fundamental as the declaration of war, treaty agreements with foreign nations, and the power to advise and consent. The tension between the executive branch, the President, and the legislative branch, Congress, has historically resulted in a confrontation at these desks.  I am in the process of slowly reading an amazing book called ``The Master of the Senate'' by Robert Caro. It is his third volume in the biography of Lyndon Johnson, former President, Vice President, majority leader of the Senate, and Member of the House. I am reading it slowly because I appreciate it so much.  In the first 100 pages, Robert Caro, with painstaking precision, goes through the history of this body. He starts by referring to a moment when he sat in one of our galleries and looked down at the semicircles of desks and reflected on what was going on in this Chamber, not just on that day but in the history of the United States, since we have been in the new Chamber of the Senate.  The thing he noted was the role of the Senate, the preeminent role of the Senate in decisionmaking in America. If you take a look at our Constitution closely, Presidents come and go. The House of Representatives changes every 2 years. But in the Senate only a third of the membership stands for reelection every 2 years. The Senate is a continuing body under the Constitution with rules that are not abandoned, ratified again, but rules that continue time and time again.  Because of the continuous nature of the Senate and its role in Congress, it has played a most important role in terms of power in the United States. The Senate more than any other institution is a check on the power of the President. The Senate is where the President's power may stop, when a decision is made by a majority here that he has gone too far.  Presidents don't like that. There isn't a President who has ever served who wanted to go hat in hand to the Senate. In the same book, Caro talks about Teddy Roosevelt who, when he was elected President--first appointed, then elected President--came to a position where he was pushing through patronage positions without clearing it with the Senate. They came down on him like a ton of bricks. He came up to the Senate, this bully leader of the United States, and was humbled by the Senate and its leadership and worked with them very closely from that point forward.  Historically, the Senate has played that key role with trade promotion authority. We are saying this generation of Senators, this U.S. Congress is going to give power back to the President--our power, our authority, our responsibility. We are saying that when this President negotiates a trade agreement, we will not stand in judgment of that trade agreement in its specifics but only an up-or-down, yes-or-no vote.  That, to me, is a significant constitutional and historic decision. It is the reason that though I have voted in the past repeatedly for globalization and expanding trade and looking for new markets, I have resisted fast track and trade promotion authority because I cannot believe that a Senate in good conscience would walk away from its constitutional authority.  The President makes the argument: Of course, you know these trade agreements are very complicated, and if you expect me to have to answer to the American people through the Senate for each and every provision, I will never reach a trade agreement.  Excuse me, if you look at the history of the United States, many treaties which we have considered and were pretty complicated--I think of Woodrow Wilson and the League of Nations; I think about the treaties relating to proliferation of nuclear weapons--were very complicated, but they came to the floor of the Senate. Historically, trade agreements came to the floor of the Senate, and we walked through them.  Why do we want to do that? I represent a diverse State, strong in farming, manufacturing, and financial services. Certainly, when a trade agreement comes to the floor of the Senate, as a Senator from Illinois, I want to step back and look at these areas of the economy and how that President's idea of a good trade agreement actually has an impact on the jobs and the businesses of my State. I think that is part of my responsibility. Yet the trade promotion authority bill before us says the Senate is going to give away this authority.  We are being asked to surrender the authority of the Congress to ratify trade agreements. This has been a dream of every President in our history and, of course, this President could negotiate a trade agreement with broad and far-reaching implications for farmers, workers, and businesses across the Nation without fear of scrutiny or close review by Congress.  Instead, our role would be limited, our constitutional authority constrained to an up-or-down vote, a take-it-or-leave-it vote. Why? As the President said, they do not want Congress to meddle; they do not want Congress to interfere; they do not want Congress to delay. I believe that is wrong.  Let me tell my colleagues specifically why I think we should consider this approach I am suggesting as an amendment to the underlying bill.  The Baucus-Grassley bill does not clearly delineate the authority they are asking the Senate to give to the President and to future Presidents. Further, this legislation sidesteps many of today's key challenges in such a way that will diminish America's chances to negotiate solid trade agreements with other nations which would benefit our workers, farmers, and businesses.  The process of economic integration across borders, often referred to as globalization, is the defining economic event of our era. Globalization has had and continues to have fundamental transformative economic, political, and social consequence, and it is undergoing a revolution as profound as interstate commerce in the United States a century ago.  There has been a dramatic increase in the volume and value of trade. The number of countries participating in the international trade arena has mushroomed from 23 in 1947 to 111 10 years ago, to very likely 170 or more before this decade is completed.  Trade expansion now involves China, Vietnam, Russia, and many countries with different traditions and different economic structures than the United States. Major developing countries such as Brazil, Korea, India, Singapore, even South Africa, no longer compete in trade primarily in raw materials, agricultural products, or light manufactured goods. They also compete in steel, automobiles, electronics, and services such as telecommunications and software.  Trade is not only far different in its quantity but also in its quality. We have progressed beyond the relatively uncomplicated world of tariffs reflecting the success of the GATT in the first 50 years in addressing most international trade barriers.  We have now even moved beyond the challenges of many basic nontariff barriers and have entered an era in which trade policy includes a full range of policy laws and regulations that used to be considered exclusively or primarily domestic policy, including domestic agricultural programs, antitrust law, food safety, telecommunications, natural resources, conservation, labor standards, insurance regulation, and the intersection of effective protection of intellectual properties with health policy. Trade policy directly impacts domestic policy, and domestic policy impacts trade policy in ways that have far-reaching implications on our negotiating trade agreements and the legislation of domestic policy.  It is precisely at this great time of great change and great challenge that it is most important for U.S. trade policy to reflect a real understanding of the substantive issues involved and be driven by sound guiding principles. Unfortunately, the bill before us does not rise to this challenge.  Let me show one chart which demonstrates what is happening in the area of trade negotiations just over the past 30 or so years.  In the Tokyo Round in 1979, we were focused on tariff levels and four or five other concerns, such as antidumping and government procurement.  In the Uruguay Round, just 15 years later, one can see we went beyond the tariff levels and those issues that were part of the Tokyo Round and started including specific items such as textiles and clothing, natural resource products, services, dispute settlement, intellectual property, trade-related investment measures, trade in agriculture, health and safety measures. This was 1994.  In 2001, in the WTO negotiations, one can see we have included all the things before from the Uruguay Round and added to that antitrust law, investment issues, pharmaceutical pricing, trade facilitation, electronic commerce, and many other issues.  The point I am trying to make is if one reads the history of the United States and the issue of trade, for over 150 years this Nation focused almost exclusively on tariffs--that is the tax that we will impose on imports coming into the United States--and some very heated and pitched battles resulted.  By 1979, we had gone beyond tariffs and four or five other issues. By 1994, we added many more issues. By 2001, all of a sudden a trade agreement becomes much more than questions about tariffs and taxes. We start talking about policy considerations as varied as pharmaceuticals to agriculture--across the board.  Giving the President the fast-track authority, trade promotion authority is saying to him: We are prepared to let you come to your best judgment with any country in the world when it comes to trade on all of these issues, and before you take your last stop in Congress and give us an up-or-down vote, we expect this is going to be ratified.  Congress is walking away from all of these issues and subjects of concern. I can tell my colleagues that as I get into this, they will realize we have not lost any of our fervor or interest in any of these issues. In fact, Members who come to the floor today will say: What about textiles? What about intellectual property? What about electronic commerce?  The fact is, if trade promotion authority passes as suggested by the Baucus-Grassley bill, we will have givenaway our constitutional right to be part of this debate. The best you get, Mr. Senator, is an up-or-down, take-it-or-leave-it vote. I believe this is moving us in the wrong direction.  Let me address two issues included in my amendment. The first is labor. The one thing I have noticed is this: Without fail, those who vote for it and those who even oppose it say the same thing about labor. Listen, I understand it may be cheaper to hire somebody in the Third World, in a developing country, to make a product, but shouldn't we as the United States, as part of a trade agreement, be encouraging some basic issues when it comes to labor overseas? Shouldn't we ask that both countries in a trade agreement have some basic dignity in their treatment of labor?  People say, sure, I understand that, and you get down to specifics. Let me show a chart.  Is there much doubt in the minds of all the Senators about what America thinks of child labor? If we knew we were entering into a trade agreement that would in any way promote the exploitation of children overseas, the hue and cry against it in the Senate would be overwhelming.  This is a photo illustration. It may not be too visible to my colleagues, but it shows the use of child labor from 1908 all the way to 1992, a street vendor, a tiny little girl in Mexico City. It shows a brick worker, a young man in 1993 in Katmandu in Nepal. It is an illustration that when Americans see this, when Senators see it, they want to make certain, if we are going to enter into a trade agreement, it will not result in the exploitation of children overseas.  We do not want to promote forced labor, slave labor, prison labor. We want to stand for the right of workers around the world to associate together and bargain collectively. These are core values of America, and they are core labor standards. Sadly, the Baucus-Grassley bill does not provide adequate protection for these principles.  It does not require countries to implement core labor standards. The only enforceable commitment in this bill is the commitment that countries enforce their existing labor laws. The Baucus-Grassley bill does not require countries with inadequate labor laws to improve their standards to include core, internationally recognized labor rights.  Let me be more specific, if I may, on this issue. We are considering this Free Trade Area of the Americas agreement, and in this free trade agreement is a question of whether or not we will try to expand trade with countries in our hemisphere. Certainly that, in and of itself, is a positive thing to do. But when one looks at the labor standards in some of the countries, they can understand why many of us are concerned that the Baucus-Grassley bill does not have adequate protections.  Bolivia--part of the negotiations--has been criticized by the International Labor Organization for provisions in its labor law that permit apprenticeships for children who are 12 years old, which is considered by some as tantamount to not only child labor but to bondage. The International Labor Organization Committee of Experts also reports that abuses and lack of payment of wages constitute forced labor in the agricultural sector of Bolivia.  Does the United States want to be party to an agreement with Bolivia, a trade agreement that would perpetuate this kind of exploitation? I do not think so. I think instead the United States wants to stand up for basic labor principles.  This Baucus-Grassley bill would allow Panama to deny worker protections in export processing zones. In fact, in the so-called export processing zones, they would suspend basic collective bargaining and impose mandatory arbitration.  The list goes on. It is a list which tells us that this should not be a naive endeavor in the belief that every country in the world shares our values. They do not, nor will they. But is it not important that as part of our trade agreements with labor standards we establish some basic standards on which we agree?  We have done this now. President Clinton, in his administration, in the Jordan free trade agreement, based it on the premise that the parties to the agreement reflect core, internationally recognized labor rights in their domestic labor law. I quote the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator Baucus, when we had the Jordan free trade agreement before us. Senator Baucus said:       Both Jordan and the United States, both countries, have      strong labor and environmental laws. Recognizing this, both      countries agree to effectively enforce their own laws.  Senator Baucus recognized then and there the point I am making with this amendment. The key is not to say we are going to have strong labor standards and respect for working people in America and we will enter into a trade agreement with your country which may ignore them but, rather, to say we should agree to some basic, core labor standards. Otherwise, what will happen? You know what will happen. We will lose jobs in the United States. We will lose them to companies that shift their production overseas, that put the production out of the hands of American workers who are making a decent wage and into the hands of children and people who are being paid little or nothing, people in other countries that, frankly, do not have the most basic labor law protection.  Is that what the United States is about? Is that what we want to achieve with trade agreements? Is it so important that we can buy something on sale in a store on Sunday that we can ignore the fact that a month before it was made with the hands of children in bondage in some small country on the other side of the world? I hope not.  Unfortunately, the Baucus-Grassley bill, without the protection of this amendment, will leave the door wide open for little or nothing when it comes to labor standards.  This amendment calls for the FTAA countries to implement and enforce five core International Labor Organization standards in domestic law. This objective only applies to the FTAA and other free trade agreements, not to the WTO, and it recognizes that least developed and developing countries should not be penalized because they face serious resource constraints in raising labor standards. My amendment calls for the inclusion of a work program in FTAA to assist lesser developed countries in implementing core labor standards using market access incentives and technical assistance.  I also add that contrary to critiques being circulated by trade associations, the amendment does not require countries to sign International Labor Organization conventions.  The most common questions I hear about trade agreements are: Are you going to exploit labor overseas and therefore kill American jobs? And I have addressed that. The second question is: Well, what are you going to do about the environment? Are you going to ignore the fact that some companies, because they do not like the restrictions of American law on the environment, will ship their production overseas and pollute the rivers, contaminate the air, and leave toxic waste behind? What are we going to do about the environmental side of the equation? I have never heard a Senator on either side of the aisle for or against trade agreements who has not said the following: Well, we should hold them to environmental standards. We do not want to say it is unreasonable, but certainly they ought to be held to environmental standards.  As to the environment, this bill, the Baucus-Grassley bill, does nothing to address the intersection between trade rules and environmental standards.  As to investment, the Baucus-Grassley bill could be read to broaden the ability of investors to challenge U.S. environmental, health, safety, and other regulations. In contrast, my amendment includes important clarifications to investment standards to ensure that investment rules cannot be used to undermine legitimate U.S. laws while ensuring effective protection for U.S. investors overseas.  Let me try to be specific about that, if I may. Imagine that we had entered into an agreement with a foreign country with one of their companies and that foreign company wanted to locate in the United States, and that country then came in and said: Before we locate in the United States, we want to take a look at your laws and see if they are discriminatory.  Let's use an example. They take a look at a wetland regulation. What is a wetland regulation? Well, it is a protection of the environment for certainfragile land that is important for us to maintain drinkable water, safe water, habitat for animals. American businesses customarily are bound by wetland regulations. So the company from overseas, because the trade agreement says, wait a minute, we do not have to play by your wetland regulation rules because of the trade agreement, we consider that to be unfair, uncompetitive, and a taking from our company. So what we have done with the Baucus-Grassley bill is to open up a challenge from a foreign corporation that wants to come into the United States against our environmental standards. That, to me, is not consistent with what most of us want to see achieved in our trade agreements.  Let me give a couple of other illustrations. There is the area of multilateral environmental agreements. The Baucus-Grassley bill does nothing to clarify the relationship between World Trade Organization rules and multilateral environmental agreements. In contrast, my amendment calls for creating an explicit rule ensuring that a country can enforce a multilateral environmental agreement without violating WTO obligations.  What would that mean? Let me give an example. We enter into an international agreement about endangered species around the world. All of the countries sign on and say, we are going to protect these species, and if one of the countries overseas violates it, they are subject to penalty provisions. Whether we are talking about protecting an endangered animal or whether we are talking about eliminating the trade in skins or ivory tusks, countries around the world enter into these multilateral environmental agreements. Our fear is that the Baucus-Grassley bill will allow a trade agreement between two countries to supersede this multilateral environmental agreement. It is playing to the lowest common denominator when we allow trade agreements to supersede these kinds of multilateral agreements.  On enforcement of environmental standards, the Baucus-Grassley bill retains the midnight change added to the bill in the House of Representatives. That change guts the already weakened environmental provisions in the bill by making clear that a country can lower its environmental standards for any reason with impunity. I want to make clear what that is all about because that is an important issue. It is one that was raised by the Senator from Texas, and it is one that I would like to address.  We have a situation in the United States where we have established standards, and what if we had a provision where, in order to entice a certain company to locate its factory in the United States that our partner overseas would ask for a change in standards when it comes to environmental safety. The language which was added in the House states that no enforcement actions can be brought against a country for lowering environmental standards for any reason, including to begin a competitive advantage--again, playing to the lowest common denominator. The Baucus-Grassley bill retains this change from the House.  Finally, in the area of regulatory authority, the Baucus-Grassley bill includes antiregulatory, anticonsumer provisions. These include requirements for a cost-benefit analysis for proposed regulations and a very reactionary approach toward food and labels.  I have been through the cost-benefit analysis. Some who are opponents of consumer safety and environmental safety say, if you cannot prove to me there are dollars to be saved, we certainly should not allow the regulation to be in place. Many times the things that protect us the most in this country are hard to quantify in dollar terms. We know they are of value to us. Frankly, putting a dollar amount on it, so-called cost-benefit ratio, becomes difficult. That is the standard of this bill.  Do you think as an American consumer it should be wrong or against the law that the food we import from overseas is labeled as to the country of origin? I don't think that is unreasonable. The Baucus-Grassley bill characterizes food labeling as ``unjustified trade restrictions.'' Is it your right as a consumer to know when you buy canned goods that they are from overseas? Do you have a right to know that? I think you do. Then you can make your decision. Maybe you still want to buy that product from overseas. But should you have the right to make that decision? The Baucus-Grassley bill says no, it is an unfair trade restriction. That is what we face with the Baucus-Grassley amendment.  Aside from the failure of this bill to adequately address the issues of labeling and environment, this legislation is dangerously flawed because it fails to ensure the vital role the Congress and the American people need to play at a time when trade is affecting so many businesses and so many jobs. I have listened to Senators on this floor, Mr. Lott, a Republican, minority leader, complain about Vietnamese catfish farmers. He said their competitive advantage was ``due to cheap labor and very loose environmental regulations.'' Senator Lott, my amendment addresses that. I hope you and others who feel the same will consider supporting it.  I reflect for a moment on what has happened when it comes to steel, recalling I voted for these trade agreements. I cannot state how disappointed I am in the way we have dealt with challenges to the steel industry in America. I believe in trade, but I think it should be according to the rules. Countries around the world violated the rules; they dumped their product on the United States.  What does it mean to dump a product? It means you sell your product in the United States at a price lower than the cost to produce it in your own country or lower than the amount that you sell it in your own country. You are clearly trying to run competitors out of the market. You are dumping. You are violating the rules. It happened in the United States and we lost over 25 of our best steel mills and tens of thousands of steelworker jobs.  The President responded with an imposition of tariffs with some exceptions and made a move in the right direction. Critics came forward and said that was a very wrong thing for the President to do--too political. Excuse me, but if we are going to trade with other countries around the world, don't we owe it to our businesses and our workers to enforce laws? Don't we need to have a Congress and a President who will stand up for American businesses and workers? That is not political; that is what the debate is all about.  The people who believe you can just expand trade without taking concern of its consequences, frankly, believe that the expansion of trade in and of itself is something that is ultimately going to be good no matter the consequences. I don't believe that. We have a responsibility. We as a Congress have to maintain this responsibility, to make sure that we have a process for the disapproval of certain trade agreements, to make certain that we have a voice when it comes to enforcing labor and environmental standards.  Before closing, I acknowledge in particular two House Members, Congressman Charlie Rangel, the ranking Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee, and Congressman Sander Levin of Michigan. They have been invaluable in working with me to bring this amendment to the floor.  I yield the floor.  