President, I rise in support of Senator Feinstein's motion to table the Reid amendment. Let me say at the outset, when she came to me with this concept, it struck me as not only fair but good policy. How did we get into this mess with the seventh largest corporation in the United States going bankrupt and dragging down with it thousands of innocent investors, pensioners at Enron, not to mention the employees who lost jobs, or the employees that other companies, like Andersen which is based in Chicago, who stand to lose their jobs.  It all came about because the folks in Houston who worked for Enron Corporation tried to take as many business activities as possible off the books. They did not want the world to see what was going on behind the corporate boardroom doors at Enron. The greatest fear they had was daylight, the possibility that people would know what they were doing. So they created these elaborate pyramid schemes. They created a multitude of corporations. They hid debt. They managed to, in many ways, deceive some well-meaning people into believing they were a prosperous and profitable corporation. One of the instruments and weapons they used in this battle was this whole notion of trading in energy futures, energy derivatives without Government oversight.  I live in the State of Illinois. We are proud of the fact we have many markets in the State of Illinois which average people and businesses use to trade futures, derivatives, and options that give them protection in their business day world. But every step of the way in that process the Government keeps an eye on them, just as it does the stock exchange in New York and in other places around the United States. Why? So the average person who picks up that financial page in the paper every morning and looks at it knows it is on the square, the trade actually took place, the prices are actually moving in these commodities.  What we saw with Enron is that they raced away from those markets where the Government was looking over the shoulders of the traders into this netherworld, if you will, of trading without regulation and without oversight. That is exactly where they wanted to play. They wanted to get out from the public eye. They did not want people to see what they were doing. They wanted to manage their own affairs without scrutiny, without oversight, without the restrictions of regulations and laws.  The Senator from California has a very simple proposition: If we want to restore the integrity of many corporate activities, we should establish standards for oversight and regulation. We now know better when it comes to Enron. Had there been appropriate oversight and regulation at Enron, we might have avoided the disaster that occurred in that company.  As she offers this amendment, there are special interest groups that oppose her. There are those trading without Government oversight who do not want the Government involved. So they are going to oppose her. The smoothies out there, the future Enrons, that want to use the current system to avoid regulation are opposed to the amendment of the Senator from California as well. They want to have this mechanism available to them.  That, frankly, is the reason why the Senate should take this amendment very seriously and why we should join the Senator from California in tabling the amendment of the Senator from Nevada. There is no reason why we should exempt metals. Why in the world would we say when it comes to energy we want honest, open, transparent trading, but when it comes to metals and their derivatives, we do not? We heard the litany that was read by the Senator from California when companies came in and tried to take control of markets. For the average person going to work every day, you wonder: What difference does it make? It does make a difference. It makes a difference in the commodities they purchase. If there is some illegal activity, if there is some inflation of price, it is going to be felt by consumers and businesses across America and around the world.  When Senator Feinstein comes to us and says, Table the amendment of the Senator from Nevada, Mr. Reid, I think she is moving in the right direction. We need more transparency and more oversight.  If you buy the premise of Senator Reid that metals should be exempt or you buy the premise of those who oppose Senator Feinstein's amendment, which I am cosponsoring, who say we should not have this Government oversight, how do you rationalize the millions of dollars we spend every year as taxpayers for watchdogs and policemen to keep an eye on so many other industries where there is trading? Listen, one is right and one is wrong.  If we believe there should not be Government oversight, let the Wild West prevail--there may be some who take that point of view. I am not one of them. It is tough for me as an individual; it is tough for many small businesses to judge whether there is anhonest transaction taking place and that is why the Government steps in. They want to make sure that when there is a transaction reported, it actually took place, that there was not self-dealing, there was not the kind of chicanery as we saw in Houston with Enron. That is why we have these regulatory agencies.  The Senator from California is correct; we should apply that to energy and metal derivatives. There is no reason to make exceptions. I can tell you what is going on--and I know the Senator is aware of this. What she is fighting is growing in size and volume across the world. These unregulated online markets are starting to appear everywhere, and woe be to the consumer or those involved who go into them believing the Government is watching what is going on. In many instances, there is no oversight; there is no review; there is no accountability.  I stand not only as a cosponsor of the amendment of the Senator from California but in strong support of the Senator from California.  I close by saying I sincerely hope we adopt this amendment. This started off as a debate on an energy bill. It certainly is a timely debate, but as I have listened to this debate transpire, as I have watched special interest groups come in and destroy every meaningful and credible part of this bill, I am beginning to believe this is the most anemic energy bill ever considered by Congress.  Consider for a minute that we are about to embark on a debate as to whether or not to drill for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. This wildlife refuge was not created by any liberal President; it was created by President Dwight Eisenhower in 1960. He said: There is a piece of Alaska we ought to protect. It is a frontier we ought to preserve because we may never get that chance again, and when it comes to the wildlife, when it comes to the resources there, we ought to make certain that America takes a stand and says we are going to leave this for future generations in perpetuity. This is our legacy to our children.  President Eisenhower was right. What President Eisenhower did not anticipate was that the oil companies would come into this region, discover what they consider to be substantial reserves, put their money interests behind those reserves, and then come to Congress and start twisting arms in every direction in order to try to beg us to allow them to come and drill for oil in a wildlife refuge.  How much oil is involved? First, even the rosiest scenario suggests we will not see the first barrel of oil from ANWR for 5 years. The one more realistic scenario says 10 years. As we consider all the problems in the Middle East facing us today, ANWR is certainly not the answer. Not for 5 years at least, or 10, will we see the first barrel of oil coming out of this wildlife refuge.  How much oil is involved? They talk in terms of millions and billions. But put it in this perspective: Over a 10-year period of time, if we draw from ANWR, the oil that the U.S. Geological Survey says is there will account for a 6-month supply of oil for the United States in that 10-year period. Put it in this perspective as well: By the year 2020, if ANWR were in full production, ANWR would reduce our importation of foreign oil from 62 percent of our national need to 60 percent, a 2-percent reduction.  Some have said it takes a great deal of political courage to stand up for drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge on behalf of the oil companies that own those rights for minerals to be derived. I am not sure it takes a great deal of courage. Does it take a great deal of courage for us to spoil the frontier of a wildlife refuge, to endanger species that currently live there and may never be replicated? That does not take a great deal of courage.  The courage is in standing up and protecting them. The courage is in saying if you want to do something about energy security and independence, if you want to try to break the chains between the Mideast and the United States so we can make our own decisions and not have to wait for a nod of approval from Saudi Arabia and the gulf states, the courage is in saying to the American people we have to change the way we do business and live in America.  We had a chance to do that several weeks ago. What we were going to do--here is a radical suggestion--we were going to say to the big three automakers, they have to make their cars and trucks more fuel efficient. Oh, no, the Senate said, by almost a margin of two-to-one, we could not do anything that radical. We could not do anything that demands that kind of sacrifice, no way.  We are going to show courage by drilling in a wildlife refuge. The Porcupine caribou do not vote in the Senate. They do not elect anybody. Run them off. We have lost 30 percent of them in the last 10 years, so if they disappear, we will show our kids pictures and videos. But to ask the Big Three to come up with more fuel-efficient cars and trucks, oh, no, no way.  The special interests swamped those of us who believe fuel efficiency should be part of our debate on our energy security. We did not have a chance in the Senate. The special interests won, and won big. We did not have the courage to say to the Big Three or to consumers across America, we have to do business differently. We have not improved the fuel efficiency of vehicles in America since 1985--17 years of neglect.  So they talk about the Middle East and the challenge we face and how we have to show courage and determination as Americans. Let us start it by showing some honesty in our energy policy. We need more fuel efficiency, and we need more renewable fuels. For goodness' sake, I think 3 or 4 percent of all the electricity generated in America comes from renewable fuels. When Senator Jeffords of Vermont wanted to raise this to 20 percent over a 20-year period of time, I was ready to support him and was a cosponsor, but he did not have a chance. We lost.  But we will show courage by drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and we will show courage in standing behind the special interest groups that want to stop Senator Feinstein from bringing transparency and regulation to the trading in energy derivatives.  I am afraid this energy bill is going in the wrong direction if we do not include in it fuel efficiency, fuel economy, conservation, renewable fuels, and a sensible pricing of energy. Look at what happened in the State of California. I cannot imagine what life is like for the Senator, going home every weekend to see families and businesses trying to cope with something totally beyond their control. They responded heroically showing that they could, if challenged, dramatically conserve energy in the State of California. The Senator must have felt like the most helpless victim in America because these energy companies were running circles around her.  When the Senator says they ought to be held accountable, these energy companies and energy derivative markets ought to have government regulation, they are the first ones to scream bloody murder. They cannot stand that notion. The Senator is right. She ought to proceed on that, and I am happy to support her in that effort.  