President, President Bush could not have made a better choice for Director of the White House Office on Homeland Security than Gov. Tom Ridge. We served together in the House of Representatives. We are personal friends. And I hold him in the highest regard. He is clearly the right person for this extremely difficult task and assignment and has done a great job under trying circumstances and in a very brief period of time.  However, I believe we must keep title II in the bill, which establishes a National Office for Combating Terrorism in the White House, with a Presidentially appointed, Senate-confirmed Director, not as any rebuke to the President or Governor Ridge, but to give Governor Ridge the tools he needs to be even more effective.  I cosponsored Senator Graham's bill, S. 1449, to establish this office and supported its inclusion in Senator Lieberman's original bill to establish a Department of Homeland Security, which I also cosponsored.  I refer my colleagues to testimony given by Retired General Barry McCaffrey, before the Governmental Affairs Committee, on October 12 of last year. He spoke about organizing our Government to protect America. Here is what he said:       Our government does best when it establishes institutions      for the long haul that are based on rationality, not      personality. . . . The terms of this office--how its      leadership is appointed, where its monies come from, what      powers it wields, who it is accountable to--must have the      permanence of law. . . . Any Cabinet member, current or      former, will tell you how important it is to have the      Commander-in-Chief in your corner. However, when push comes      to shove, it is even more important to have the law on your      side.  General McCaffrey's experience as our antidrug czar at the Office of National Drug Control Policy brought him to his strong conclusion that the White House Office on Homeland Security must have its own budget and the position must be confirmed by the Senate. Without those ingredients, the Director would have neither the clout to fight Washington's bureaucracy nor the accountability before Congress to do his job effectively.  General McCaffrey's testimony was borne out by our experience here in Congress when numerous committees asked Governor Ridge to testify about homeland security. He was unable to because he said: I am a staffer of the President. I am not appointed by the Senate.  Governor Ridge was finally allowed to testify by the White House but only after the President decided he wanted to create this new Department.  Title III, which the Thompson amendment would strike, gives the job of developing a national strategy to combat terrorism and a comprehensive antiterrorism budget to the National Office for Combating Terrorism.  Having clout in the budget process is essential. President Bush says Cabinet Secretaries know that Governor Ridge has his trust and must put aside turf wars. But what we are setting up here are institutional structures.  Government officials come and go. Not all will have the close personal relationship that Governor Ridge enjoys with President Bush. The President certainly has the right to structure his staff and his advisors as he pleases, but we have the responsibility in Congress to pass legislation to establish structures of Government which will endure.  Let me say this as a parenthetical observation: One of the things I added to this bill--and in which I have particular pride--is an effort to try to establish some sort of architecture for computers and information technology in this new Department. I could go on for some time about the dismal state of computers at the premier law enforcement agency of the United States, the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It is a fact, if you look at the various agencies we will count on to protect America, that in terms of computer capability, it is almost as if you were traveling across the world and you picked countries that were computer illiterate and asked them to communicate with those that were the most sophisticated. That is what we have in the Federal Government.  What I tried to do with this bill is to establish a standard for coordinating computer architecture, a Manhattan project. I put it in the Office of Management and Budget, frankly, because I couldn't assign it to a higher level and get it passed by committee. That is sad. But it is a fact. What I believe we are trying to establish in this bill is to make sure that within the White House there will be someone always close to the President who is willing to rip through the bureaucracy and to establish the standards and procedures to make sure that America is safe. Unless you have someone at that high level close enough to the President to get it done, someone who is going to deal with it, you will run into a problem. Saying in this situation that we are going to have in a Department of Homeland Security someone who is going to be subjected to Senate confirmation, separate budget authority, is to give them enhanced authority as well.  Departments and agencies with major responsibilities for homeland security, including the Department of Defense, State, and Treasury, the FBI, the entire intelligence community, among many others, are properly not included in the new Department. There will be a critical job to do to develop a national strategy for computers, for information technology and beyond, and coordinate this strategy so that the agencies of this new Department can effectively combat the threat of terrorism against the United States.  I hope my colleagues in the Senate will support the language put in this bill by Senator Lieberman after deliberation in committee and oppose the Thompson amendment.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  