President, I thank my colleagues who are cosponsoring this amendment, Senators Harkin and Lugar, who come to this floor in their capacities as chair and ranking member of the Agriculture Committee, both of whom have joined me in cosponsorship of this amendment, together with several of my other colleagues.  What we are trying to do in this amendment is twofold. In the first instance, we are trying to avoid overproduction on farmland in America that would be encouraged by the farm bill--not by the market, not by any other consideration. We don't want to create a farm bill which pushes farmers into overproduction, bringing prices down. What we are trying to do is to increase production but only in a way that is at a price level, a cost level so that a farmer can make a fair living. And so we are trying with this amendment to protect from that possibility.  The second part of the amendment sounds so totally unrelated, people may wonder why it is in the farm bill. The second part relates to the Food Stamp Program. If my colleagues are aware of the Department of Agriculture, they know that it administers the Food Stamp Program. A decision was made some years ago--I will address it in my remarks--that those who are legal immigrants to the United States would not qualify for food stamps. On reflection, we have seen that the victims of that policy have primarily been poor children in America. I am heartened by the fact that President Bush, in his budget message, has decided to change this policy. He has said that we will allow legal immigrants to receive food stamps. That is the right and humane thing to do. It is the right thing to do to make certain children are healthy. If we are going to have a strong Nation, we need healthy kids. So the second part of my amendment addresses the restoration of eligibility for food stamps for legal immigrants.  Senator Gramm of Texas has his own opinion as to what we should include in the food stamp portion of the amendment. He is preparing that now. We have discussed it briefly. I will repeat what I said earlier: If the second-degree amendment that he has proposed ends up being something I cannot personally accept, I promise that I will protect his right to offer and debate that amendment and bring it to a vote before there is a vote on my amendment. So there will be no disadvantage to Senator Gramm, even if there is some disagreement in terms of the content of his amendment.  Let me speak briefly to what my overall amendment does. This amendment has one basic purpose, and that is to provide a safety net for farmerswithout distorting the marketplace. Everybody in this debate on the farm bill wants to protect farmers. I hope we can agree that we don't want to do it at the expense of the supply and demand laws which govern our economy.  This amendment will help to meet both goals. It simply states: Crop support payments will not be made for crops that are grown on land that is not already being used for agricultural production. It only applies to land that has not been cropped even 1 year in the past 5 years or 3 years in the past 10. So if I am a farmer in downstate Illinois and I have acreage that has not been used for agricultural production, even 1 year out of the last 5 or 3 out of the last 10, I cannot bring that into the program and say: Now that you have a farm bill that may compensate me, I am going to produce on this land and I am going to get payments from the Federal Government.  That land was taken out of production for market reasons or other reasons. And we believe that no farm bill should drag it back into production.  If I am a farmer, though, and want to produce on the land, that is my right; I own the land. But I can't go to the Federal Government, having made that decision, if I haven't put a crop on that land for 1 out of 5 years, 3 out of 10 to support this effort.  I yield to the Senator from Michigan.  (The remarks of Mrs. Stabenow are located in today's Record under ``Morning Business.'')  