That tax cut, when you look at benefits of it--take a look. If you happen to be down making $9,300 a year, the President's tax cut is worth $66.  Average annual tax cut by income range: If you are making $20,000 a year, it is worth $375. If you are up to $39,000 a year, it is $600. If you are making $56,000 a year, it is $1,000. If you are making $97,000 a year, it is about $2,200. If you are making $220,000, it is worth $3,000 to you. But hold on tight. If you are in the top 1 percent of wage earners in America making an average of $1.1 million a year, the President's tax cut is worth $53,000. It is small change down here for most working families. But it is $53,000 for people who are already making $1 million a year.  You say, of course; they pay all the taxes; they should get the tax break. That isn't how it works. Under the President's plan, it doesn't directly track the taxes we are paying. So the people who are getting the biggest tax cut are not proportionately paying the most in terms of taxes to the Federal Government.  The Bush economic record and what it means to you is, in effect, a 10-year surplus has disappeared from $5.6 trillion, which was projected by the President just last year. Now we are down into a deficit situation over the same 10-year period of time.  I mentioned earlier the impact of the stock market. Everybody, I think, knows this. You see what is happening to our stock market. The value of all the stocks in the stock market when the President took office was $16.4 trillion. The value today is $11.9 trillion, and going down. We have lost $4.5 trillion in value--about 25 percent of the value of the stock market. Forget about the value of the stock market. It is the value of savings, the value of pension plans, and the value of college savings accounts. Those are the things that have taken a beating.  I think the point is clear. This administration wants to talk about every issue they can think of except economic security, except the state of the economy, and except the fact that average families, average businesses, and average individuals in this country are struggling with an economy that is flat on its back.  The best the President had to offer was a meeting in August down in Texas where he called some close friends and corporate leaders and asked, What do you think? A lot of them said, Stay the course; couldn't be doing better.  We can do a lot better. We can do better with leadership--not just from the White House, but from Congress. Sadly, this Congress will not produce legislation that will address these problems. What could we do? We believe on this side the first thing we ought to do is extend unemployment insurance benefits to the people across America who are about to run out of unemployment insurance. We should extend the benefits for another 13 to 26 weeks. We did that five times under President Bush's father, the last time we had a recession. This President has refused to do it one time. That is not fair to these people or their families.  Second, we believe we need pension protection for families across America who are vulnerable; for people who are 62 years old and wanting to take their retirement, and watched their pension disappear before their eyes, and no health care. We need protection for those employees who are in that circumstance.  What about the millions of Americans on minimum wage? It has been 5 years since we raised the minimum wage. It is stuck at $5.15 an hour. That is not going to make America stronger.  Let me also tell you when it comes to the cost of health, we should understand it is absolutely essential that we accept this as a highest priority. We heard this morning from a major union working with a major company. The people who ran the company came before them and said, Listen, we don't know what we are going to do next year. We have a $1 billion health insurance bill. We don't know how we are going to do it.  I have heard the same thing from labor unions and small businesses. This government ignores it.  We talk about tax cuts for the wealthiest instead of tax credits for businesses that offer health insurance. We talk about tax cuts for the wealthiest instead of helping average families struggling to pay to get their kids through college. Why in the world don't we make the cost of college tax-deductible for working families before we award these great tax breaks for families making over $1 million a year?  This is the agenda Americans face every day. After they turn off the news, they talk about a variety of other issues. They sit down and try to figure out how to grapple with these issues. I think this is the agenda which the American people want this Congress to work on. Sadly, because of lack of leadership downtown, and because of lack of leadership here on the Hill, we have done precious little to address the real issues facing American families.  I yield the floor.  