President, I agree with the Senator from Texas, this is a no-brainer amendment because I cannot quite understand why we would be establishing a standard here for labor unions. It reminds me of when I was raising my kids and my wife and I had to give one of our children medicine that they didn't want. My daughter would say: I would feel a lot better if my brother had to take it, too. That is what we are having here--businesses faced with corporate corruption. Frankly, we have people on the Senate floor saying, as painful as it is for us to make more disclosures, we would feel better if you could also hurt the labor unions while you are at it. Is that what this is about--to try to find a parity of pain between business and labor? I didn't think so.  The point made by the Senator from Maryland is that labor unions already face extraordinary reporting requirements in a law that has been in place for 43 years--requirements not made of many businesses. In the McConnell-Gramm amendment, it suggests that if your labor union has receipts of $200,000 a year, they are going to add a new burden to the labor unions--even beyond this 43-year-old law.  I listened closely as the Senator from Maryland explained the bill before us. He has worked closely with the Senator from Wyoming to make sure it just applies to public corporations, where there is public investment in stockholders and where there is an item of public trust involved. That is understandable.  So if I would stand before the Members here and say, if you really believe in transparency and disclosure, you ought to apply these requirements to every business in America, many people would say that is an onerous and unnecessary burden; it goes beyond the issue of public trust; now you are going after every business, large and small. That is what the McConnell-Gramm amendment does when it comes to labor unions. They say if a labor union has receipts of $200,000, they have a brandnew set of requirements. The Senator from Texas says these unions are public institutions, they should not be treated as if they are private. Well, they are not. They are subject to the 1959 Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act.  The thing that also concerns me is that many requirements of the labor unions under current law are far stricter than what is required under the SEC for public corporations. I cannot understand why we would want to increase the burden on labor unions when the issue appears to be, at Enron, not a union problem but a business problem. The issue at Enron had to do with members of the board of directors being paid--according to the Governmental Affairs recent report--$350,000 a year to serve on the board and, frankly, missing it completely, or didn't report it when things were being done that defrauded stockholders, pensioners, and ultimately cost employees their jobs.  That, I thought, was what this debate was about. Instead, we are talking about right-to-work and labor unions. I am sorry, but I don't think people across America believe the problems of Enron and WorldCom and Global Crossing had anything to do with labor unions. They didn't. They had to do with corporate greed and corruption.  I commend Senators Sarbanes and Enzi for bringing to the floor a bill that addresses this in a straightforward manner. The McConnell-Gramm amendment wants to get us on another track to discuss other things. I find this interesting. There is no proposal that this new requirement be applied to any other organization than labor unions. I don't hear anybody coming before us and suggesting that the Boy Scouts of America should be subject to SEC filing. That is a large organization. They certainly have receipts beyond $200,000. I don't hear the suggestion that associations and organizations like the Boy Scouts of America, or the American Legion--I don't want to go too far with this--or the Federalist Society should have more transparency and disclosure and, therefore, should be subject to SEC filings. Nobody brought that up. Is that part of the problem in America, the lack of confidence in our economy? Not at all.  The problem relates to corporations and businesses that have gone too far and lied to the stockholders and the American people. If we get off the track here and decide we are going to go after other battles to be fought, whether labor unions or other organizations, we have missed the point. I think this amendment misses the point.  Let me also say that the McConnell amendment holds labor unions to standards to which not even businesses are being held. In 1995, I happened to be a Member of the House when the so-called Newt Gingrich ``Contract on America'' came through. One of the things we did there, I am afraid, turned out to be a precursor to what we are going through today in what was known then as securities litigation reform. We basically said we think some of these plaintiff lawyers, class action lawyers, have gone too far and therefore we are going to protect many corporations from liability when it comes to securities transactions. I was 1 of 99 in the House of Representatives who voted against that bill and wanted to sustain President Clinton's veto. We did not prevail. We lost in the House and in the Senate.  It really, sadly, set the stage for where we are today. Another watchdog was gone. Corporations such as Enron and WorldCom didn't have to worry about somebody bringing an action against them for securities misdeeds.  One of the things that was included in the 1995 law was to take away liability for aiding and abetting, in terms of rights of action, causes of action involving corporate fraud. We exempted a whole category of people who, up until that time, had been liable for aiding and abetting fraud. We said in the name of securities litigation reform, we would exempt this category of individuals.  Senator McConnell comes up with this amendment and says: We want to reinstate that aiding and abetting liability, not for businesses, but we want to put it on labor unions. What is wrong with this picture? We are not imposing it on corporations despite all the scandals we have read about; instead, we are going to impose this new obligation on labor unions.  I am afraid, frankly, that is not a matter of public policy, it is a matter of retribution. I also think we should take a look at how many labor unions could be liable for this audit that is required. There are 70 national and international unions, but the McConnell-Gramm amendment would apply to 5,000 different unions, large and small, across America. It goes way too far.  The amendment certification requirements are also redundant. For more than 40 years, union officers have been required to sign annual financial reports, under penalty of perjury, attesting that the report's information accurately describes the union's financial condition and operations. That is a pretty reasonable standard for labor unions under current law.  We are trying to impose similar standards on corporations so when they file their accounting audit statements, someone puts their name on it and accepts responsibility for the truth and accuracy of the statement.  Frankly, I think Senator McConnell and Senator Gramm have this totally upside down. The problems we face--the corporate corruption, the lack of confidence in the economy, which even the President spoke about today--have nothing to do with labor unions. They really have to do with corporations that have an obligation to the public.  I believe the vast majority of businesses and corporations in America are run by honest people, working hard to make a profit to provide goods, services, and jobs to make America a better place. I do believe that. But there are some who have violated the public trust. The underlying bill addresses that. To bring in an argument now about imposing new obligations on labor unions not only misses the point completely as to why we are here this evening but misses the point about why we are facing this crisis in America.  I stand in opposition to the McConnell-Gramm amendment, and I hope allof my colleagues will join me in remembering why this debate got started.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  