. Res. 2, which proposes a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. It's time to tighten the nation's purse strings and keep Washington from spending more than we can afford.  For too long Congress and the President, on a bipartisan basis, have let down the American people in our unwillingness and inability to be responsible with our nation's finances. We have spent too much, borrowed too much, and have failed to face the fact that we can no longer continue to spend money that we do not have. A Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution would legally force our government to live within its means. It's interesting to see that while many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, including our President, have argued that a constitutional amendment is not necessary, 49 states currently abide by some form of a balanced budget requirement.  President Obama urged opposition to this legislation, clearly showing how out of touch he is. He just doesn't seem to get it. Americans overwhelmingly support a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution because their government has proven that it is unable to be responsible with their money. The arguments against a Balanced Budget Amendment appear to rest on the concerns that this will finally stop out-of-control spending; meaning Congress will no longer be able to spend at will on programs that may be nice to have, but are unnecessary or unaffordable.  The measure on the floor today is a good compromise between those who wanted a stronger Balanced Budget Amendment, and those who felt such proposals went too far. While I would have preferred the version that placed greater restriction on Congress's ability to tax and spend, I am pleased to support his legislation.  It is simply unfair to continue to pass our financial burdens along to our children and grandchildren. Given Congress's history of not being responsible with the American people's hard earned money, it is time we put in place these limitations on spending. A Balanced Budget Amendment would finally force us to make tough decisions about how we spend our money. This is not a silver bullet; however, it is an important step in controlling spending and restoring confidence among the American people. I strongly support passage of this important legislation, and urge my colleagues to support the bill.  