Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2560, the Cut, Cap and Balance Act, which is common-sense legislation that will bring our fiscal house back in order, and will finally get our government off its spending binge.  We can no longer operate on a business as usual mentality, and the time to rein in our deficit spending is now. Families sit down and make budgets--then they spend within their means. It is imperative, now more than ever, that Congress abide by those same principles. Instead of applying for new credit cards, we need to cut up the ones we already have. I have long argued that our spending practices in Washington are unsustainable, and have routinely voted against spending measures in Democratic and Republican-led Congresses that have contributed to the crisis we face today.  Since Republicans retook control of the House in January, we have changed the discussion in Washington from how much more are we going to spend, to how much are we going to cut. There are some who feel that our problem is not our spending; rather, it is we are not bringing in enough revenue. I find this thought process misguided. It is not viable to increase taxes drastically enough to bridge the $1.58 trillion gap between our spending and revenues, without destroying jobs and damaging our already struggling economy.  The Cut, Cap and Balance Act is a plan to bring long-term change to the Washington spending machine. First, this legislation would cut spending by $111 billion in fiscal year 2012, reducing non-defense discretionary spending below 2008 levels, which was called for in the House-passed budget plan. Second, this legislation would place a cap on total spending as a share of GDP. Without caps on spending, future Congresses will ultimately resort back to the spending practices that have led to the situation we are currently facing. Third, this legislation will only provide for an increase in the debt limit if Congress sends a Balanced Budget Constitutional Amendment to the states for ratification. A Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution would legally force our government to live within its means. It's interesting to see that while many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, including our President, have argued that a constitutional amendment is not necessary, 49 states currently abide by some form of a balanced budget requirement.  We cannot pass the financial burdens of our country on to our children and grandchildren. It is important to note, that while I am not proud of the spending habits of Republicans when we were in charge, the unprecedented spending increase since 2009 when President Obama took office needs to be noted. Under his leadership, our national debt has increased by $3.7 trillion. Once again, that is $3.7 trillion in only two and a half years. It took the U.S. from 1776 until 1992 to accumulate the same amount of debt that President Obama accumulated in two and a half years.  Given our fiscal challenges that lay ahead, the time to act is now. The Cut, Cap, and Balance Act is an important step to bring fiscal sanity back to Washington. We can no longer continue to kick the can down the road hoping that someone else will make the tough choices. I strongly support passage of this important legislation, and urge my colleagues to support the bill.  