Speaker, at the outset, let me say I'm a little bit puzzled that my friend from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) is opposing the extension of these three provisions of the Patriot Act today because last year, he called up a Senate bill that provided for a year's extension of these three provisions, and managed the time and voted for it. And after hearing his comments, I'm wondering why he has changed his mind.  In 19 days, three national security laws will expire unless Congress votes to reauthorize them. H.R. 514 temporarily extends these laws--FISA business records, roving wiretaps, and the lone wolf definition--until December 8 of this year.  As chairman of the House Judiciary Committee in the last decade, I oversaw the enactment of the USA PATRIOT Act in response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Title II of the act addressed enhanced foreign intelligence and law enforcement surveillance authority. Sixteen sections of that title were originally set to expire on December 31, 2005. Also set to expire on that date was section 6001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004, which is the lone wolf definition.  In 2005, I again spearheaded the effort to reauthorize the Patriot Act. Recognizing the significance of the act to America's counterterrorism operations and the need for thorough oversight, the House Judiciary Committee held 9 subcommittee hearings, 3 days of full committee hearings, then a robust full committee markup reauthorizing legislation.  The USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 made permanent 14 of the 16 intelligence provisions. The act extended the sunset on section 206 FISA roving wiretaps, section 215 FISA business records, and the lone wolf definition until the end of 2009.  But the three remaining temporary provisions were not reauthorized before that deadline. Instead, the then-Democratic majority chose twice to extend the provisions, first for 2 months and then for a year, without ever bringing a reauthorization bill to the floor.  This Congress, things will be different. We must approve a temporary extension today to keep these critical national security tools in place. This extension will afford Congress sufficient time to hold hearings and markups, then adopt a permanent reauthorization of these provisions this year, which I intend to introduce soon.  The time for multiple temporary extensions is over. The terrorist threat has not subsided and will not expire, and neither should our national security laws.  It is equally important that Congress make permanent the lone wolf definition. This provision closes the gap in the FISA act and, if allowed to expire, could permit an individual terrorist to slip through the cracks and carry out his plot undetected. When FISA was originally enacted in 1978, terrorists were believed to be members of an identified group. That's not the case today.  Today, more than ever, we are confronted with threats from loosely organized terrorist groups or individuals who may subscribe to a movement or certain beliefs but do not belong to or identify themselves with a specific terrorist group. Without the lone wolf definition, our surveillance tools will be powerless to act against this growing threat to America's security.  Section 206 of the Patriot Act authorizes the use of roving or multipoint wiretaps for national security and intelligence investigations. This allows the government to use a single wiretap order to cover any communications device that the target uses or may use. Without roving wiretap authority, investigators would be forced to seek a new court order each time they need to change the location, phone, or computer that needs to be monitored.  Section 215 of the act allows the FISA court to issue orders granting the government access to business records in foreign intelligence, international terrorism, and clandestine intelligence cases. The 2005 act expanded the safeguards against potential abuse of section 215 authority and included additional congressional oversight, procedural protections, application requirements, and judicial review. Each of these provisions are integral to defending America's national security and must be kept intact.  I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 514.  