Speaker, I will be brief today. I will just make several points but not extensively because this is the fifth debate we've had on this subject in 10 days and I think everything has been said.  First of all, I have pledged in the past and I will pledge again today on this House floor that there will be hearings on a reauthorization of the expiring provisions of the Patriot Act, as well as an oversight hearing on the Patriot Act as a whole.  The three provisions that are up for reauthorization are important provisions to keep America safe, and I want to dispel some of the misinformation that has again been placed in the Record on the floor of the House today.  First of all, section 215, which is the business records provision, has more strict standards for the issuance of a FISA warrant than the issuance of a Grand Jury subpoena in a criminal record. And only business records can be obtained. That means that it is not subject to the Fourth Amendment because it's not a search and seizure under the Fourth Amendment.  The reauthorization in 2005, which I authored, provided procedures for recipients of section 215 warrants to seek judicial review of those orders compelling the production of business records. So people can have their day in court to have the warrant quashed.  With respect to roving wiretaps, they're nothing new. We have had roving wiretaps for decades over criminal investigations such as racketeering and drug pushing.  A roving wiretap order can only be issued by a judge. The law enforcement agency must minimize roving wiretaps, which means that if the target isn't on the phone at the time or they're not talking about something under investigation, then the wiretap has got to be turned off. And that provides for protections, and that has never been challenged for its constitutionality since it was put in the Patriot Act in 2001.  Finally, the lone wolf definition is very important because in order to trigger Patriot Act surveillance or applications for Patriot Act surveillance without the lone wolf, there has to be a demonstration that the target is a member of a group like al Qaeda. And the way al Qaeda has kind of sprung out or people who said that they're al Qaeda when they really might not be al Qaeda, lone wolf becomes absolutely vital.  It's important to note that the lone wolf authority cannot be used against a U.S. citizen or a legal permanent resident. It could be used against an alien who is present in the United States on a nonpermanent basis, meaning either a visa or as a visa overstay.  All of this has gone through constitutional scrutiny. It has passed muster. I will give everybody a chance to speak their peace on the Patriot Act. Believe me, these commitments have been made both myself and by the committee chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith). We're going to do it. We're going to get it done. But we need to have the extra time that was given to us by the Senate. So the motion that has been made by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith) is a good motion, an essential motion, and it should be favored.  