Speaker, I thank the gentleman from San Dimas, and I just want to reiterate the point that my friend from Colorado is so, so wrong. We have heard most of these arguments in the three times this bill has been on the floor in the last 9 days.  I want to say again, first of all, the Judiciary Committee under my chairmanship reported out a Patriot Act unanimously in October of 2001, and that ranged from people like Maxine Waters on the left to Bob Barr on the right. We did reform the Patriot Act in 2005 when it came up for renewal last time, and I fulfilled my promise, number one, to oppose a premature elimination of the sunset, and, number two, to have hearings on each of the then 17 expanded provisions of law enforcement that were sunsetted at that time.  Fourteen out of the 17, there was no complaint about. Even the American Civil Liberties Union testified on behalf of the fact that there were no abuses whatsoever in those 14. There was concern about the three that are in the underlying bill today, and at the insistence of the gentleman from California, Mr. Lungren, we put a sunset on it. That expired in 2009, and there have been two extensions that were voted on by the then-Democrat Congress, but they really didn't get at what the complaints of the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Polis, have been.  This bill has been used by its opponents as a way of expressing frustration with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies that have nothing to do with the Patriot Act, and it is kind of like a bait and switch or putting up a straw man and then attacking the straw man, because they really can't attack the real man, which is the Patriot Act and what is up for extension.  None of these three provisions have been held unconstitutional by a court. There hasn't even been a challenge to the roving wiretaps, and there hasn't been a challenge to the lone wolf provision that is also up for renewal. When there was a challenge to section 215, business records, or for that matter library records, the reforms that I wrote and which we passed in 2005 corrected them to the extent that those who were filing the constitutional challenge against it withdrew their complaint after we fixed what they were complaining about.  Now the gentleman from Colorado and the other opponents of the Patriot Act are complaining for the sake of complaining. They are saying that there has been a violation of civil liberties. There hasn't been. No court has found that there has been a violation of civil liberties.  