Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 910, the Energy Tax Prevention Act, which is common-sense legislation that will help economic recovery efforts and reduce energy prices.  It is troubling to see the Obama Administration continue to advocate for policies that will inhibit job creation in this country, and also raise prices of goods and services for every American. We should not move forward with imposing regulations that will slow the current economic recovery.  Over the last few months, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have borrowed the Republican mantra from the past couple of years when the Democrats had control and asked, ``Where are the jobs?'' I have found this quite humorous considering that since Republicans have taken over leadership of the House, we have been actively working to rein in excess government waste and pass legislation to make it more affordable to do business in this country. But, setting that aside, we should all be able to agree that without passage of the Energy Tax Prevention Act, the answer to their question will be: not in the U.S.  We must not continue to allow the EPA to move forward in regulating all sectors of our economy. It is a simple fact that by imposing costly regulations on American businesses, it will ultimately force these companies to reduce jobs, or in the worst case scenario, move operations overseas. Additionally, while some may feel that industries can afford to pay more to comply with the slew of EPA regulations that have already been implemented, or will soon be implemented, these extra costs will ultimately be passed onto the American consumer.  The EPA's reliance on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) assessment reports should be cause for alarm. Given the climategate e-mail scandal, and other information that has come to light, there are many serious questions as to the legitimacy of the process used by the IPCC to base their conclusions. It would seem to me that since the EPA relied heavily on questionable conclusions by the IPCC, it is essential for Congress to pass H.R. 910 so we may go back and reexamine our greenhouse gas policy.  Like most Americans, I believe that there can and should be a proper balance between economic prosperity and environmental sustainability. Everyone wants clean air and clean water, and no one wants sky-high electric and tax bills. I have long argued that the key to our energy independence is through technological innovation. The best way for the federal government to support technological innovation is to incentivize it through research and development grants and tax credits. Excessive regulations cannot assure technological breakthroughs, especially expensive and onerous mandates like the cap-and-tax proposals in the previous Congress.  With the recent spike in gas prices, we need to do all we can to decrease the cost of doing business. H.R. 910 is the first in a series of legislative proposals that Republicans are planning on putting forward to cut energy prices and reduce the regulatory burdens that businesses and consumers face. I strongly support passage of this important legislation, and urge a ``yes'' vote.  