Chairman, in the first day of this session we all took an oath to preserve and protect and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. And a day or two later, for the first time in history, we read the Constitution on the floor from beginning to end.  We changed the rules to have a constitutional debate when the constitutionality of legislation before us was in question. And this is the first time in the history of the United States House of Representatives when a question serious enough to have a constitutional debate is being debated on the floor for 20 minutes.  Unlike what my friend from Texas (Mr. Smith) has said, this bill is unconstitutional, and voting for this bill will violate one's oath of office. And here is why.  The intellectual property clause of the Constitution gives the protection to the first-to-invent, and what happens later in the Patent Office only protects that right. It doesn't denigrate the right, and the right is given to the person who is first-to-invent. If someone who was the first-to-inventends up losing the race to the Patent Office, this bill takes away a property right, and that violates the Fifth Amendment.  Now, inventor means first inventor in the Constitution. And earlier this month, in Stanford University v. Roche, the Chief Justice has said, since 1790 the patent law has operated on the premise that in an invention, the rights belong to the inventor. And since the founding of our Republic, that has been the law.  Even in the beginning of our Republic, the 1793 act created an interference provision and set up an administrative procedure to resolve competing claims for the same invention. The Patent Board rejected the proposal that the patent should be awarded to the first person to file an application. And Thomas Jefferson served on that Patent Board that rejected first-to-file.  Secondly, early Supreme Court decisions confirm that patents must be granted to inventors, not when they file, but when they invent it. And that began in 1813 with Chief Justice Marshall, reaffirmed in 1829, and last month in Stanford v. Roche in the Supreme Court of the United States.  I think it is clear from all of the precedents that a first-to-invent and a first-to-file provision is unconstitutional because it adds a layer of compliance in winning the race to the Patent Office for someone who already has that right.  Let's vote ``no'' to uphold our oaths of office under the Constitution of the United States.  