. 2273, the Coal Residuals Reuse and Management Act.  Once again, the Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, is on a path to destroy jobs, and increase costs on every American household. It is puzzling to see the EPA attempt to regulate coal combustion residuals, CCRs, as a hazardous waste, when the EPA, the Department of Energy, the Federal Highway Administration, the Department of Agriculture, the Electric Power Research Institute, state agencies, members of academia, and many others who have studied CCRs for nearly three decades concluded that coal ash does not warrant regulation as a hazardous waste.  Under the Clinton Administration, the EPA determined that coal ash rarely, if ever, exhibits a hazardous waste characteristic. They ultimately concluded that states can safely manage coal ash under federal non-hazardous rules. Additionally, the EPA stated in its 2000 regulatory determination that regulating coal ash as a hazardous waste would be environmentally counterproductive because it would unnecessarily stigmatize coal ash and impede its beneficial use for reducing greenhouse gases. If the EPA under the Clinton Administration concluded that moving forward with regulating CCRs as a hazardous waste would increase greenhouse gas emissions, then why are so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle supportive of the current Administration's actions? If I recall, we spent a good amount of time debating legislation in 2009 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.  In my home state of Wisconsin, this rule will have a significant impact on many different sectors. The concrete paving industry in Wisconsin uses coal ash on almost 100 percent of its projects. The use of coal ash enhances the performance and durability of concrete, which ultimately increases its lifespan. Additionally, given Wisconsin's cold winters, the use of coal ash in its concrete is even more important due to the reduction of the permeability of the concrete by 50-75 percent, allowing the concrete to better resist the freeze-thaw environment.  This regulation will also significantly affect the electric utility industry. Instead of recycling the coal ash produced as a byproduct from coal-fired power plants, the industry will be forced to dispose of the ash in landfills, costing billions. This could potentially lead to the closing of a number of coal plants, creating serious reliability and cost concerns. Additionally, the increased costs to the utility sector will ultimately be passed along to the American consumer.  The legislation before us is a commonsense approach to addressing coal ash. States are best able to determine the approach to regulating CCRs. While this legislation will set a federal baseline standard, states will be allowed to exceed these standards if they so choose. Additionally, this legislation assesses the structural integrity of land disposal sites, addressing the concerns that some may have with preventing another spill like that which occurred in 2008. I strongly support passage of H.R. 2273, and urge my colleagues to support this bill.  