Speaker, a few minutes ago, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the gentleman from Texas, yielded the Democrats 2 additional minutes, and asked for a copy of the motion to recommit so that we could look at it. The gentleman extended that offer in good faith.  We received a copy of this motion to recommit at the time the Clerk started reading it, and our offer of good faith was responded to with an attempted surprise.  Now, the underlying bill, H.R. 514, is very simple. All it does is extend the authorizations that are about ready to expire until December 8. It doesn't add to the Patriot Act and the Terrorism Prevention Act. It does not subtract from it. It gives the Judiciary Committee the time to do the oversight, which is exactly the same thing that I did when I was the chairman the last time the sunset expired.  But there is something else in here that I think is very important, and that is that there is a provision that would cause the courts to second-guess themselves every time a national security action asked them for a business record order. And rather than expediting the request to seek information on terrorists, this motion to recommit tells the court to expedite civil lawsuits against the United States Government to get money damages under a provision that is in the Patriot Act, and that tips it all on its head.  If the civil rights are violated, there is a provision in this Patriot Act that allows people to file a lawsuit and to do all of the discovery that needs to be done and to bring the case to trial, and they don't need to be expedited. What needs to be expedited is going after the terrorists with business records.  Now, there is a provision in the motion to recommit that says that the Constitution has to be followed. We don't need to put things in the statute book that says the Constitution needs to be followed. That's the supreme law of the land. This is completely redundant. It is unnecessary. And, frankly, the Constitution has been followed in the Patriot Act, because there has been no finding of unconstitutionality of any of the 17 provisions. Where there was a preliminary finding in the business records section, we amended the law and the plaintiffs dropped their suit. We fixed the problem, to the approval of the plaintiffs who filed this suit.  So we ought to get on with this. We're going to have these hearings. We are going to have the time to have these hearings. And all of the gentlemen on the other side of the aisle have my commitment now, as they did 9 years ago and as they did 5 and 6 years ago, that the hearings will be thorough, they will be comprehensive, and they will allow everybody to speak their piece.  Vote against this motion to recommit and pass the bill.  I yield back the balance of my time.  