We cannot ignore the cries from businesses around the country that the 1099 reporting requirement is an unnecessary burden that will cost jobs.  In a time when our economy is struggling to emerge from one of the worst recessions in generations, we must work to free small businesses from onerous regulatory burdens. We cannot afford to promote policies that use needless paperwork as a means to strangle growth and prosperity. The 1099 reporting requirement on transactions greater than $600 was included in the health care overhaul without consideration of the individuals, families, and small businesses that would suffer as a result. By devoting more resources to comply with this new requirement, we are preventing businesses from doing what is essential: creating jobs.  But the disregard for small businesses did not stop there. Last fall, the 1099 reporting requirement was expanded to include rental property expense payments. Instead of recognizing the disastrous effect of this new requirement, there were those in the last Congress who decided it was a good idea to expand it. Now we are left with even more taxpayers who will suffer the consequences of an already misguided regulation.  Today we have the opportunity to correct the mistakes of the past. H.R. 4 allows this Congress to stand up for small businesses and hard-working taxpayers by eliminating what is obviously a job destroying regulation. By removing the 1099 reporting requirement, we will free businesses from time-consuming paperwork so that they may grow and help our economy recover. We all hear from our constituents, ``Where are the jobs?'' By supporting this legislation, we can show the American people that we are serious about creating a business environment that promotes job growth and prosperity.  I applaud the gentleman from California for recognizing early on the negative impact this regulation will have on small businesses. I encourage my colleagues in the Senate to consider this legislation quickly so we can bring certainty to American businesses and avoid the obvious complications that the 1099 reporting requirement presents.  