 President, if we ended up doing nothing tomorrow, that would be like last Tuesday, last Wednesday, and last Thursday, in which we could never get a vote. On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday we could not get a vote because we could not get an agreement on the FISA bill.  Finally, last Thursday night, we get an agreement on the FISA bill, and the majority leader tells me he will give us the paper--in other words, what he wishes to bring up on this stimulus package--last Thursday night. In addition, last Thursday, he says if that is defeated, of course, we will amend the House bill. Neither of those things apparently is going to happen.  No. 1, we got a few moments ago the version of the Senate Finance Committee package that the majority leader wants to call up. We wish to read it. It is a fairly extensive package. Secondly, apparently it is no longer the case that if this package is not approved that we will amend the House bill. We all know the House bill needs to go back because it needs to be fixed because of the illegal immigration problem.  The majority leader has been arguing all along that the House bill was inadequate. So it would make no sense at all, if whatever the final version of the Finance Committee provision is not approved, why we would not want to add seniors and veterans and fix the immigration problem to the House bill.  There is a certain amount of spin in politics, but this is beyond spin. These are the facts. Three days last week--Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday--there were no votes on FISA because we could not get an agreement. Finally, on Thursday, we get an agreement on the FISA amendments, and the majority leader tells me he is going to give us the paper on what he is going to bring up on the stimulus. We got it a few moments ago. It is not unreasonable for the minority to read the proposal. To suggest from that it is a certainty we will not have anything voted on tomorrow, I would suggest to my good friend, the majority leader, is nonsense. We will insist on reading it. It is in the process of being read now. When we read it, we will be happy to communicate further with the distinguished majority leader.  