 President, I rise today to note Senate passage of H.R. 3890, the Tom Lantos Block Burmese JADE, Junta's Anti-Democratic Efforts, Act. This is bipartisan legislation that is now on its way to the President for his signature. In this effort, I was pleased to work closely again with my friend and colleague, Senator Biden of Delaware.  This bill--appropriately named in honor of Tom Lantos, a great champion of Burmese freedom and reconciliation--will further ratchet up the already strict sanctions against the State Peace and Development Council, SPDC, the grotesquely misnamed ruling junta. In doing so, it will restrict the importation of jade into the U.S. through other countries, one of the most lucrative sources of profit for the junta. It also enhances existing financial sanctions against the regime and includes new reporting requirements which will provide greater transparency about the junta. These reports include data about the SPDC's financial holdings; information about countries that provide military assistance to the regime; and background on the Burmese timber trade.  I would note that, like the annual Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act, this legislation does not interrupt the flow of humanitarian assistance to the people of Burma, who continue to struggle in the wake of Cyclone Nargis. By focusing the sanctions on the SPDC, this bill sends a clear message to the junta that the United States stands squarely with the freedom-loving people of Burma.  As my colleagues can tell you, passing legislation sometimes means you don't get everything you want. I have been on record for over a decade as supporting the divestment of U.S. energy interests in Burma. I would have preferred it if Congress had taken binding action in this bill to compel divestment, but including such a provision would have threatened passage of this important legislation. Nonetheless, I would point out that Congress makes its position on the issue quite clear by encouraging the voluntary divestment of all energy companies operating in Burma.  Finally, I would also like to express my appreciation for all those who have worked diligently on this legislation. In particular, I would like to thank Frank Jannuzi and Keith Luse of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee staff for their efforts.  