 President, reserving the right to object, I will make a short statement in response to what the majority leader has said before making an objection.  Last August, we passed a 6-month authorization which we called the Protect America Act, and it gave us plenty of time to complete our work. Yet our Democratic colleagues didn't put a bill on the Senate Floor until the week before Christmas. Even then, a Democratic filibuster forced the majority to pull it. We should have turned to it at the start of the year. Instead, we went to Indian health care. That caused another delay, which forced another extension. Our Democratic colleagues claimed this extension would give us enough time to complete our work. Unfortunately, that extension has come and gone.  The Senate used that time to overwhelmingly pass a bill that gives our intelligence professionals the tools they need to protect good corporate citizens whose assistance is essential. As a result, the Senate bill--the bipartisan Rockefeller-Bond bill--is the bill we know can get a Presidential signature. We also know a majority of the House, on a bipartisan basis, would pass it, if they had a chance to. Instead, the House has not used that time wisely. It refused to pass a bill that meets the minimum required criteria.  So now our Democratic colleagues want yet another extension as cover for their failure to responsibly act. What is needed, to keep the program going, is not another extension, not another delay. Rather, we need to get serious in protecting companies that helped protect our country. Right now, these companies face multibillion dollar lawsuits because they answered our call for help. We asked them to come help us. The Government is not in the communications business. They will not continue to help us if they are sued out of existence for doing so. If they do not help us, then, of course, we will not have a program at all.  In short, to ensure the continued functioning of this vital intelligence program, we need to protect our intelligence operations, not the trial lawyers. To address that concern, I ask unanimous consent to modify the UC the majority leader offered by including an amendment at the desk that would enact the liability protections passed by the Senate on an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 68 to 29. That is the liability title of the Rockefeller-Bond bill.  