 President, I rise today to pay tribute to a brave soldier from Kentucky who was lost in the performance of his duty. On September 11, 2005--4 years after the brutal attacks that compelled our Nation to fight the war on terror that we still fight today--MSG Clinton W. Cubert was on combat patrol in Samarra in Iraq. An improvised explosive device set by terrorists exploded under his humvee.  Master Sergeant Cubert, of Lawrenceburg, KY, sustained mortal injuries in the blast. He survived to be transported to the Lexington Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Lexington, KY, and was reunited with his family. He passed away on Easter Sunday, April 16, 2006, at the age of 38.  For his valor during service, Master Sergeant Cubert received numerous medals and awards, including the Meritorious Service Medal, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Purple Heart Medal.  Born in Texas, Clinton Cubert moved to Lawrenceburg with his family at an early age. His parents, C.D. and Virginia Cubert, raised a boy who loved the outdoors. As a child, Clinton enjoyed deer hunting, boating, fishing, or just about anything that took him outside.  Clinton enjoyed country music, especially Hank Williams, Jr. He drove what family members kindly called ``beat-up'' Ford trucks and liked to get under the hood and tinker with them to keep them running until they couldn't go anymore.  Family members called him ``Clinton,'' but he also earned an unusual nickname. Because Clinton was willing to trade his entire lunch for the one food he loved so much, his friends called him ``Cornbread.''  Clinton met Amy, his wife, in Lawrenceburg when they were both in their early twenties. Amy thought Clinton looked very handsome in his uniform. Clinton and Amy raised two wonderful young women, Alisha Danielle and Sarah Dawn.  Clinton enlisted in the National Guard in 1987 and went on to serve with distinction for nearly 19 years. Normally he worked in the Combined Support Maintenance Shop at the Guard's headquarters in Frankfurt, KY, the State capital. 