 President, facts are a stubborn thing--a very stubborn thing--and I am sure the Democrat leadership over in the House appreciates the efforts being made by the majority leader and the majority whip to protect them from the obvious. The obvious is--and they know this even at the University of Illinois--that the majority of the Senate has spoken, an overwhelming majority of the Senate, not just on final passage which was 68 to 29, and cloture, which was 69 to 29, but also the Feingold amendmentwas defeated 63 to 35, the Dodd amendment 67 to 31, the Feingold amendment 60 to 37, the Specter-Whitehouse amendment 68 to 30. This is not close. This bill went out of the Senate with a riproaring, bipartisan majority. And we know for a fact--and facts are a stubborn thing, I say to my good friend from Illinois--we know for a fact that the Rockefeller-Bond bill is supported by a bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives. We know that. It is a matter of simple addition. So why would we want to have a short-term extension to provide an opportunity to resolve a dispute that doesn't exist?  The majority has spoken in the Senate. The majority will speak in the House if given the opportunity to speak. They are being denied the opportunity to speak because the House runs in a different way from the Senate, and the House leadership can simply refuse to take up a matter that is supported by a bipartisan majority in the House. In this particular instance--talk about a publicity stunt or creating a crisis--what created the crisis was the refusal of the House of Representatives to act. Now, the notion that somehow they didn't have time--we have been dealing with this issue since last August--since last August. The House had previously sent a bill over here that was unacceptable. We are all familiar with the subject matter.  It is time to let a majority of the House of Representatives speak--legislate. They are waiting there to be given permission to ratify the fine work led by Senator Rockefeller and Senator Bond here in the Senate and ratified by a total of 68 out of 100.  So we have a crisis, but the crisis is created by the majority in the House and its refusal to accept the obvious, which is that a majority of the Congress wishes to pass the legislation in the form that will achieve a Presidential signature.  Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Texas for a question.  