 President, I rise to pay tribute to one of our bravest warriors who gave his life to defend us. U.S. Marine Corps CPT Eric D. Terhune of Lexington, KY, was conducting a security patrol in the Farah Province of Afghanistan on June 19, 2008, when he was killed by enemy small-arms fire. He was 34 years old.  For his heroism in service, Captain Terhune received several awards, medals and decorations, including the Strike/Flight Air Medal, the Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal, two National Defense Service Medals and the Armed Forces Service Medal.  Those who knew Captain Terhune would describe him as a man committed to serving his country and proud to wear the uniform. In fact, as his uncle, David Terhune, puts it, since Eric was born in a Naval hospital in Quantico, VA, where his father was on active duty, ``Eric was born a Marine.''  Eric was also committed to his faith. When family members expressed worry about his dangerous job, he told them, ``If I live, it's wonderful. But if I die, it's absent from the body and present with the Lord.''  Eric was raised in Lexington, attended Tates Creek Presbyteria Church and studied at Wheaton Academy in Wheaton, IL. As a kid he was active in everything from Cub Scouting and Boy Scouting to soccer and Little League baseball.  Eric was also a competitive swimmer who loved to hunt and scuba dive. As a marine, he would dive to collect shells and sharks' teeth in the many places the Corps sent him.  Once on a sail boat trip with his family, when it was Eric's turn to do the dishes after dinner, he came up with a creative cleaning method--he threw them in the ocean, put on his scuba gear, and retrieved the dishes from the water.  Upon high school graduation, Eric enlisted in the same branch his father and grandfather had once served in, the Marine Corps. After 4 years as a noncommissioned officer and a reconnaissance sharpshooter, Eric dreamt of becoming a Naval aviator like his dad.  This required a college degree. So with some encouragement from his grandparents, Daniel and Joy Terhune, he used his GI bill benefits to enroll at Morehead State University.  At Morehead, Eric made the honor roll and competed on the varsity rifle team. ``