 REID. Mr. President, I am objecting, and I will use leader time to make a statement.  It is obvious that everybody can see there were 59 votes in favor of this. We needed 60. They have played this game before, going only to 59, and they are going to try to wiggle out of it some way. The only way to wiggle out of this is to accept this legislation.  My friend, the Republican leader, said he wants Ranking Member Grassley to lead us to a bipartisan agreement. We have a leader. He is called the chairman of the committee. He is the chairman of the Finance Committee, Max Baucus, one of the most experienced Members of this body. And he also has some experience in the other body. He led us to what is the right thing to do.  The majority of the Senate--in fact, 59 Senators--approved what we are trying to do today. I say to all my friends, even if this request were granted and I laid this out in some detail, the House would not be able to pass it.  I wish I could use a better term, but I did not graduate from Harvard, Yale, or Princeton. This is a phony excuse, this is a phony exercise and leads us only down one path--no help for patients and cuts for doctors.  By the way, I don't mean to disparage those schools. They are OK.  If my Republican friends truly wanted to prevent the physician fee cut from taking effect, they would have supported passage of this bill. In the record that is now before this body are more than 200 organizations that are begging that this legislation pass. This is the only bill we can send to the President in time to meet the deadline, the deadline that is established by law, July 1. The House did its work. They passed a bipartisan compromise by a 6-to-1 margin, 355 House Members to 59.  Moreover, even if the 31-day proposal could be passed, it does not solve any problems. It is an administrative nightmare. Medicare physicians and the beneficiaries they serve want the House-passed bill. They are not served by this false proposal.  I, of course, object, as I hope the record reflects, to this request and hope that my Republican colleagues will finally--one more, we only need one, one more Republican will do the right thing. I have said we are all here by virtue of being elected by our respective States. I had out here earlier today our Velcro chart, 79 filibusters. Is it any wonder that the House seats that came up during the off year--Hastert's went Republican, a Republican district that went Democratic; a seat in Louisiana that was a longtime Republican seat went Democratic. Is it any wonder that the State of Mississippi sent us a Democratic House Member? It is no wonder because they see what is going on over here.  I am very sorry for the people of our country that this legislation did not pass. But I want the record spread--Democrats to the number, every one of us, except Senator Kennedy, who is ill, voted for this legislation. If Senator Kennedy was not ill, he would have been here to vote. He would have been the 60th vote. We understand they probably would have peeled off 1 and it would have been 59.  The record should reflect that Democrats support this legislation because it is good for the American people. A majority of the Senate, 59 Members of the Senate, voted for this legislation. We will be back, and my colleagues will have another opportunity to vote for this bill. It will be led by the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator Baucus.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I believe I have the floor.  