 President, this morning I pay tribute to a fallen soldier from my home State. SPC Sergio Abad was tragically killed in Wanat, Afghanistan, from wounds suffered by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades fired by the enemy on July 13, 2008. Army records listed Morganfield, KY, as Specialist Abad's home, and he was 21 years old.  For his valor on the battlefield, Specialist Abad received several medals, awards, and declarations, including the National Defense Service Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, the ArmyCommendation Medal with Combat Distinguishing Device ``V,'' the Purple Heart, and the Bronze Star.  Specialist Abad's adoptive mother, Marilyn Popko, relates a tale of his heroism in his final moments that explains just how such a young man earned that many medals and more. At a memorial service for Sergio at Arlington National Cemetery, a friend and fellow soldier of Sergio's who was at the battle told her Sergio kept fighting even after taking hits to his arms and thigh. With his brother soldier there to reload his gun for him, Sergio kept firing until he finally succumbed to his wounds and could fight no more.  ``It was his dream to be in the military, and he was living his dream when he was killed,'' Marilyn says.  Sergio was born and grew up in Florida. At the age of 7, he was removed from an abusive home and placed with relatives. By middle school, young Sergio had become part of not just one Florida family but two: the Popkos and the Pittses, both of whom already had children around his age.  ``He would stay with us a while, then go to stay with Lori Pitts's family,'' Marilyn recalls.  Thanks to the support of the Popkos and Pittses, a child with an unhappy start in life received plenty of support and love. He called both Marilyn Popko and Lori Pitts ``Mommy.'' Paul Pitts and Stephen Popko were both ``Dad.''  Growing up, Sergio participated in Junior ROTC and studied karate at a local martial arts studio. Sergio ``was really athletic and could knock out hundreds of push-ups with no problem,'' says Marybeth Klock-Perez, who ran the studio where Sergio practiced. For someone who had ``been dealt really unfair cards in life, he was absolutely never bitter. He never used excuses or acted like the world owed him.''  COL Eddie Santana ran Sergio's Junior ROTC Program. He was ``an outstanding young leader--very disciplined and committed,'' the colonel remembered. ``He always knew what he wanted to do: join the Army.''  Sergio traded the Sunshine State for the Bluegrass State in 2005 when he came to the Earle C. Clements Center in Morganfield, KY, to earn his GED. After he received it, he entered basic training at Fort Benning, GA, and then was stationed in Italy for a year with Company C, 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry.  ``It was one of the best times he ever had,'' Marilyn Popko says. ``He went to Germany, Switzerland, France. And he loved jumping out of airplanes.''  Amidst all this adventure, Sergio also fell in love. He met Christina, and the two planned to marry in the summer of 2008. 