 Although John is the youngest Senator, he is one of our brightest. A reporter once wrote that one of John's fellow Senators said that if we were ever to lose John, the rest of us would have to argue over who would be the smartest person in the Senate. But as long as we had John around, there was no argument.  John impressed people at a young age, earning both a bachelor's and master's degree in mechanical engineering from MIT and an MBA from Harvard. He received real-world experience working as an engineer in jobs I daresay few of our colleagues could try to explain, myself included.  Then one day a seat from New Hampshire in the House of Representatives opened up, and John took a good long look at it. John has never been the kind of man who felt he deserved a job on the public payroll. He did not crave the power and respect that came with holding office. Yet we are certainly thankful his great State has sent him here.  Now, 12 years later, I think we can say with confidence that New Hampshirites could not have had a more dedicated and principled public servant.  After 6 years of service in the House, New Hampshire sent John to this Chamber in 2002. To reach the Senate, he had to face an incumbent Senator in the primary and then a sitting Governor in the general. Since then, John has compiled a record of which every citizen of the Granite State can be proud.  A student of the free market, John strongly believes lower taxes promote growth and expand opportunities. That is why he fought so hard to extend the ban on taxes to access the Internet. That tax ban was signed into law, and it protects consumers from taxes on Internet access, e-mail, and instant messaging for 7 years.  Just think, if online communications and commerce grow as rapidly over the next 7 years as they have over the past 7, John's tax ban will not only have promoted economic growth, it will have spared countless small businesses and families from a tremendous burden. For that, he deserves all of our thanks.  John's voice was one of the loudest to say that we must tackle tough issues now, such as entitlements and the future of Social Security. He stood up time and again, calling on Congress to reduce Government spending, expand telecommunications service to rural areas, and clean up air pollution.  He also learned firsthand the principle that has made America great, our commitment to personal freedom. It is what this country was founded on. John understands what makes America work is not what we do in this Chamber but what millions of Americans do every day for their families and communities.  John is a kind and compassionate man who is a joy to know. I remember well when the senior Senator from Pennsylvania underwent chemotherapy in 2005 as part of his treatment for Hodgkin's disease.  Like many chemotherapy recipients, the Senator from Pennsylvania's hair fell out. In a generous act of solidarity with his colleague, John shaved his head. That certainly took more commitment than sending a get-well card. But that is John Sununu.  John, I am going to miss you. It has been an honor to work by your side over these past 6 years. It has been a joy to know you, your lovely wife Kitty, and your family.  I want them and you to know that we in the Senate admire the depth of your convictions and the strength of your heart. I am sure that whatever the future holds for you, you will be a huge success.  