 For 12 years, he has made the people of Oregon proud by serving as a model legislator: thoughtful, independent, and focused on getting results for our country and his State.  Gordon heard the call to serve others early in life, becoming an Eagle Scout as a boy and taking a 2-year mission to New Zealand for his church. He earned his bachelor's degree at Brigham Young University and his law degree at Southwestern University.  He then bought back the family business, a frozen vegetable company, and transformed it into one of the largest and most profitable in the country. With Gordon's departure, we are losing the Senate's only member of the Frozen Food Hall of Fame.  Gordon's desire to serve led him to run for the Oregon State Senate in 1992. His peers recognized the star in their midst when they elevated him first to minority leader, then to Senate president during his first term in office.  Gordon then entered a special election to fill a vacant U.S. Senate seat. Election day fell in January 1996, and Gordon lost that race--the winner was our colleague, his fellow Senator from Oregon.  But then Gordon did something no one else has ever done, and proved to the people of the Beaver State how much he cared about making sure every Oregonian's voice was heard in Washington.  He ran for the Senate again in the regularly scheduled election later that year, making him the only American in history to run for two Senate seats in the same year. The people of Oregon gave him their trust and Gordon has never let them down.  Oregonians can rightfully be proud of his conservation record, as he championed legislation to successfully secure the protection of 170,000 acres of wilderness on Steen Mountain and the Bull Run watershed.  While protecting our natural resources, he also understands the importance of the many working Oregonians who depend on his State's natural resources for their livelihood. The foremost example of his work in that regard is his tireless effort to protect the farmers of the Klamath Basin area, and keep their agricultural lands in production.  He has fought to lower the number of uninsured and drive healthcare costs down, and has been a tireless advocate for the disabled and mentally ill.  He has sponsored legislation to strengthen the prosecution of child-exploitation cases, fought for new protections against Internet predators, and led the effort to increase funding for programs that help victims of rape, sexual assault and domestic violence.  Gordon has also been a leading voice on issues of education, and has fought to secure rural schools throughout Oregon. And he has fought for lower taxes, so more Oregonians can keep more of what they earn.  But there is one issue in particular where Gordon led the way in a very personal manner for a cause close to his heart. In 2003, Gordon's son, Garrett, committed suicide just one day before his 22nd birthday.  The torment a parent must feel after losing a child must be the worst horror imaginable. No amount of sympathy, no words, nothing any of us could do could possibly ease the pain in Gordon's and his family's hearts.  Yet even in his grief, Gordon showed us the strength of his character when he wrote about his loss in his moving memoir, ``Remembering Garrett.'' And he channeled his sadness into successful legislation, the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act, to create screening programs to identify and help youths at risk for suicide.  I'll never forget his powerful words on behalf of that legislation in this very chamber. He said:       [There's] no owner's manual to help you bury a child,      especially when the cause is suicide. So I've committed      myself to trying to find meaning in Garrett's life.  Gordon, with that brave act you prevented the tragedy of suicide from befalling countless other families. I can think of no more profound example of strength and leadership than that.  Every Senator knows what a pleasure it is to work with Gordon. He believes we were sent here to find solutions, not confrontations. And for every day he has served in public office, finding solutions has been his goal.  Gordon, it has been a privilege to work with you these many years, and to spend time with you and your wife Sharon. America is a stronger Nation thanks to your dedication and spirit of public service. Please don't forget you have many friends here, and we all wish you well in your bright future.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from Oregon is recognized.  