 President, my home State of Kentucky is mourning the loss of a brave young soldier. On August 31, 2005, SPC Jason E. Ames was killed while serving his country in Mosul, Iraq. Hailing from Cerulean, KY, Specialist Ames was 21 years old.  For his valor in uniform, Specialist Ames received several medals, decorations, and awards, including the Army Commendation Medal, the Good Conduct Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, and the Combat Infantryman Badge.  Jason was taken from his loved ones much too soon. But those closest to him know he packed his 21 years with all he could. ``Jason was always a happy-go-lucky person,'' says his mom Susan Foust. ``Whatever he encountered . . . he did it with a lot of life and a lot of laughter.''  Born in Illinois to a military family, Jason moved around a lot as a kid and saw many parts of the world. Wherever he went, he made his own fun.  Susan recalls:       Jason loved to play Army as a child and played it often      with kids in the neighborhood. He made a suit out of      camouflage netting, sticks, and leaves. Using the military      acronym for Battle Dress Uniform--  She says--     he would also wear his mother's BDUs.  Susan also says:       Another favorite of Jason's was riding in his mother's      Dodge convertible with the top down, no matter the weather,      and listening to ``Danger Zone'' from ``Top Gun.''  Young Jason could also rely on the companionship of man's best friend. As Susan explains it:       Jason would often play in the woods for hours while trying      to hide from the family dog named Moocher. I would tell      Moocher to find Jason, and no matter how well hidden Jason      thought he was, Moocher would find him.  Jason eventually settled in Cerulean, a town in Trigg County, in the southwestern part of my State. He attended Trigg County High School in Cadiz and graduated in 2003.  Even before reaching high school graduation, however, Jason felt strongly that he wanted to serve his country. Perhaps he was influenced by the respect for duty and service that ran deep in his family. At the age of 17, while still in high school, he asked his mother to grant her permission for him to enlist. Susan wanted Jason to wait until he turned 18, but Jason was so eager he convinced his mom to let him go ahead and sign up.  ``We supported him with whatever decision he made,'' Susan says.  Jason enlisted and became an infantryman. By the time he was deployed to Iraq in October 2004, he was assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 21st Infantry Regiment, 1st Brigade, 25th Infantry Division, based in Fort Lewis, WA.  Sadly, Jason's life was taken just a few weeks shy of when he was due to return home and shortly before his 21st birthday.  