 President, the problem, I say to my good friend, the majority leader, is he wants to dictate the terms of the debate in the Senate, as if we were in the House. What he has done repeatedly, of course, is filed needless cloture motions and then filled the tree. All this parliamentary gobbledygook, I guess, is confusing to the American public. But the Senate has historically been a freewheeling place, where both sides had to cast difficult votes.  I remember when my party was in the majority. Senator Lott and Senator Frist used to say to all of us: The price of being in the majority is you have to cast a significant number of bad votes in order to get a bill through. My good friend, the Democratic leader, has decided he wants to protect his Members from having to cast votes they don't like. So what he does,through a parliamentary procedure that is permissible in the Senate, is make it impossible for the minority to offer amendments that they want and, of course, the minority's reaction to that is to not let a bill without any of their imprint succeed.  With regard to the substantive issue that is before us, the Los Angeles Times, certainly not anywhere near a conservative newspaper, in criticizing both sides on the gas price issue, this morning had this to say about the proposals my good friend and most in his party are advocating--windfall profits tax and the effort to sue OPEC. This is what the L.A. Times had to say this morning:       Exhibit A in the case against congressional Democrats as      wise stewards of the energy economy is which failed to      advance Tuesday after it got too few votes to head off a      filibuster. It would have imposed a windfall-profits tax on      oil companies and allowed the U.S. attorney general to sue      OPEC on antitrust grounds, among other things.  They are describing the central provisions of the bill we decided not to go forward with yesterday. And this is what they had to say about those two proposals:       Trying to find an economist who thinks a windfall profits      tax is a good idea is like searching for a climatologist who      thinks global warming is caused by trees.  This is one of the most liberal editorial pages in America. Let me say it again. This is what they said about the windfall profits tax:       Trying to find an economist who thinks a windfall profits      tax is a good idea is like searching for a climatologist who      thinks global warming is caused by trees. Such a tax unfairly      targets the oil industry, which is already amply taxed and      whose profits aren't far out of line with other U.S.      industries when considered as a percentage of sales. It also      would discourage oil companies from investing in new supply,      which is precisely what happened when Congress imposed a      similar tax in 1980. The result might be even higher oil      prices.  We have been there and we have done this. We know what happens.       That's nothing compared with the lunacy of taking the      Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to court,      though. That would invite retaliation by OPEC members, which      could seize the assets of U.S. companies doing business      overseas. More likely, there would be a subtler response,      such as production slowdowns that would cause oil prices to      skyrocket.  One of the most liberal editorial pages in America about what my good friend the majority leader is suggesting is somehow, some way, the solution to higher oil prices at the pump.  This is a debate we welcome. We intend to participate vigorously today. There is no way--I repeat, no way--to get a handle on this issue without taking greater advantage of the oil production we have within our shores that we can explore for and develop in environmentally sensitive ways. I think it is noteworthy, for example, that there was not a single reported example of spillage in the gulf during the Katrina hurricane. I mean, that had to be, quite possibly, the most devastating hurricane to ever hit the United States of America. I am unaware of a single reported example of any spillage in the offshore drilling that is going on in the gulf.  We know how to do this, Mr. President. We know how to exploit our resources in an environmentally sensitive way. So I welcome the debate. We are happy to be on the subject, and many of my Members, of course, will be looking forward to discussing it during the course of the day.  I yield the floor.  