 REID. I will in a short time, but let me also say this. I only point this out to show how Orwellian my friend's statements are. They wish they could offer amendments on the bill? Now, think about that for a minute. Why aren't we offering amendments on the bill? Because they won't let us. We have tried working, as I have indicated, in every possible way--two amendments, germane, relevant, five amendments. No.  So I would also say, with judges, let the world understand that there is no crisis in the judiciary. The Federal judiciary vacancy rate is the lowest it has been in decades--not a few days, weeks, months, years--decades.  I, with the consent and understanding of my friend, Pat Leahy, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, pledged that I would use my good faith to have the Senate consider three court of appeals nominees before the Memorial Day recess. I didn't say who they would be. And we tried very hard.  I stated explicitly that we couldn't guarantee--and that is in the record--I couldn't guarantee the outcome because it depended on factors beyond my control. The Senate did in fact confirm Virginia Supreme Court Judge Steven Agee to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in May. In addition, Chairman Leahy expedited Judiciary Committee consideration of two seats to the Michigan Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in light of the pledge I made. These nominations were the result of many years of negotiations between the White House and Michigan Senators. This has been going on for 6 years.  Unfortunately, Republicans on the Judiciary Committee objected to expedited consideration of the Michigan nominees. One of them had already been approved to be a Federal district court judge. This is now to be a circuit court judge. He already had an ABA approval of high ranking, high approval. They said: No, we want the ABA findings again before we are allowed to do anything. As a result, it was impossible to have the Senate consider these two additional nominees before the recess, despite my best efforts.  We have treated President Bush's judicial nominations with far greater deference than President Clinton was afforded by a Republican-controlled Senate. Mr. President, 70 Clinton nominees were denied hearings or floor consideration. Three-quarters of President Bush's court of appeals nominees have been confirmed while only half of President Clinton's appellate nominations were confirmed. My friend says what goes around comes around. We are not following that because we believe we should not treat them like they treated us. I said that a long time ago, and we have not. We have been generous in what we have done. The lowest vacancy rate in the Federal system for decades is what we now have.  Last year the Senate confirmed 40 judges, more than during any of the three previous years with Republicans in charge. Let me say to my friend, and I am going to yield to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee--let me say to my friend, the distinguished Republican leader: Everyone knows, even though it sometimes has been painful for all of us, that the chairman of the Judiciary Committee wants a recorded vote on these judges. That has been a standard rule that we have had.  We have three on the calendar, and I understand two more you reported out today, or very recently. We have five district court judges. I say to my friend, the Judiciary Committee member who takes as much guff as any Member of the Senate because of this committee, he has the most sensitive issues that come before this body, and he holds up very well and is a patient man. But as I say, I ask the question through the Chair to my friend: Has anyone come to you in the last week and said they wanted to do a district court judge?  