 President, all across the country this week, Americans will honor the law enforcement officers who keep our Nation safe and paying solemn tribute to those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. Peace Officers' Memorial Day and Police Week is a time to thank all those who keep us safe, and a time to be grateful for all who have served.  As the Jefferson County Judge Executive in Louisville, KY, I had a strong relationship with the local police force. I was always proud of the department and its leadership and the rank and file officers who worked hard to protect and defend Louisville. I remember the pride we felt when we brought county and city police together to create the Crimes Against Children Unit, and the pride the officers felt when they made it a model for the rest of the country.  Louisville has changed a lot since then, and so has America. On September 11 we awoke to an enemy that has no regard for human life and that has repeatedly expressed its intent to destroy our Nation. We have seen the horror these people can inflict on our cities. And we take them at their word when they say that they plan to do it again. It is because of this threat that today we have an even deeper appreciation for the men and women who enforce our laws, not just as first responders to crime, but as a first line of defense against potential terrorist attacks.  During this Peace Officers' Memorial Day and Police Week, we honor the contributions of our police officers and other keepers of the peace. We remember the sacrifice of those who have fallen in the line of duty, including Officer Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson, who gave their lives right here in the Capitol ten years ago. It was July 24, 1998) when they, as it now says on the plaque commemorating their heroism, ``bravely gave their lives defending the United States Capitol.''  We express our gratitude to the families of America's peace officers and police, who make sacrifices large and small so their loved ones can keep the rest of us safe.  I yield the floor.  