 President, I rise to speak about a soldier who gave his life in the performance of his duty. On October 17, 2006, SSG Garth D. Sizemore of Mount Sterling, KY, was on patrol in Baghdad when he was targeted by a terrorist sniper attack that tragically took his life. He was 31 years old.  Staff Sergeant Sizemore had permission to take some rest and relaxation at the base that day, but he bravely volunteered to go on patrol. After a first tour of duty in the strife-ridden area of Fallujah, Iraq, this was his second tour of duty in that desert country.  For his bravery in uniform, Staff Sergeant Sizemore received numerous medals and awards, including the Noncommissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbon, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Purple Heart.  A fellow soldier once asked Staff Sergeant Sizemore how he felt about serving his second tour in Iraq. Staff Sergeant Sizemore replied, ``Hey man, I'd rather be at home with my wife, and giving my cat a hard time, but if fighting the enemy here in Iraq keeps the enemy from fighting me in my own country, then this is where I belong.''  Staff Sergeant Sizemore had served in the U.S. Army since 1999, and both his mother, Carolyn Sizemore, and his father, Glenn Sizemore, are veterans.  Carolyn and Glenn raised a boisterous boy who loved spending time outdoors, whether camping, kayaking, or rappelling. He participated in Future Farmers of America. He enjoyed rock music and learned how to play the guitar. ``He liked being active,'' says Garth's father, Glenn.  Glenn recalls the time he and a 16-year-old Garth went to a cousin's farm to practice pistol shooting. On the way there, Garth told his dad that he had dreamed the night before that, while shooting his gun, a bullet got stuck in the end of it. That very day, while target shooting, the same thing happened to Garth's pistol.  Glenn never forgot Garth's prophetic dream, and attributed it to his Native American heritage on his mother's side. An avid gun collector, Garth accumulated many rifles and pistols that he had gathered over the years.  Garth attended Montgomery County High School and later received his GED. He attended Morehead State University for a while, and then chose to enlist in the U.S. Army as a career. Starting out with the mechanized infantry in Fort Hood, TX, Garth quickly advanced.  ``I loved working with Staff Sergeant Sizemore because he took his job very seriously and made sure everyone else took their job seriously as well,'' says SSG Raja Richardson.  ``When young soldiers arrived to the unit, Staff Sergeant Sizemore would always remind us by saying, `