 President, I hardly know where to start, but let me start with the issue of judges.  The reason it was necessary to make our hard-working and dedicated clerical staff here read the amendment today was to make the Senate understand that commitments are important. The most important thing Senators have--the currency of the realm, if you will, in the Senate--is their word. When you give your word, you are supposed to keep your word.  On the issue of judicial confirmations, my good friend the majority leader and I discussed this matter publicly at the beginning of this Congress, and we agreed that President Bush, in the last 2 years of his term, should be treated as well as President Reagan, Bush 41, and President Clinton were treated in the last 2 years of their tenures in office because there was one common thread, and that was that the Senate was controlled by the opposition party.  What has become contentious around here in recent years is the confirmation of circuit judges. So we agreed we ought to try to hit the average for each of those Presidents in the last 2 years of their terms, and the average was 17. The low number was President Clinton, with 15. That was the goal. It was clear by April of this year that there was no intent to meet that goal, and so we had a skirmish here on the floor over going to a bill. We reached an agreement. The majority leader indicated we would do three circuit judges before the Memorial Day recess. We did one. That commitment was not kept.  Now, the Senate is not the House. The minority does have rights in the Senate. Most things that are accomplished in the Senate are accomplished on a bipartisan, cooperative basis. Members of the Republican conference believe strongly that commitments ought to be kept. So by the reading of the amendment today, people got a chance to think about the importance of commitments in this body that can only function when our word is kept. Other efforts will be made to drive that point home.  And just keeping the commitment that was made for May--that was not kept--is not enough. We are seven judges away from equaling President Clinton in the last 2 years of his term--15. Time is ticking away. That commitment should be kept for the good of this institution.  I think it is important to remind our good friends on the other side of the aisle that the shoe might be on the other foot. They might be making the nominations. Why would they want to set a precedent such as this that could come back to bite them so quickly? There is a growing sense of anger on this side of the aisle over this issue, and what tends to go around comes around in the Senate. This is a precedent we ought not to set, and I think the adults on the other side of the aisle understand that this is a precedent that ought not to be set for the good of either party. So we will be continuing to look for opportunities to make the point that commitments ought to be kept.  Now, with regard to the underlying bill, let me disabuse our colleagues or anyone else who may be listening of the notion that members of the Republican conference are not interested in having amendments on this bill. This is the most massive reorganization of the American economy since the 1930s--some believe a $6.7 trillion tax increase. Looking at Kentucky alone, it could mean up to $6,000 a year for my people, and the GAO says a 53-cents-a-gallon gas tax increase over the next 20 years.  No matter how you look at this--my good friend the majority leader says this is necessary to save the planet--no matter how you look at it, it is an important bill. This is an important bill. This is no small bill, and we are being put in the position, with the tree being filled tonight and with cloture being filed, to have this massive, significant bill in effect voted on without any amendments.  An interesting parallel--and I see my good friend the Senator from Virginia, who is actually a supporter of this bill and a cosponsor of it, sitting here in the Chamber. He and I were here in 1990, as was the majority leader, when we did the clean air amendments, which was a major piece of legislation. It was not as big as this bill but a big, important bill. The Democrats were in control of the House and Senate. There was a Republican in the White House. How did we handle the clean air amendments of 1990 under George Mitchell, then the Democratic leader? We had 5 weeks of debate on the floor of the Senate and we had 180 amendments. Everybody knew it was an important measure. It deserved the attention and the participation of 100 Members of the Senate, not 1 Member--the majority leader--determining which amendments would get to be offered and in the end asking the Senate to accept a procedure under which no amendments would be offered. Now, Mr. President, by any objective standard, that is not a serious effort to legislate. You can't cram a measure of this magnitude down the throat of the Senate or the American people with that little scrutiny or observation.  With regard to the notion that somehow everybody had a chance to look at this bill, we got it at 11:15 this morning--the substitute at 11:15 this morning. You could argue that the vast majority of the Members on this side of the aisle were reading it for the first time along with the clerks. So this hasn't been laying around for months. The idea that we would go to such a measure may have been around for a while, and it was--and the majority leader did indicate we would go to this bill after the Memorial Day recess, but what was going to be in it? We learned about that this morning.  Thirdly, with regard to nominations, we were prepared to move a nominations package tonight, but the nominations package that was presented was basically negotiated between the Democratic majority and the White House. There is another entity, and that is the Republicans in the Senate. We sought to make some adjustments to the nominations package, which, interestingly enough, included some district judges who are on the Executive Calendar. Now, district judges have not typically been controversial. Are we now to believe that even district judges who have come out of the committee and are on the calendar are a matter of controversy? Is there nothing on which we can agree? Is that the Senate today?  Somebody needs to--and I think it is incumbent upon the majority leader and myself--to restore a certain level of comity around here so we can function. How in the world did the situation deteriorate to the point where district judges who have been reported out of the committee and are sitting here on the calendar are a matter of controversy?  That is where we are as of the evening of June 4, and I think we need to have some serious discussions off the floor of the Senate as to how we can unravel the problems that have been created by the mistreatment of the circuit judge nominations of the President of the United States. I think we need to remind ourselves that when we make commitments to our colleagues here in the Senate, they need to be kept. And it is time to stop this sort of spiral downward that has developed as a result of the apparent refusal to make any serious effort to keep commitments which have been made, which colleagues depend on, and which are essential to the Senate functioning the way it needs to function.  Mr. President, one final observation about the underlying bill. We have enjoined the debate on this bill and would love to be able to amend it. We think it is not a 1-week bill; we think it isclearly a multiweek bill. If the Clean Air Act of 1990 was a 5-week bill, this is certainly at least a month bill. And at whatever point the majority gets serious about climate change legislation, then we need to set aside enough time to give the entire Senate an opportunity first of all to read it and, second, to offer serious amendments to the measure.  I think probably enough has been said today about where we are. Hopefully, tomorrow, after a good night's sleep, we can take a look at all these matters and see if we can get the Senate back on track to develop a level of comity necessary for us to function in the way in which the Senate has historically functioned.  I yield the floor.  