 President, I am honored to rise today to speak on the life and legacy of Lyndon Baines Johnson. He served his country as a teacher, naval officer, Congressman, Senator, Vice President, and finally President of the United States. In every stop along the way of his storied career, he blazed new boundaries of the possible in American politics.  When Lyndon Johnson first came to this body in January 1949, he was teased by his fellow Senators with the nickname ``Landslide Lyndon,'' due to his victory in the Texas senatorial primary election by just 87 votes. Within a few years he had taken the fastest path to being elected a floor leader in Senate history.  Johnson went on to serve as both minority leader and majority leader during the 8 years of the Eisenhower administration, and shaped legislation dealing with the Cold War, agriculture, labor and civil rights.  Lyndon Johnson showed the same compassion and courtesy to the Texas rancher or the destitute living in America's deepest pockets of poverty as he did to the powerful and the mighty. In fact, through his generosity of spirit, he made a friend out of one special Pakistani camel-cart driver.  Some of my colleagues who are old enough may remember that in 1961, as Vice President, Johnson toured the country of Pakistan and at one point stopped to meet an illiterate camel-cart driver named Bashir Ahmad.  Still displaying his Texan manners half a world away, the Vice President told the man, ``You all come to Washington and see us sometime.'' Imagine his surprise when Bashir Ahmad decided to take him up on his request.  But the quick-thinking Johnson turned his unexpected guest's visit into a boon for American-Pakistani relations. He met Ahmad personally at the airport, to see the man at the end of his first-ever jet plane ride.  Johnson treated his guest to a barbecue at the LBJ ranch in Texas, enabled him to step onto the floor of this U.S. Senate, and arranged for his visit to the Lincoln Memorial.  He even brought together the camel-cart driver and the former U.S. President, Harry Truman, who was so taken with Ahmad's eloquence that he referred to the Pakistani visitor as ``His Excellency.''  The final Johnson touch came just as Bashir Ahmad was about to board his plane for the ride home back to Pakistan. He opened a telegram from the Vice President which read: ``Since your return to Pakistan takes you so close to Mecca, arrangements have been made . . . for you to visit there.''  This was just one example of many of the canny Texan's consummate political skills.  Now just like Bashir Ahmad, I had the honor of being in Lyndon Johnson's presence once, and for a very momentous occasion. In August 1965, I came here, to our Nation's Capitol, to visit Senator John Sherman Cooper.  In 1964, after receiving my undergraduate degree from the University of Louisville, I worked as an intern for Senator Cooper and watched up close as he applied his wisdom and experience to the issues that gripped Kentucky and the Nation in the 1960s.  After completing my first year in law school, I came back to Washington to visit the Senator who had become my mentor and friend.  I was waiting to see Senator Cooper in his outer office when suddenly he emerged and motioned for me to follow him. We walked together from his office in Russell 125 to the Capitol Rotunda, where I saw more people, and more security, than I had ever seen before.  Then Senator Cooper told me what was happening: President Johnson was about to sign the Voting Rights Act, an act that was the culmination of Lyndon Johnson's years of effort in support of civil rights that had begun when he still served in the Senate.  Soon enough, the President emerged. Every good biography of President Johnson describes him as a larger- than-life man, with an imposing physical presence. Let me testify right now, from personal experience, that they are correct.  President Johnson seemed to tower a head taller than anyone else in the room. He was a commanding figure that immediately filled the Rotunda.  A journalist once described a typical Lyndon Johnson entrance as ``the Western movie barging into the room''--it's hard to put it better than that.  I was overwhelmed to witness such a moment in history. As he was about to sign the legislation that he would later point to as his greatest accomplishment, President Johnson said, ``Today is a triumph for freedom as huge as anyvictory that has ever been won on any battlefield.''  Although I am sure that if my good friend Phil Gramm, the former Senator from LBJ's own Lone Star State, were here, he would add one more honor that ranked above all the rest: Lyndon Baines Johnson, Texan.  Today this U.S. Senate recognizes the legacy of Lyndon Baines Johnson and his many achievements. I join with my colleagues today in asking all Americans to celebrate the Lyndon B. Johnson Centennial.  