 President, we need to get back to first principles around here. The Democratic majority scheduled the hearing my good friend references in a way that would violate the standing rules of the Senate. Rule 26.5 provides:       Notwithstanding any other provision of the rules, when the      Senate is in session, no committee of the Senate or any      subcommittee thereof may meet, without special leave, after      the conclusion of the first two hours after the meeting of      the Senate commenced and in no case after two o'clock . . .      unless consent therefor has been obtained from the majority      leader and the minority leader . . .  Typically, as we all know, the minority provides consent for committees to violate rule 26.5. The minority routinely provides this consent, frankly, in the interest of comity. But comity also requires the majority to treat the minority fairly which means, at a minimum, that the majority needs to keep its commitments to the minority. If commitments in this body are not kept, then comity breaks down. If that occurs, the minority will not routinely grant consent to those matters that we usually do. In this case, we have unfulfilled commitments with respect to treating circuit court judges fairly. It is the middle of June. The Senate has only confirmed eight circuit court nominees. This is less than half the number the majority leader and I agreed to at the beginning of the Congress. It is barely half the number of circuit court nominees that a Republican Senate confirmed in President Clinton's final Congress. More troubling, the chairman has threatened to soon stop confirming circuit court nominees altogether here in June.  The Republican conference does not consider this lack of progress and thinly veiled threat to be, frankly, in good faith. Not surprisingly, it is, therefore, not inclined to freely give its consent to matters that are important to the majority. That is the way things work around here. As I have said before, the Senate works best when there is a spirit of cooperation. Absent that spirit, the minority will be compelled to protect its rights using all protections afforded it under Senate rules.  There is an easy solution to the problem. We have been talking about it both privately and publicly over the last few months. The majority needs to start confirming circuit court nominees, at least those who meet the chairman's own criteria.  And it seems to me that before the committee spends its time creating new vacancies, which is what the hearing today was about, it needs to workon filling the vacancies that already exist. Unfortunately, the Judiciary Committee is moving at a glacial pace toward that end. It has only held two circuit court hearings this year. Before that, it hadn't held a single one since last September. We have no indication that it is going to pick up the pace. There are several outstanding nominees who have been sitting in committee who meet the chairman's criteria. Until they are treated fairly, the majority will find our cooperation increasingly hard to come by.  