 It is hard to know where to begin with a woman who has done it all and is admired across America.  There is an old saying that all politics is local. That is true even for the Senator from North Carolina, who was the first viable female candidate for President, held two different Cabinet positions, and worked for four Presidents. You see, Elizabeth's first campaign was for the presidency of her third grade Bird Club. She won that race.  Elizabeth began impressing many early on as she earned her bachelor's degree from Duke University and both a master's and a law degree from Harvard. Of the 550 members of her Harvard Law class, only 29 were women.  From there, Elizabeth went to the White House Office of Consumer Affairs, and then the Federal Trade Commission. In 1972, she met a Senator from Kansas when she lobbied him on a consumer-affairs issue.  In 1975, Elizabeth and Bob Dole were married in Washington Cathedral, creating one of the most prominent and successful partnerships in American public life.  Elizabeth later headed President Reagan's Public Liaison Office, and then in 1983 became his Secretary of Transportation. She served for 4\1/2\ years, longer than any previous transportation secretary at that time. And as transportation secretary, she was fond of pointing out that she was the first woman to ever head a branch of the Armed Services: the Coast Guard.  When her husband Bob introduced Elizabeth at her confirmation hearings, he displayed some of his trademark wit by remarking, ``I only regret that I have but one wife to give for my country's infrastructure.''  When Elizabeth had her turn at the microphone, she got him right back. She assured the committee that she knew all about airbags, because she had been driving around with one for years.  In 1989, Elizabeth became one of the few Americans honored to lead more than one Federal department by becoming the first President Bush's Secretary of Labor. Among the highlights of her tenure there was playing a key role in resolving a bitter 11-month coal strike in southwest Virginia.  I would even go so far as to say that Elizabeth was the second-best Secretary of Labor this country's ever had.  Elizabeth went on to become the president of the Red Cross, and revitalized that important institution. And of course, she became a familiar face to all Americans in 1996 when Bob became the Republican nominee for President of the United States, and when Elizabeth blazed yet another trail in 2000 as the first viable female candidate for that same office.  During her time here in the Senate, Elizabeth used the same desk her husband used. From behind that desk, she has been a powerful advocate for her State and her country.  North Carolinians can be proud of her record to strengthen our military and to support military personnel and veterans. She worked to craft a farm bill to benefit North Carolina agriculture. She has done much to address hunger in America, by championing tax incentives to encourage volunteerism and charitable giving, and through grant programs to benefit food banks and relief organizations.  The ``Dole'' in the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program may be for her husband, Bob, as the program is named after him and former Senator George McGovern. But it was Elizabeth Dole who secured more than $400 million for the McGovern-Dole program to go toward school-feeding and child-nutrition programs in the world's poorest countries.  Let me take this moment to say, on behalf of my wife Elaine and myself, that Elizabeth and Bob have been dear friends of ours for many years. In fact, had it not been for Elizabeth, Elaine probably never would have come to Washington in the first place, therefore I obviously never would have met her, so I feel a special obligation to--and thanks to--Senator Dole for that. We value their friendship, and I know we will continue to do so for many years to come.  Elizabeth, I want to thank you for always bringing wisdom, grace and integrity to this chamber. Over decades of accomplishments in many prominent posts, you have served the people of America and of North Caroline extremely well.  I know your constituents are proud, and Bob is proud, of your service. Elaine and I wish you both well in whatever the future has in store for you. And we look forward to hearing all about it.  