 President, the only thing I would add with regard to my earlier comments, just picking, forexample, the North Carolina judge, the Fourth Circuit is a judicial emergency. The chairman of the Judiciary Committee has set forward some standards. His first standard: If a vacancy is deemed to be a judicial emergency, it should be addressed quickly. That is the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. In the case of the Fourth Circuit, it has been declared a judicial emergency. It is one-third vacant. The nominee from North Carolina, to pick an example, is not controversial, has a unanimously well qualified from the ABA. The blue slips are back from both North Carolina Senators. My only point to my good friend, the majority leader, was it would seem not to be fair, when you have a nominee pending for a long time who is not controversial, upon which the blue slips have been returned, where there are two Republican Senators, for that nominee to be in effect moved to the back of the bus while you handle nominees nominated more recently from a State with two Democratic Senators or a State with one Democrat and one Republican Senator.  What I am pleading for is a sense of fairness. I believe in the case of both North Carolina and South Carolina, with the judicial emergency existing on the Fourth Circuit, you could make a strong case that they should be dealt with first under the standards of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. But in particular I cite the nominee from North Carolina because he has been declared noncontroversial, had the unanimous ABA approval rating, and has been pending for hundreds of days. I don't know why we couldn't meet the goal the majority leader has set out of doing three circuit court nominees before Memorial Day. There is no reason not to. There are enough ready to be dealt with who don't require additional paperwork.  So I guess my question of the majority leader is, What is his view as to the likelihood that we would get three circuit judges confirmed before the Memorial Day recess?  