 President, my good friend, the majority leader, and I, I think at the beginning of this conference--and I believe this is a correct characterization of where we were; I am sure he can disabuse me of the notion if it is not a direct characterization of where we were--we felt at the very least, President Bush, with regard to circuit court nominees, should be treated as well as President Reagan, President Bush 41, and President Clinton were treated in the last 2 years of their Presidencies.  Each of those Presidents found themselves with the following dilemma: The Senate was in the control of the opposing party, so there was a certain symmetry to this President. George W. Bush ends up the last 2 years of his Presidency similarly situated to President Reagan, President Bush 41, and President Clinton. The average number of circuit court judges approved for all of those Presidents was 17. President Clinton was on the low end of that at 15.  As of today, April 15, we have approved in this Congress seven circuit judges. Except for last week, there had not been one since last September. I am sure the majority leader would agree with me that we are running dramatically behind. We know there is an election coming up in the fall.  The majority leader mentioned the so-called Thurmond rule which at some point here will probably be implemented, indicating there will not be any circuit judges approved.  We currently have before the committee two judges, one from North Carolina and one from South Carolina. The one from North Carolina has a unanimously well qualified from the American Bar Association and has previously been confirmed to his current position as a district court judge by the Senate. The blue slips are back on both of these judges. We anticipate there will be a nominee from Virginia who will have blue slips returned and, in the near future, two nominees from the State of Michigan whose blue slips will be returned. As we all know, in Michigan there are two Democratic Senators and in Virginia there is one Democratic Senator and one Republican. In South Carolina and North Carolina, there are two Republican Senators. The chairman of the Judiciary Committee has made it clear he is not likely, almost certainly not likely, to move a nominee from a State for which there are no blue slips. So we have blue slips in on North and South Carolina, and both nominees have been waiting for quite some time. So there are nominations ready to go.  What I have said is there is a great interest on my side in seeing three circuit court nominees confirmed by the Senate before the Memorial Day recess. The majority leader has indicated he is comfortable with that. We have not picked the candidates, but let me suggest it would be unfair to discriminate against a State which has two Republican Senators with blue slips in and has had nominees pending for quite some time in favor of nominees only recently with blue slips in or only recently nominated. The principle should be the same regardless of whether a State is represented by two Republicans, two Democrats or one Republican and one Democrat. If the blue slips are in, the blue slips are in. If the nominee is otherwise qualified and noncontroversial, I would hope, I say to my good friend, the majority leader, he would share my view that we should not discriminate against a nominee from a State with two Republican Senators, the nominees having been pending for quite some time, in favor of recent nominees who happen to be from States with two Democratic Senators or one Democratic and one Republican Senator. I wonder if my friend, the majority leader, has any observation about that.  