 President, the Washington Post just this morning--and I think we can all stipulate the Washington Post is not exactly a mouthpiece for Republicans or conservatism--began their editorial related to the housing issue this way:       It's much easier to identify well-intentioned housing      policy proposals that might make a situation worse than to      craft ones that will help. An example is the Democratic plan.  This is the Washington Post this morning taking a look at the proposal my good friend, the majority leader, discussed extolling the virtues of.  Now, look, there is a great opportunity to make matters worse. A good way to avoid that is to continue the discussions we can have not actually out here on the floor but the kind of discussions we have every day about a process for getting some kind of bipartisan approach on this bill.  I noted with interest that my good friend, the majority leader, the other day had his chart up with 72 filibusters on it. He is setting a record of his own, voting to cut off debate the first day a bill or resolution reaches the floor more than any previous majority leader, Republican or Democrat. During the first session of the 110th Congress, Senator Reid filed cloture on the same day a bill or resolution was introduced nine times. This is three times more than Majority Leaders Frist, Daschle, Lott, Mitchell, and Byrd ever did in a first session of Congress and nine times more than in the first session of the 109th Congress.  Among these 72 Republican filibusters--and I guess, by the way, the vote this afternoon, which is probably going to be close to unanimous, will also make the list of filibusters and make it 73--includes Democratic filibusters--for example, Senator Dodd's filibuster of the FISA bill last year; Democrats' filibuster of the McConnell-Stevens troop funding bill last November; Democrats' filibuster of Judge Leslie Southwick. Cloture motions that were filed by Republicans in an effort to end Democratic obstruction are also included. In fact, on more than half of the 72 Republican filibusters, Senate Democrats either voted to filibuster or voted with Republicans. On five of the filibusters, the vote was unanimous. On four of the filibusters, Democrats nearly unanimously voted against cloture themselves. Half the votes described as filibusters were actually successful votes where cloture was invoked and the bill was actually moved forward.  So if we are going to talk about this kind of thing, we at least need to get our facts right. Everybody is entitled to their own opinion, but they are not entitled to their own sets of facts. Those are the facts related to times in which we have had cloture votes in this 110th Congress.  So, Mr. President, back on the issue of housing, I think the best way forward, obviously--even though the Washington Post this morning is suggesting maybe we should delay for a while and see whether the administration's efforts produce some positive results--I think the best way forward in the Senate, as always, is to sit down and talk about some kind of process for going forward. I think the majority leader and I can do that as we do every day on every issue. I would look forward to having further discussions with him on how we might go forward and maybe come up with a bipartisan housing bill that will actually improve the situation.  I yield the floor.  