President, today the Senate confirmed the nomination of Lynn Johnson to lead the Administration for Children and Families. In less chaotic times, she would be running an office that few people outside of Washington would hear much about. In the coming months, however, she will be responsible for undoing a lot of the damage this administration has done with respect to separating immigrant children from their parents.  There are a few key matters I want to discuss today as this debate closes.  As the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, I voted against sending Ms. Johnson's nomination to the Senate floor. There were far too many unanswered questions and misleading statements from the administration regarding its family separation policy.  In the last week, I spoke with Ms. Johnson at length about what she needs to accomplish if she is confirmed. She committed to me that she would change how the Administration for Children and Families, and particularly the Office of Refugee Resettlement, handle several key policies. I want to guarantee that those commitments are laid out on the record.  First, Ms. Johnson made several commitments to improve the treatment of the kids in the custody of the Office of Refugee Resettlement or in facilities that receive grants from ORR. Those changes include prohibiting solitary confinement as a punishment or an attempt to change behavior; prohibiting arbitrary restraint policies; prohibiting the distribution of psychotropic medications or sedatives outside of emergency situations; unless the agency or facility has the informed, written consent of a parent or guardian; prohibiting any security measures that are not necessary for children's protection, such as denying children access to drinking water or preventing them from making private phone calls; and guaranteeing the confidentiality of information disclosed by children to therapists and counselors during treatment.  Ms. Johnson also committed to ensuring that separated children can call their parents or legal guardians as frequently as they wish. Calls can be monitored if there are documented safety concerns, but otherwise, ORR and private facilities cannot prevent kids from talking to their parents or guardians. If the parent or guardian is in the custody of Homeland Security, the agencies must establish a way to connect them by phone.  Finally, Ms. Johnson committed to conducting a full review, within 90 days, of the oversight, staffing, training, medication, and licensing policies for ORR-funded facilities. She will issue a report to Congress describingthe oversight of those facilities, as well as the actions the Administration for Children and Families will take to correct any problems.  That review will include a stem-to-stern examination of the policies related to services offered to immigrants after their release. That includes legal services and healthcare, including reproductive healthcare.  If Ms. Johnson's agency cannot complete that review in 90 days, they will provide a summary of their work to date and give the Congress a new timeline and a guarantee of when the process will be finalized.  Let me be very clear: These are not suggestions from me or from the Finance Committee. These are commitments set in stone. The Finance Committee is going to watchdog this every day going forward. We will do everything in our power to hold Ms. Johnson to these commitments.  This administration's continuing mistreatment of migrant children and their parents is cruel and inhuman. Separating kids from their parents has harmful, long-lasting effects to these kids' physical and mental well-being. There is a lot of work left to be done reunifying the families that were broken apart as a result of the administration's ``zero tolerance'' policy. I believe Lynn Johnson will be an improvement. I supported her nomination today, but you can bet my colleagues and I are going to go to every length to hold her to the commitments she has made.  