President, the Trump administration is engulfed in scandal. The President has been implicated in at least one felony. His former campaign chief, former deputy campaign chief, longtime personal lawyer, and former national security adviser are all confessed or convicted felons. With every passing week comes a shocking new revelation about Russian interference in the 2016 election, another bombshell report detailing their infiltration of conservative circles, or another story about how woefully underprepared the United States is to defend against another attack.  Here in Congress, Republicans have their heads buried in the sand. It sure seems like they are going to keep on pretending it is business as usual.  A year ago, I placed a hold on a Treasury nomination--Isabel Patelunas to be Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis--because of the Department's refusal to turn over documents related to follow-the-money issues and other key investigative questions. Since then, colleagues, Treasury's stonewalling has not changed. In fact, in light of all that has been revealed in the last year, their stonewalling is even more unpardonable.  The Treasury Department is participating in the coverup of criminal activity. The least the Congress can do--the very least--is hold nominees until the administration changes its behavior. It ought to happen on a bipartisan basis. Republicans ought to stand up with Democrats and say, ``This is dangerous. This is corrosive to our democracy. This is wrong.''  Leader McConnell has gone ahead, filed cloture, and called votes on the Patelunas nomination without doing any of that.  For me, this started a year ago, when I asked the Treasury to provide the Finance Committee with key documents related to follow-the-money and Russia. I am the ranking Democrat on the committee, which has jurisdiction over the Treasury Department. We have a team of skilled investigators who are highly adept at digging into the kinds of questions that had been raised about Russian oligarchs like Alexander Torshin and about shell companies and other forms of money laundering and illicit finance. That is why I requested these documents from the Treasury, but the Treasury essentially blew us off.  Russia's interference in our democracy has been thoroughly covered in news reports, and many of those reports get right to the heart of why I have called for investigators to follow the money. I will quote from an article in Buzzfeed about Alexander Torshin, the accused Russian spy Maria Butina, and her American associate Paul Erickson.  ``[Butina's] indictment said that she was communicating with Russian intelligence while here and was `acting at the direction of a high-level official in the Russian government.'  ``That person, federal authorities told BuzzFeed News, is Alexander Torshin--Butina's former boss, once a member of Russia's upper house of parliament, and a close confidant of President Vladimir Putin.  ``In 2015, Torshin was appointed deputy governor of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and Butina was hired as his special assistant. Torshin is believed to have close ties to gun rights activists in the US, and McClatchy reported that the FBI is investigating whether Torshin illegally funneled money to the NRA.  ``According to her indictment, Butina worked for Torshin until May 2016, and she came to the US on a student visa later that summer. The same month, Spanish authorities reported that Torshin had been laundering money for [a] Moscow-based . . . crime syndicate.  ``This year, Torshin was among the Russian oligarchs sanctioned by the US Treasury Department for playing a key role in `advancing Russia's malign activities.' Law enforcement sources told BuzzFeed News that tens of millions of dollars in his suspicious financial transactions were flagged by Treasury officials working on the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.  ``These transactions included large, round-number wire transfers--a hallmark of money laundering--from Istanbul and Dubai, the sources said.''  Elsewhere in the report, Buzzfeed outlined how anti-fraud investigators at a major bank flagged transactions by Erickson and Butina as suspicious. Again, I will quote from the article.  ``The two also appeared to use a company, Bridges LLC, to conduct suspicious transactions. Bank officials said they couldn't determine the purpose of the company, which was incorporated in South Dakota in February 2016. Butina was listed as the `sole signer' on its checking account, but Erickson wrote and signed checks from it. He told McClatchy that Bridges was formed to help Butina obtain financial assistance for her graduate studies . . .  ``About $89,000 passed between Erickson's US accounts and one held by Butina at Russia's Alfa Bank. In 2014, Erickson received $8,000 from Butina's Alfa account. Between June 2016 and March 2017, Erickson sent a dozen wires to her Alfa account totaling $27,000.  About $93,000 was sent or received during a single four-month period--from May to August 2017 . . . Bank officials discovered wires, checks, transfers, and cash deposits totaling that amount, including checks made out to cash, between the duo's accounts last year.  ``In June and July 2017, Erickson wired $45,000 to an unidentified law firm in Washington on Butina's behalf. It is not known why Butina retained an attorney at that point, and her current lawyer, Robert Driscoll, told BuzzFeed News that his firm was not the recipient of the money.  ``. . . Investigators from Wells Fargo flagged dozens of other suspicious transactions involving Butina and Erickson for FBI agents and the Treasury Department's financial crimes division. Bank investigators told Treasury officials they were suspicious about where the money came from and that they could find no `apparent economic, business, or lawful purpose' for the transactions.''  I am not going to comment on any classified material, and I am not confirming these reports, but these articles are right out in the open. The information reported by Buzzfeed alone ought to have been enough to convince Senators that the administration needs to be forced to comply with oversight requests from the Congress--just that one report--and that is far from the only bombshell that has dropped in the last year since I announced a hold on the Patelunas nomination. Still, Treasury is stonewalling. They are blocking our oversight and our investigations at every turn.  It is an outrage that Senate Republicans are apparently A-OK with this stonewalling.  So colleagues, here is what I want to know: When does it become too much? How many reports detailing election interference does the Senate need to stand up and take action? How many stories about shell companies and shadowy payments from oligarchs need to come out into the open? Maria Butina is sitting in a jail cell in northern Virginia--how many other spies need to be arrested before Senate Republicans stand up to an administration that is hiding the facts?  A year ago, the President's son confirmed meeting with Russians in Trump Tower during the campaign, at least one of them connected to Russian intelligence. Senate Republicans did not try to get answers.  On the morning of Monday, July 16, Maria Butina was charged with being a Russian spy. It was revealed she had infiltrated a ``gun rights organization'' and woven herself into prominent conservative circles to manipulate our politics. That same day, the Trump administration announced a pro-dark money rule that would make it easier to get away with this kind of lawbreaking the next time. Republicans did nothing about it.  Last Tuesday afternoon, Paul Manafort was found guilty on five counts of tax fraud, two counts of bank fraud, and one count of failure to disclose a foreign bank account. Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to charges of tax evasion, bank fraud, and two felony campaign finance violations he said he committed at the President's direction.  Again, Donald Trump has been implicated in a felony campaign finance violation. Manafort and Cohen, who are convicted and confessed felons, are both deeply enmeshed in the broader investigation into Russia's interference in our election and potential collusion with the Trump campaign.  The very same day, Senator Warner, as part of his questioning on the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, had to repeatedly press Sigal Mandelker, the Treasury Department's Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, during a hearing on the effectiveness of Russian sanctions, to be more responsive to bipartisan requests from the Intelligence Committee. Treasury is 8 months behind in their responses to some requests.  To her credit, Ms. Mandelker said she would respond in a timely manner, though she noted she would have to consult with people back at her office. The problem is that, pretty much every time anyone from this administration has uttered such a promise, it has been broken faster than it takes a wildfire to spread in the arid West.  Regardless of the promises made, the very next day, Leader McConnell went ahead and filed cloture on a nomination I have been holding due to the Treasury's stonewalling over those exact issues.  Colleagues, the President is routinely attacking the rule of law in this country. He is attacking the Justice Department, which is run by people he appointed. He has mused about pardoning people who are unquestionably guilty of committing crimes. He said that perhaps it should be illegal for individuals to cooperate with law enforcement by providing information that can bring criminals and coconspirators to justice.  When is enough enough?  In my view, nobody in this body, in their heart of hearts, could possibly believe that the ties between the President, his associates, the Trump organization, and Russia do not warrant thorough investigation. You could not possibly have kept up with the news over the last 18 months and come to any other conclusion. Everybody can smell the smoke, but you would have to blind yourself not to see the fire.  By stonewalling our investigations, the Treasury is complicit in the coverup. They are hiding the facts from the Congress and the American people. The Senate's powers of oversight and investigation are derived from the Constitution of the United States, and the Trump administration is trampling all over it. Every member of this body, Democrat and Republican, ought to be outraged.  That is why it is wrong to proceed with the Patelunas nomination. I drew the line here, with this nominee, but Leader McConnell filed cloture against my known wishes, scheduling the vote to collide with Members' plans to attend Senator McCain's memorial.  Furthermore, what the Treasury Department is doing to keep this information about follow-the-money hidden in the shadows is wrong. The Senate should not stand for it.  