President and colleagues, we have so many waiting to speak about our friend Chairman Hatch that I am going to be very brief.  If you are to talk about the Chairman's record over the last 42 years, we would be here for months and months on end.  I wish to say, if you had told this body or the country in the winter of 2017 that you would pass in this Congress a bipartisan 10-year reauthorization of the Children's Health Insurance Program--we have plenty of Finance members here--you would have been charged with hallucinating. People would have said: No way; it couldn't possibly happen.  If you had said in the winter of 2017 that you were going to pass a major set of reforms on foster care--reforms that Marian Wright Edelman of the Children's Defense Fund has been dreaming about for decades--they would simply have said: That is impossible. It couldn't possibly happen. You are hallucinating.  Colleagues, listen to this. If you had said in the winter of 2017 that you were going to start a transformation of Medicare with over 50 million seniors--a transformation from a program that traditionally used to be about acute illness and now is largely about chronic illness: cancer, diabetes, heart disease, and stroke--if you had said in 2017 that you were going to transform Medicare to update the Medicare guarantee to help seniors, once again, they would have said: Impossible.  Colleagues, that has happened in this Congress because Chairman Hatch was willing to reach across the aisle, and now millions of kids, millions of seniors, and families from sea to shining sea for whom the foster care system didn't work are now going to be able to have a better path.  I am going to close my remarks--I know so many colleagues want to speak--by quoting Senator Kennedy. As you know, Senator Kennedy had a long friendship with Orrin Hatch. In 1981, Chairman Hatch took the gavel of what was called the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee. And I am telling you--the chairman remembers this--Senator Kennedy and Orrin Hatch got down right away to duking it out. They were duking it out over labor law and all kinds of things, but they began to develop a mutual respect. I am going to close by reading what Senator Kennedy said about Orrin Hatch.  Senator Kennedy said: We are beyond the point where we let our differences get in the way of opportunities for progress. We have just learned it is a lot easier to work together than it is to fight each other.  Senator Kennedy said:       We have differences in terms of perhaps how we achieve the      objectives, but I don't really feel that I have a difference      with Orrin in terms of what the objectives ought to be. If      you build upon that kind of understanding and respect, you      get a lot of things done.  Colleagues, I am telling you, if you look at 2017 and 2018, for the millions of kids who will benefit from the 10-year Children's Health Insurance Program, the scores of families who are going to benefit from the foster care dreams Marian Wright Edelman has been dreaming about, and the millions of seniors who will benefit from updating the Medicare guarantee, that came about because Chairman Hatch looked at Senator Kennedy's words, and he has continued that tradition in the Finance Committee today. I just want him to know how much we appreciate that work.  It is going to matter, Mr. Chairman, for millions of people from sea to shining sea, and I thank you for the opportunity to pursue those opportunities with you.  I yield the floor, and I look forward to hearing from my colleagues.  