President, today I wish to offer my heartfelt congratulations to my esteemed colleague and dear friend, Senator Barbara Mikulski, on becoming the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress. This milestone, reached on March 17, marks 12,858 days--more than 35 years--of dedicated service to her beloved State of Maryland and to our Nation.  A little more than a year ago, in January of 2011, Senator Mikulski began her 25th year in the Senate, surpassing my personal role model in public service, Senator Margaret Chase Smith, the Great Lady from Maine. Adding in her 10 years in the House, Senator Mikulski now establishes the record for longevity in either chamber, set by Congresswoman Edith Nourse Rogers, who represented Massachusetts but was born in Maine.  For me, the special meaning of this occasion goes far beyond such coincidences. Just as Congresswoman Rogers and Senator Smith inspired young women in the past to lives in public service, Senator Mikulski inspires the young women of today. As a new Senator in 1997, I was welcomed by her kindness and helped by her wisdom. She taught me the ropes of the appropriations process and instituted regular bipartisan dinners for the women of the Senate.  It has been a privilege to work with Senator Mikulski for 15 years. During that time, I have come to know her as a fighter and a trailblazer.  Senator Mikulski is, above all, a hard worker. Growing up in east Baltimore, she learned the value of hard work at her family's grocery store. Her commitment to making a difference in her neighborhood led her to the path of service, first as social worker, then as a city councilor and as a Member of Congress.  Senator Mikulski's longevity is only the preface to her story of exceptional accomplishment. She has fought for increased access to higher education for our young people and for improved health care for our seniors. I am proud to have fought at her side on those issues, as well as for increased Alzheimer's research, improved women's health care, and enhanced educational opportunities for nurses.  As House colleagues during and after World War II, Margaret Chase Smith and Edith Nourse Rogers were instrumental in achieving full recognition for women in uniform. Senator Mikulski carries on that legacy as a determined advocate for all who serve our country. Working with her on the Appropriations Committee, I have witnessed firsthand how seriously she takes her responsibility to the American taxpayers.  Throughout her life in public service, Senator Mikulski has lived by one guiding principle: to help our people meet the needs of today as she helps our Nation prepare for the challenges of tomorrow. It is an honor to congratulate Senator Barbara Mikulski for her many years of service, and to wish her many more.  