President, it pains me greatly to disagree with my friend and colleague from Tennessee, with whom I have a great friendship and great respect, but what he is essentially offering comes pretty close to a complete substitute for the provisions in our bill, and I wish to go through the provisions to make sure our colleagues understand fully what the choices are that are presented by Senator Corker's amendment.  First, let me say I do strongly oppose his amendment because of the impact I believe it would have on postal customers, whether they are in rural America, whether they are a big mailer, a small mailer, a residence or a business, and what the impact ultimately will be on postal revenue. Let us first discuss the issue of 6-day delivery.  There are a lot of different views on this issue. Senator Corker has presented one, as has Senator McCain, of moving immediately to 5-day delivery. On the other hand, there are Members who have filed amendments who want to prevent the Postal Service from ever moving to 5-day delivery. Here is what is in our bill.  Our bill recognizes the Postal Service should, if possible, avoid deep cuts in its service. Certainly, eliminating 1 day a week of delivery is a deep cut in the service it is providing. It recognizes, however, that if the Postal Service cannot wring out the excessive cost that is in its current system, it may have no choice but to eliminate Saturday delivery in order to become solvent.  What we do is allow a 2-year period during which time the Postal Service would implement the many cost-saving provisions in our bill, including a workforce reduction of 18 percent--which is about 100,000 employees--through compassionate means, such as buyouts and retirement incentives, and then have the GAO and the PRC--the Postal Regulatory Commission--certify that despite undertaking all these cost-saving moves, it is not possible for the Postal Service to return to solvency without this deep service cut. But to move immediately to eliminating Saturday delivery would come at a real cost and it may not be necessary. It may not be necessary at all.  I would also point out the experts in this area are the members of the Postal Regulatory Commission. The experts are not at CBO. The experts are the regulators of the Postal Service--the PRC. When the PRC examined the issue of eliminating Saturday delivery, here is what it found. First of all, it found the potential savings were far less than the Postal Service estimated. In fact, they were half as much as the Postal Service estimated.  Second, they found that eliminating Saturday delivery put rural America, in particular, at a disadvantage because rural America often does not have access to broadband, to Internet services, and to alternative delivery systems. So the PRC, which looked at this issue very carefully and issued a report, found the savings were less by half and the consequences were far more severe for rural America.  Saturday delivery also gives the Postal Service itself a competitive advantage over nonpostal alternatives. If we are here trying to save the Postal Service, why would we jeopardize an asset the Postal Service has that its competitors do not? That is why we came up with this carefully crafted compromise on this issue.  I believe cutting Saturday delivery should be the last resort, not the firstoption, because it will inevitably drive away customers. That is one reason the American Newspaper Association is so opposed to doing away with Saturday delivery. It is one reason many of the mail order pharmaceutical companies are so opposed, because many seniors depend on receiving their vital medications through the mail.  Again, we have said if there are no other alternatives, this measure could proceed. But I can't imagine any large business operating this way--cutting service first. My colleagues often talk about how important it is to let the Postal Service act like a ``real business.'' But this is the last thing a real business would do. Real businesses know their most valuable asset is their customer base. Businesses do literally everything else before slashing service and raising prices or anything else that might alienate or drive away their remaining customers, and they do not do this out of the goodness of their hearts but because they understand what drives their bottom line.  The fact is, if more customers leave the Postal Service, the revenue will plummet. Again, reducing service--eliminating Saturday delivery--should be the last resort, not the first option. That is exactly what our bill does.  The Senator's amendment would also repeal the CPI link to postal rates. I am at a loss as to why the Senator would propose that. Eliminating that protection, that orderly system, would be devastating for many mailers. Again, mailers need predictable, steady, stable rates.  Think of a catalog company that prints its catalogs so many months in advance. It now can count on what the postal rates are going to be. Under the amendment of the Senator from Tennessee that stability, that predictability would be gone.  The reason in 2006 that we rewrote the rate-setting system was that it had been an extremely litigious, time-consuming system. Both the mailers and the Postal Service hated the system that we had prior to 2006. Both agreed at the time that it was important to have stability and predictability in rates and to have a system that didn't involve this very expensive, litigious rate-setting system. So we went to the CPI link system so we could have stable, predictable, and transparent pricing increases.  This amendment repeals the section of the current law on rate setting that mailers have repeatedly testified is the heart of the 2006 reforms and something they need if they are to continue to use the Postal Service. That is why the mailers, the largest customers of the Postal Service, are such strong supporters of the predictable system that we put in place in 2006.  Let me turn to another issue. There is so much I could say on all of these, but I can see a lot of Members have come to the floor.  The Senator's amendment would also eliminate the standards we put into the bill to protect overnight delivery within certain delivery areas. We have recently learned that the Postal Service's own preliminary analysis, submitted confidentially in secret to its regulators at the PRC, reveals that its service reduction plan to slow mail delivery and shut down postal plants will lead to more than a 9-percent decrease in first-class mail and a 7.7-percent reduction in all classes of mail.  In this preliminary estimate the Postal Service said the first-year losses alone would be $5.2 billion; that the Postal Service would lose if we proceed with this plan. Now that those numbers have become public, the Postal Service is backpeddling and criticizing its own estimates. But those are the estimates that are in its own survey that was filed with the PRC.  They don't surprise me because they are consistent with what I am hearing from major postal customers, and once those customers turn to other communications options and leave the mail system they will not be coming back, revenue will plummet, and the Postal Service will be sucked further into a death spiral.  There are many other comments I could make about the amendment offered by the Senator from Tennessee. I think his amendment essentially constitutes a substitute to the bill that is before us in that it makes so many fundamental changes. I believe it would be devastating for the Postal Service; that it would cause large and small mailers to leave the Postal Service, setting off the death spiral from which the Postal Service might never recover.  