President, first, let me make the point to the Senator from California, I am a cosponsor of the STOCK Act. I cosponsored Senator Brown's bill, so it is not that I do not think legislation is needed in this area. I am a cosponsor on this bill and have commended him for his work. But the fact remains that in our committee markup the bill was changed.  I know the Senator was distracted when I answered that question. The bill was changed in committee to extend to the executive branch. It is in the bill that is before us now. The Senator was misinformed in that regard. The bill was changed to make very clear that the insider trading prohibition applied to the executive branch and that executive branch members have a duty to their agencies, to the government. We make that explicit. That was changed in committee.  The Senator is not correct that the bill that was brought to the floor only applied to Congress. It does not. It applies to the executive branch.  The second point I will make is this is not a partisan issue. We have bills on both sides of the aisle. We have amendments on both sides of the aisle. Indeed, we have disclosure amendments that apply to the executive branch coming from both sides of the aisle. Senator Wyden has a disclosure amendment that is similar to that of Senator Shelby's. We are working with both of those offices right now to try to work those out.  I do not know how this all of a sudden became a partisan debate or a debate about the Bush administration or anything. This is a debate about good government and how we can best assure the American people that, regardless of whether public officials are in the executive branch or the legislative branch, they are putting the public's interests ahead of their private interests and that they are not profiting from insider information, nonpublic information that is not available to the public which they are using inappropriately--if, in fact, that is even happening--for personal gain.  I did wish to clarify that the bill, as reported from committee, does apply to the executive branch as well as the legislative branch, that the statement made by the Senator was inaccurate in that regard, and that we have amendments on both sides of the aisle that we are working on right now to extend the disclosure requirements, the reporting requirements to the executive branch. Those are amendments coming from both Democrats and Republicans.  I would like to yield at this point to the Senator from Massachusetts.  