President in his farewell message to the people of Hawaii, Senator Daniel Akaka wrote that his dream was always to work in a job in which he could help people. In his 36 years in Congress--14 in the House of Representatives and 22 here in the Senate--Danny Akaka has done that job exceedingly well.  He has done it with statesmanship and perseverance. As just one example, just a few weeks ago, President Obama signed into law landmark legislation to better protect Federal employees who come forward to disclose government waste, fraud, abuse, and other wrongdoing. The Akaka-Collins Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act would not have passed without Danny's determination to help both our dedicated Federal workers and the citizens they serve.  Serving with Danny on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I appreciate the priority he always placed on making the Federal Government more efficient and transparent, and on advancing policies to attract, recruit, and retain the skilled workforce needed to meet today's challenges. From safeguarding our Nation against terrorist attacks to supporting the first responders in our communities, Danny has been a great ally and a true leader.  It also has been an honor to work with Danny on the Armed Services Committee. As a World War II veteran, he brought to the committee a deep and personal understanding of the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform, and by their families. He is a champion of efforts to ensure that our Active National Guard and Reserve personnel have the equipment and training to remain the best fighting force in the world, and he is dedicated to providing our veterans with the services they earned and deserve.  Danny Akaka has been described as the ``Aloha Senator.'' To most of us,that multi-purpose word can mean anything from ``hello'' to ``goodbye.'' To the Hawaiian people, it is a word of deep spirituality and profound meaning.  The late Reverend Abraham Akaka, Danny's oldest brother and one of Hawaii's most beloved clergymen, defined the ``Aloha Spirit'' this way: ``God first, others second, yourself last.'' As a patriot and statesman, Senator Daniel Akaka embodies that spirit through his desire to promote the true good of others and to help people. Aloha pumehana, Senator Akaka, farewell with my deepest regards and affection. Thank you for your friendship and for your service to our country.  