President, I have always been a very strong proponent of family planning programs and of measures to promote and protect women's health. Like many Americans, however, I was very concerned in January when the Department of Health and Human Services issued a final regulation to require religious universities, hospitals, charities, and other faith-based organizations to pay for health insurance that covers contraceptives and sterilizations regardless of the organization's religious beliefs. I believe such a mandate poses a threat to our religious freedom and presents the Catholic Church and other faith-based organizations with an impossible choice between violating their religious beliefs or violating Federal regulations.  In February President Obama announced what he termed an ``accommodation'' that would require insurance companies, rather than religious organizations, to provide these services. But as I read the details of that ``accommodation,'' it became very clear to me that many parts of the plan remained unclear. A key issue, for example, revolves around self-insured religious-based organizations. There are many Catholic hospitals and universities that are self-insured and thus act as both the employer and the insurer, and a very important issue is how the rule would treat these self-insured faith-based organizations. But the rule was totally unclear. It simply said that the ``Departments intend to develop policies to achieve the same goals for self-insured group health plans sponsored by non-exempted, non-profit religious organizations with religious objections to contraceptive coverage.''  In an attempt to clarify this critical issue, I sent a letter to Secretary Sebelius asking for specific clarification on how faith-based organizations that are self-insured and thus act as both the insurer and the employer would have their rights of conscience protected. This was not a complicated question. It was a very straightforward question, and frankly, the answer to the question was going to determine my vote on this very important amendment.  Sadly, the administration once again skirted the answer. In her response, Secretary Sebelius simply said the President ``is committed to rulemaking to ensure access to these important preventive services in fully insured and self-insured group health plans while further accommodating religious organizations' beliefs.''  What does that mean, Mr. President?  I ask unanimous consent that both my letter to Secretary Sebelius and her reply be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  