President, I, too, want to comment on this issue of the prefunding for the health care benefits of future retirees. I think it is important to note that when the 2006 law was written, the Postal Service supported this provision because it recognized that it had a huge unfunded liability for future health benefits and it knew it was important to start putting money aside to ensure that at the time those retirees needed to claim those benefits, the money would be there and the promises would be kept.  It was also important because we wanted to avoid the possibility of a system going into default and taxpayers having to step in to keep the promises the Postal Service has made.  The fact is the current liability is about $46 billion for those retiree health benefits, the future retiree health benefits. That liability is a very real one. It is not going away. Nevertheless, we have taken steps in our bill, as Senator Lieberman has described, to ease the funding by setting up a 40-year amortization schedule and by changing the discount rate. So those two provisions should save the Postal Service approximately $2 billion--the exact number would be determined--each year, and that is obviously very welcome.  But I do want to address what I believe is another misconception, and that is that the funding for future retirees' health benefits is somehow the cause of the Postal Service's financial crisis. It is not. The fact is that the Postal Service has not made its payment of $5.5 billion that was due to this fund in either of the last 2 fiscal years. Yet the Postal Service lost billions in both of those years, despite not paying the $5.5 billion that was due to this fund. In total, the Postal Service has made only $6.9 billion of the $16.4 billion that was required in prefunding payments for the past 3 years, but has posted losses, total losses for those 3 years of $26.9 billion. So it is certainly true that we can and should ease the funding requirement in light of the problems of the Postal Service. It is also true that we don't need to fund to 100 percent, which the 2006 law requires. If my memory serves me correctly, I believe we have lowered the funding level to 80 percent. Those provisions all have a substantial impact on lowering the annual payment.  I have two final points I want to reiterate. The prefunding requirement is not the cause of the Postal Service's financial crisis; and second, that $46 billion liability is very real and it is not going away. Indeed, stretching out the amortization schedule, which I believe we should do, is going to actually cause that liability to increase because we will be paying it over a longer period of time.  Nevertheless, I think the changes that have been made in the funding for future retirees' health benefits make sense. I think they are financially responsible and they will provide some needed relief to the Postal Service without exposing taxpayers to the possibility of having to pick up the tab and without breaking the promise that has been made to postal employees.  Thank you, Mr. President.  