President, I rise to speak in favor of the STOCK Act, which we will be voting on very shortly. This legislation is based on a bill that was first introduced in the Senate last fall by Senator Scott Brown, and a similar one introduced by Senator Gillibrand. I wish to commend them both for their work on this legislation. As a cosponsor of Senator Brown's bill, I especially want to recognize his leadership on this issue.  I also wish to recognize Chairman Lieberman for all the work he has done in moving this important bill through our committee, through a robust debate here on the Senate floor, and to final passage today.  Last fall, press reports on ``60 Minutes'' and elsewhere raised the question of whether lawmakers are exempt, either legally or practically, from the insider trading laws.  The STOCK Act is intended to affirm that Members of Congress are not exempt from our laws prohibiting insider trading. As we saw when we first considered this legislation, despite reassurances from legal experts and the SEC that no so such exemption exists, there has been persistent disagreement about the issue. That's why we feel it is important to send a very clear message that Members of Congress are not exempt from the insider trading laws, and that is exactly what this bill does.  Last month the Senate passed its version of the STOCK Act by an overwhelming bipartisan margin of 96 to 3. That bill had, at its heart, the affirmation of a duty arising from the relationship of trust and confidence already owed by Members and their staffto the Congress, the U.S. Government, and the citizens we serve.  As I explained when we considered the Senate version, this is not a new fiduciary duty, in the traditional sense, but the recognition of an existing duty. The bill we passed also affirmed that the employees of the executive and judicial branches owe a similar duty, and must also comply with the insider trading laws.  There are differences, of course, between the bill we passed last month and the House version before us today. I believe we could have quickly resolved those differences in conference, and would have preferred that route. Still, this is a strong bill that has received overwhelming bipartisan support. It preserves the core of the bill passed by the Senate: to make absolutely clear that elective office is a place for public service, not for private gain. Underscoring that important message is the chief purpose of the STOCK Act, and that is why I support it.  