 Mr. President, we are going to resume debate today on the postal reform legislation our committee, on which the Presiding Officer serves, has worked very hard to produce and to do so in a bipartisan way. As Chairman Lieberman has indicated, last week, we labored very hard to produce a list of amendments that will allow Members to work their will on this legislation.  There are many different viewpoints on the path forward for the Postal Service, but there can be no doubt about one fact: The Postal Service has lost more than $13 billion in the last 2 years. Despite being relieved from a payment that is required under law toward the health benefits of future retirees, it still lost billions of dollars. If we fail to act, if we turn down this bill, the Postal Service will not survive as we know it today, and that is a fact. The Postal Service, later this year, will have great difficulty even meeting its payroll if we do not act. The Postal Service will max out on its credit that it can borrow from the Treasury if we do not act. The Postal Service will be forced to resort to dramatic and Draconian service cuts that will drive still more customers from the system if we do not act. So just closing our eyes and pretending somehow the Postal Service will find a way through this, without our legislation, is not a realistic option.  As I have indicated, there are a variety of views on both sides of the aisle on what the appropriate path forward should be, and we will have a vigorous debate today--we started it last week--on what the best option is for the Postal Service. For me, the bottom line is this: The Postal Service will not survive if it pursues a course that risks alienating the remaining customers it does have. So resorting to widespread closures of postal processing plants, which would essentially do away with overnight delivery of mail, and raising prices so big mailers pursue alternatives to using the Postal Service for delivery are not the solutions to the Postal Service's woes.  On the other hand, the Postal Service clearly cannot continue to do business as usual. It has to innovate. It has to look for new sources of revenue, and we have given some very specific ideas in our bill by allowing, for example, the Postal Service to provide services and share space with Federal, State, and local governments and to also ship beer and wine with a signature from the customer, just as its competitors, FedEx and UPS--United Parcel Service--are able to do. We also do not prohibit the closure of all post offices, nor do we mandate a certain number be closed; instead, we set standards. We set service standards, and those service standards would govern the decisions the Postal Service would make. I think that is the appropriate way to approach the very difficult issue of how to reduce the infrastructure of the Postal Service.  But the fact remains--and it is a painful fact--that 80 percent of the Postal Service's budget is workforce related. It is always difficult to recognize when a workforce, particularly one as dedicated as the American Postal Service workforce, is simply too bigfor the volume of work the Postal Service now has. But there are compassionate ways to deal with this workforce problem, and our bill allows for a refund of an $11 billion overpayment the Postal Service has made to the Federal Employees Retirement System--known as the FERS system. This is an overpayment that has been verified by an independent board of private actuaries the Office of Personnel Management relies upon. It has also been verified by the Government Accountability Office. This overpayment, in part, can be used and would be directed to be used by the Postmaster General to offer retirement incentives and buyouts up to and capped at $25,000, the exact same number that is used in buyouts in Federal agencies to reduce the workforce.  More than one-third of the Postal Service's employees are eligible for retirement today. That is why the Postmaster General believes, if he provides a bit of an incentive, he can reduce the size of the Postal Service workforce by more than 100,000 workers. That is about 18 percent of the entire workforce. That approach of using retirement incentives, buyouts, and incentives such as that is very similar to the approach the private sector uses, that large corporations use when they are faced with the painful task of having to downsize their workforce.  The rest of the overpayment refund would be used to pay down debt, something the Postal Service desperately needs to do as it approaches that $15 billion line-of-credit cap.  I wish to stress--because there is going to be a lot of discussion about this, perhaps very shortly--these are not tax dollars being refunded to the Postal Service. I read from a letter from the inspector general on the floor last week that verifies the revenues for the FERS payment come from two sources: They come from the postal employees themselves who contribute to the FERS system, and the revenues come from the Postal Service's own revenues, which are from selling stamps, mailing packages, and the other services the Postal Service provides.  This is not a taxpayer bailout. It is not a refund of taxpayer dollars. This is a refund of a substantial overpayment of money from the Postal Service's employees and the Postal Service itself, from revenues it generated, to the FERS system that never should have occurred. That is another whole issue--of how it occurred. This overpayment has been confirmed by the GAO and by an independent board of actuaries hired by the Office of Personnel Management.  That is a very important part of this bill. If the Postmaster General is successful--as I believe he will be if he aggressively implements these provisions in compassionately reducing the size of the workforce--the estimates are that provision alone would save about $8 billion a year, and it would allow the Postmaster General to right size many of the processing plants. Some of the processing plants are too big for the volume they now have.  But the answer is not to close them altogether because that has such a detrimental impact on the delivery of mail, and that leaves rural America behind. That would result in there no longer being overnight delivery for first-class mail.  Let me give an example from my State, where the Postmaster General has unwisely proposed closing one of only two processing plants we have in a State as large as the State of Maine. He would keep the one in the southernmost tip of the State but close the one in Hampden, ME, which serves northern, central and eastern and parts of western Maine. It serves about two-thirds of the geography of the State. If that postal processing plant were to close, mail from northern Maine--being sent from one community in northern Maine to another--would have to undergo a more than 600-mile round trip to the one remaining processing plant in Maine. I can't imagine how many days that would take, but I am certain it would cause people to stop using the mail, and, thus, revenue would decline still further because there would be no possibility of overnight delivery of bill payments, for example, or bill delivery.  This is not the answer. So what is the answer? That plant could be downsized, not closed. We need to preserve the service.  If the plant is too large now for the volume of mail that goes through the plant, why doesn't the Postal Service rent out part of the plant? I am sure a mailer in the area--perhaps several mailers in the area--would welcome the opportunity to rent space in that building and be right next to the postal processing plant. That would work very well.  There are so many options, but the Postmaster General, in my view, has not pursued those options. When it comes to rural post offices, there are so many options. For example, a post office could be open in a rural community, say, from 7:00 to 9:00 in the morning and 5:00 to 7:00 at night so that individuals going to and from work could stop and do their business, but the Postal Service would still be able to save funds by not having the post office open the entire day. A small post office could be colocated in a retail facility--the local pharmacy, perhaps, or the local grocery store.  There are possibilities which need to be explored--and which our bill directs the Postmaster General to explore--in order to avoid the widespread closure of post offices in rural America that will have a detrimental impact on the individuals and the businesses located there. Our bill in essence forces more creativity on the Postal Service by again setting standards with the Postal Regulatory Commission, which is the regulator in this case, and then ensuring that the actions of the Postal Service with regard to infrastructure meet those standards.  This bill has many other provisions that we discussed at length last week, so I am not going to repeat them now, but let me reiterate the point I made at the beginning of my remarks.  We have been able to negotiate, with the cooperation of both the majority leader and the Republican leader and with a lot of hard work by the members of the committee and the floor staff and our staff, a very fair process that will allow many amendments to be offered, expressing a wide variety of philosophies and views on the proper road ahead. But what we cannot do is fail to act. If we do not act, that will be a death sentence for the Postal Service--an American institution enshrined in our Constitution that is the linchpin of a $1 trillion mailing industry that employs 8.7 million Americans.  This debate is not just about rural post offices, important though they are. It is about our economy and not delivering a death blow to an institution that is the center of much of our economy. I hope Members keep that in mind as they come to the floor with proposals, for example, to essentially privatize the Postal Service or to do away with most of its infrastructure because if those amendments prevail, they will deliver a crushing blow to our economy at a time when we can least afford it, and they will jeopardize that trillion-dollar mailing industry that includes everything from paper manufacturers, to magazine publishers, to newspapers, to financial services--all of these industries that are so dependent on the U.S. Postal Service--and that is an outcome we must avoid.  