President, in his 36 years of service in the Senate, Richard Lugar has established a reputation as an extraordinary leader on such issues as foreign relations, national security, energy policy, agriculture, and economic growth. He is the Senate's most senior Republican and the longest serving Member of Congress in Indiana's history.  Senator Lugar has established a well-deserved reputation as a true statesman. At a time when the coarsening political discourse across our Nation and in Congress is a growing concern, Dick Lugar is a shining example of civility and mutual respect we must regain if our Nation is to meet the challenges that lie ahead.  Thirty-six years in the Senate is a part of Dick Lugar's long time of service. After attending Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar, Dick volunteered for the U.S. Navy in 1957, eventually serving as an intelligence briefer for the Chief of Naval Operations. As the two-term mayor of Indianapolis, beginning in 1968, he was a trailblazer in unifying local government, setting his city on a remarkable path of economic growth and prosperity as well as efficiency. As mayor, he served three terms on the U.S. Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations and as president of the National League of Cities. It is evident Dick Lugar always rises to the top of any organization because his colleagues recognize his extraordinary capability and his outstanding leadership.  Dick's life experiences and character have served the people of Indiana and our country so well. He has been the leader in reducing the threat of nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons. What better tribute or legacy could anyone leave the world than to reduce the inventory of these dangerous weapons. The bipartisan partnership he forged in 1991 to destroy these weapons of mass destruction in the former Soviet Union has resulted in the deactivation of more than 7,500 nuclear warheads that once were aimed at the United States.  As chairman of the Agriculture Committee, Dick Lugar has led the way for reforming our Federal farm programs and has promoted research advancements and increased export opportunities that have generated higher net income for America's family farms. Through the Lugar Energy Initiative, he has combined his foreign policy and agricultural expertise to promote policies to spur economic growth.  In the dark days following the attacks of September 11, 2001, Senator Lugar set forth a set of principles to guide our Nation in these difficult times. The Lugar doctrine calls upon the United States to ``use all of its military, diplomatic and economic power--without question--to ensure that life threatening weapons of mass destruction everywhere are accounted, contained and hopefully destroyed.''  In addition, the Lugar doctrine asserts that America should encourage democratic institutions and decrease reliance on foreign energy sources.  These accomplishments, and so many more, stem from a profound intellect combined with character. There is nothing I love more than to hear Dick Lugar give a tutorial on any country in the world, and he can talk knowledgeably and teach us about any country in the world. That is the depth of his experience, his knowledge, and his expertise.  Dick has also always been a voice of reason in the Senate. No matter how bitter the debate, he has always stood by his values and engaged in thoughtful discussions that result in solutions. That is why his advice has so often been sought by Presidents, military leaders, Cabinet Secretaries, Governors, and so many of his colleagues, including me.  As Dick Lugar returns to the private life he left behind so many years ago, his advice will continue to be sought after and I hope heeded. His knowledge and insight will still be valued, and the example of his decency and civility he has set throughout his life should guide us all. The people of Indiana and America are grateful for his service, and I am so grateful for his friendship and guidance over the years we have served together.  