President, I have the greatest respect for the Senator from Hawaii. I know he cares deeply about this issue. But it is simply time for us to reform the Federal workers' compensation program for postal workers and for other Federal workers. For this reason, I oppose his amendment because it does not begin to solve the problems that have been repeatedly documented in the program by the inspectors general at the Postal Service, at the Department of Labor, by GAO, and by the Obama administration, which has called for many of the reforms we have incorporated into this bill. Senator Akaka's amendment takes on only very minor reforms which are already included in the bill. It does not even attempt to constrain the rapidly growing costs of the program, and it truly does nothing to effectively combat the fraud in the program.  Let me start with some background to show the growing, the escalating cost of the Federal workers' compensation system. From 1997 to 2009, the program's costs grew by an astonishing $1 billion, as this chart shows. That was a 52-percent increase in program expenditures. It is one of the reasons why President Obama's administration has submitted changes to this program over and over. Our bill, according to the CBO, would reduce the program's outlays for workers' comp by $1.2 billion over the next 10 years.  I note the Obama administration supports across-the-board reforms, just as we have put in our bill. It makes no sense to have one system for postal workers and one system for Federal employees when they all participate in the same program now. The Postal Service, however, makes up more than 40 percent of all workers' comp cases for the Government, and the number of postal employees on the long-term rolls has increased by 62 percent since 2009. Paying more than $1 billion a year in workers' comp payments, the Postal Service is the largest program participant, providing over one-third of the program's budget. These changes are supported by the leaders at the Postal Service. The amendment would block desperately needed reforms to a program that has not been updated in over 35 years.  Let me talk a little bit about the structure of benefits in the program and why there is a problem. Under the current program, a worker who has dependents and is out on workers' comp receives a payment at the rate of 75 percent of his preinjury salary, and these benefits are tax free. Currently, more than 70 percent of beneficiaries are receiving compensation at that level.  In addition to that, it is important to understand that 75-percent tax-free benefit rate is higher than that paid by any comparable State workers' compensation system and, given our current Tax Code, 75 percent of salary tax free is equivalent, for most people, to a full salary after taxes.  We do want to make sure we have a workers' comp program that takes care of our injured workers that is compassionate, that helps them recover and return to work. But the current program of the Federal Government does not accomplish those roles.  First of all, it does not encourage injured workers to get the help they need to recover and to return to work, as these statistics will demonstrate. Right now, the program, across the board, Federal and postal workers, has 10,000 beneficiaries age 70 or older, 2,000 of whom are postal employees. They are receiving higher payments on workers' comp than they would under the standard retirement program. That is almost one-quarter of all beneficiaries in the program who are over age 70. Of the beneficiaries, 430 of them are over age 90, and 6 of the workers' comp beneficiaries are age 100 or older. These employees are not going back to work. If they were still working, it would be a miracle. They would be retired. It is not fair to postal and Federal employees who work their entire lives, retire at age 60 or 65, and receive a retirement benefit that is 26 percent lower than the median benefit received by workers' compensation recipients. That is unfair. That means people who remain on workers' comp make more money than if they had continued working and much more than they would make in the retirement systems for Federal and postal workers.  I wish to make sure that as we reform the system, we are fair. One of the major reforms is to move people at age 65 from workers' comp to the normal retirement system, but we have exempted from these reforms those who are least able to prepare for it, those who are totally disabled and unable to return to work, and those who are age 65 and over. I think that is a very fair approach.  Another protection we have included for those current claimants who wouldbe affected by the reforms in the bill is a 3-year waiting period. If a claimant is not already grandfathered and therefore is not disabled and unable to return to work, then that individual would experience no reduction in benefits for 3 years, regardless of that individual's age. Again, the reforms we have included in our bill closely track the reforms proposed by President Obama's administration.  Finally, let me just say this program has proven to be highly vulnerable to fraud. GAO reported as recently as November that the vulnerabilities in the program increase the risk of claimants receiving benefits they are not entitled to. There are many reasons for that. I will go into that further at another time. But the Department of Labor inspector general reported that the removal of a single fraudulent claim saves, on average, between $300,000 and $500,000. What is more, these vulnerabilities are not new and they are not rare. When the IG looked at 10,000 claimant files one decade ago, there were irregularities in almost 75 percent of them, and it resulted in benefits being reduced or ended for more than 50 claimants.  This is a troubled program. It needs to be reformed. It needs to be made more fair. It needs to be more fair to individual workers. There needs to be more of a focus on return to work, and it needs to be more fair to workers who spend their entire careers working for the Postal Service or the Federal Government and then retire and receive a far lower benefit than an elderly individual who remains on workers' comp.  I urge the defeat of the amendment.  