President, let me start by responding to the ranking member of the Budget Committee by saying that I could not agree with himmore that it is absolutely unacceptable that we have not had a budget passed in the Senate for more than 1,000 days. That is totally unacceptable. It is one of the reasons we are in such a financial crisis in this country. So I completely agree with Senator Sessions that we should be doing a budget resolution on the Senate floor, and I wholeheartedly agree with his comments that it is absolutely irresponsible for us to be proceeding without a budget resolution. And as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I would say to my colleagues that it makes it very difficult for us to carry out our work. Due to the cooperation of the chairman and ranking member of that committee, we are operating under allocations for each subcommittee, but it would be far preferable if there were a budget resolution that passed, and it should have passed last year, the year before, and it should be passed this year. So we are in complete agreement on that point, and I know that has been a great source of frustration for the Senator from Alabama as the ranking member of the Budget Committee.  Having said that, let me explain a few facts. First of all, there are no tax dollars being authorized by this reform bill. There is no transfer of taxpayer money to the Postal Service. What we have here is a very strange and unusual budget situation. And the score CBO has is incredibly misleading because the Postal Service, oddly enough, is part of the unified budget of the United States even though most of its accounts are off-budget, but it participates in Federal employee retirement systems and the health benefits systems and the workers' compensation systems, where postal dollars that come from postal employees and from postal ratepayers are commingled, if you will, with tax dollars that come from other Federal agencies into the retirement system, the workers' comp system, and the health benefits system. And that creates this odd situation, which makes it very difficult for CBO to score this bill correctly.  The inspector general of the Postal Service puts it far more bluntly. In a February 22 report from this year called ``Budget Enforcement Procedures and the Postal Service,'' the inspector general said:     . . . the Postal Service's off-budget status . . . expose[s]      the Postal Service to an inappropriate and illogical      application of the scoring process that threatens its ability      to reform and heal its financial condition. Scoring and      budget enforcement were created for a good purpose, but they      are undermined when the scoring process assumes that unlikely      or inappropriate inflows to the Treasury must occur.  Let me give you a couple of examples because it is incredibly important that we walk through the score so that our colleagues can understand the unique on-budget/off-budget status of the Postal Service, particularly in the area of reducing payments to retiree health benefits or recovering overpayments to the FERS system and how the CBO scoring method obscures the true savings achieved by refunding the FERS payments.  Again, let me repeat that since 1971 the Postal Service has received no Federal subsidy to operate other than some very minor appropriated dollars for functions that the Postal Service is legislatively mandated to do, such as mail for the blind and overseas ballots for our troops. That is it. Prior to 1971 there was a taxpayer subsidy year after year to the Postal Service, but that ended with the Postal Reform Act in that year. So from the sale of stamps, the cost of shipping packages, and the rates mailers and magazine publishers and newspaper publishers pay to get the print versions delivered comes the revenue for the Postal Service. And even the money the Postal Service uses for retiree benefits comes from a combination of the contributions the postal workers make and the money the Postal Service invests.  As I mentioned earlier, there is a significant overpayment into the Federal Employees Retirement System, and we, along with the administration, the GAO, the independent actuaries, and the Postal Service inspector general, have all proposed that overpayment be returned to the Postal Service, and it would be used in part to finance these buyouts and retirement incentives to reduce the size of the postal workforce.  Let's look at how CBO scores this particular part of the bill.  First of all, CBO gives this bill no credit whatsoever for the buyouts, and here is why: CBO argues that the Postal Service already has buyout authority, but as the Presiding Officer knows better than anybody in this Chamber, our bill changes the status quo in two critical ways. First of all, the Postal Service has no cash right now to do these buyouts. That is one of the reasons we are so eager to get the money from the overpayment of FERS refunded to the Postal Service. Second, in our substitute bill, we specifically direct the Postmaster General to use a portion of this money to entice 18 percent of the current postal workers to accept this offer. That is a big difference. So there is a mandatory direction to the Postmaster General to reduce the workforce by about 18 percent and there is the cash that will allow him to offer buyouts to do that. Why CBO doesn't score that as a savings to the Postal Service is beyond me.  There is another way to reduce the workforce and, again, the funds for this would come from the FERS refund. Our bill provides new authority to the Postal Service to offer 1 or 2 years of credited service toward a pension annuity so that for a worker who is just lacking a year or two to reach the number of years necessary for retirement could be credited with that extra year or two of service, depending on which retirement system the worker is in. Unfortunately, the CBO makes an assumption that only several thousand employees would take advantage of that offer and credits the bill with savings of only $643 million over 10 years. Since these kinds of service credits have never been offered before, it is not clear how the CBO came up with this assumption. There is no precedent for it. There is no data for the CBO to use. Again, our original bill did not include the hard requirement for the 18-percent reduction, but our substitute does. Yet CBO does not recognize that change.  The Postal Service has told us, as the Presiding Officer would attest, these requirements and this new authority and the funds for the buyouts and the service credit would allow them to reduce their workforce in the neighborhood of 100,000 employees and save some $8 billion a year. That is not reflected in the estimate. I use that example because it shows how strange the scoring is. This is a quirk of the budget-scoring rules because when there is a transfer of Postal Service money--not taxpayer money, Postal Service money--from one account in the Treasury, such as the retirement account, into an off-budget postal operations account, the CBO makes this assumption that savings are not going to occur. So when we transfer the $11 billion overpayment--the refund--from the pension account, to which the Postal Service has been overcharged, into a postal operating account, it gets credited as $5.5 billion instead of $11 billion. That means an on-budget account loses $11 billion, as CBO looks at it, and the off-budget account only gains $5.5 billion. This is very complex because it is so obscure and because, frankly, it is so illogical. The result is the net score in the unified budget of $5.5 billion as a cost to the Treasury, and that simply is not the reality. Again, these are not taxpayer dollars that went into the overpayment in the first place. So here we have a provision that is being scored as the $5.5 billion cost to the Treasury when, in fact, they aren't tax dollars, and it is only because this is a unified budget, where some of the accounts are on-budget and some of the accounts are off-budget, that we have this anomalous result. It doesn't make sense.  Let me give my colleagues another example. The CBO acknowledges that our reforms of the Federal Workers' Compensation Program would save $1.2 billion, but CBO doesn't count this reduction as a savings because of the way the Department of Labor charges agencies for participation in the workers' compensation program. Again, that doesn't make any sense, when the CBO itself acknowledges that these are real reforms that are going to save $1.2 billion. Yet we only get credit for $200 million of the reforms.  There is another issue. The CBO does not account for what would happen if the Postal Service allows service to continue to deteriorate because the CBO doesn't recognize the reality that all the big mailers and small mailers tell us, which is that revenue will be driven out of the system if the servicecuts associated with plant closures and wholesale closures of post offices are allowed to proceed. The bottom line is that were it not for 50-percent discounts being applied over and over to the savings we achieve for 5-day delivery, retiree health care, the pension refund, on the basis of these strange behavioral assumptions and reflecting the odd combination of off-budget and on-budget accounts being brought together in a unified budget, the bill would have scored approximately $24.6 billion more in off-budget savings, making the bill a net saver of $14.8 billion.  This is so frustrating because it is so complex, but I think if our colleagues look at the example of the FERS overpayment, it becomes very clear because there are no taxpayer dollars involved. Yet it is scored as a cost to the Treasury of $5.5 billion. How can a refund of an overpayment that involves no tax dollars end up being scored as a cost to the Treasury of $5.5 billion? That is how illogical and quirky this estimate is, and it is because of the unique status of the Postal Service and how its various accounts are reflected in the budget.  In addition to my absolute conviction that this score is very misleading, let me make another point. If we do not proceed with this bill--if this budget point of order brings down this bill--the Postal Service will not survive as we know it. Again, we are not providing a taxpayer subsidy in this bill. In fact, I would argue we are preventing a taxpayer bailout in this bill because later this year, if the Postal Service cannot meet its payroll and thus is unable to deliver mail, I think the pressure for the taxpayer bailout will increase substantially, and I do not want to see us return to the pre-1971 era, where the taxpayers were on the hook for the Postal Service. Our bill would avoid that outcome.  Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  