Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, we have debated this constitutional amendment for almost an hour and a half now. I think that the issue is very clear, and that is whether the House should maintain its function as a House that no one enters without first being chosen by the people, or whether there should be some procedure for the appointment of Members of the House should there be a catastrophe.  This is a philosophical difference, and it is a philosophical difference that no amount of hearings will be able to bridge. Maybe this constitutional amendment is improperly drafted, maybe it is not; but the thrust of the constitutional amendment is to allow the appointment of Members of the House of Representatives to act, supposedly in the people's name, when there is a national catastrophe of unspeakable proportions. Any action by appointed officials will lack the legitimacy of action by elected officials, and that is why I think it is important to reconstitute the House with people who come to Congress with a mandate from the people should there be a disaster that wipes out most of our government.  Now, let us look at what House Joint Resolution 83 proposes to do. It says that prior to taking the oath of office, every Member elected to the House shall designate at least two temporary successors and will send that list to the Governor.  Now, during a campaign, when candidates are running against each other, there is no way that candidates will be able to avoid telling the press and the public who they will name as temporary successors. And that would be a distraction that would take away from the issue of choosing a representative in Congress who, hopefully, will serve for the full 2-year term. And all kinds of extraneous issues, such as how much the temporary successor designee contributed or whether they have special interests and things like that, will end up becoming an ancillary, but very important, issue in the campaign and take the campaign's focus away from the issues that the candidates espouse in their platforms. And that would not be good for democracy at all.  Now, it puzzles me greatly that people who have said how important it is that we deal with this issue and deal with it properly are now attacking the Committee on the Judiciary and asking for a delay. On October 23 of last year, the author of this amendment, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Baird), said ``The more urgent matter is to put the measure before the body.'' That is what is being done today, yet now I hear him and others saying, well, we need more hearings.  Well, Mr. Speaker, more hearings will just continue the debate on whether or not there should be appointed temporary successors or the House should maintain its tradition constitutionally of being entirely comprised of people who are elected by the voters of the various States.  The Continuity in Government Commission's report, which endorses appointed representatives, says ``The exact details of a solution are less important than that the problem be addressed seriously and expeditiously.'' Today we are debating that issue. We ought to send a clear message on whether this House wants to have temporary successors appointed, which will only be done by a constitutional amendment, or whether we want to continue our tradition of having people who come here to be elected.  I urge that the motion to recommit be voted down and that the amendment be voted down so we can show the people of America and the world what this House stands for and what it stands against. I ask for a ``no'' vote on the motion to recommit and a ``no'' vote on the constitutional amendment.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  