Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I have been listening to this debate since it began and until the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Watt) got up and brought in the whole subject of job loss, I did not hear anything about job loss at all.  Well, this bill is about preventing job loss because if a franchisee of a major national fast food chain ends up getting sued, he will be out of business, even if he wins his lawsuits because of all the legal fees and deposition fees and expert witness fees that he is going to have to pay.  So it seems to me that for once, Congress is getting ahead of the curve on this because we do have the evidence that a bunch of plaintiffs lawyers got together and they required everybody who went to this conference to sign an affidavit of confidentiality and a promise that they would not consult with or represent the food industry until the end of 2006.  Now, let us get back to what this bill consists of. This bill consists of imposing personal responsibility. And in my part of the general debate, I quoted Susan Finn, who is the head of the American Council on Fitness and Nutrition. She said, ``If you are obese, do not get a lawyer. See your doctor. See a nutritionist and see a personal trainer, because you made yourself obese. It was not the system that did it or the local fast food chain that did it. You did it yourself.''  And then I quoted the doctor who runs the residential facility in Durham, North Carolina, and he said, ``The worst thing in the world you can do for an obese person is to give them a way out, to let them blame somebody else. They are going to have to look in the mirror if they want to get better and they want to prevent themselves from having all the health problems and lowered life expectancy as a result of eating too much and eating too much of bad stuff.''  So, let us talk about saving jobs before they go. Let us talk about not giving people who are in denial a reason to get themselves off the hook. And let us talk about putting some sense in our legal system because it is not the food industry or those who sell a legal product that make people obese. It is people buying too much and consuming too much of that legal product. That is what this bill attempts to address and that is why it ought to pass.  