Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from North Carolina and I have a little bit different view of the role of federalism in our country. All I can say is I am happy that his view did not prevail during the great debates on civil rights that occurred in this Chamber and down the hall in the Senate Chamber during the sixties, seventies and eighties, because the notion of States' rights would not have been agreed to by the gentleman from North Carolina.  I think this amendment must be defeated because it would gut the bill and also fail to protect the decisions of State legislatures regarding food policy. I do not think we want to see a single judge in a single State court deciding to establish national policy. We have seen far too much of that, and the Watt amendment would allow that type of judicial misinterpretation to occur in a State court somewhere in this country.  This bill is also about protecting the separation of powers and the legislative prerogatives of the elected representatives at the State level. The amendment would gut those provisions.  The drive by overeaters' personal injuries attorneys to blame those who serve them food and to collect unlimited monetary damages is an attempt to accomplish through litigation that which has not been achieved by legislation and the democratic process.  John Banzhaf, a law professor at George Washington University who helped spearhead lawsuits against tobacco companies, has said, ``If the legislatures won't legislate, then the trial lawyers will litigate.'' National Public Radio, August 8, 2002.  Various courts have described similar lawsuits against the firearms industry for harm caused by the misuse of its products by others as an attempt to ``regulate through the medium of the judiciary'' and ``improper attempts to have the court substitute its judgment for that of the legislature, something which the court is neither inclined tonor empowered to do.'' Such lawsuits break down the separation of powers between the branches of government.  Large damage awards and requests for injunctive relief have the potential to force the judiciary to intrude into the decision-making process properly within the sphere of another branch of government, namely, State legislatures. That is the intent behind these fast-food lawsuits, to circumvent legislatures, to circumvent the Congress and the popular will of the people who elect us.  Further, Congress has the clear constitutional authority and the responsibility to enact H.R. 339. The lawsuits against the food industry H.R. 339 addresses directly implicate core federalism principles articulated by the United States Supreme Court, which has made clear that ``one State's powers to impose burdens on the interstate market is not only subordinate to the Federal power over interstate commerce, but is also constrained by the need to respect the interests of other States.''  Congress can, of course, exercise its authority under the Commerce Clause to prevent a few State courts from bankrupting the food industry.  In fast-food lawsuits, personal injury lawyers seek to obtain through the court stringent limits on the sale and distribution of food beyond the court's jurisdictional boundaries. By virtue of the enormous compensatory and punitive damages sought, and because of the types of injunctive relief requested, these complaints in practical effect would require manufacturers of lawfully produced food to curtail or cease all lawful commercial trade in that food in the jurisdictions within which they reside, almost always outside of the States within which the States are brought, to prevent potentially limitless liability. Insofar as these complaints have the practical effect of halting or burdening interstate commerce in food, they seek remedies in violation of the Constitution.  Such personal injury attorneys' claims directly implicate core federalism principles articulated by the Supreme Court in BMW of North America v. Gore, 1996. The Gore case makes clear that ``one State's power to impose burdens on the interstate market is not only subordinate to the Federal power over interstate commerce, but is also constrained by the need to respect the interests of other States.''  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The time of the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) has expired.  (By unanimous consent, Mr. Sensenbrenner was allowed to proceed for 1 additional minute.)  