Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by the gentleman from Idaho. And I know that an underlying argument on both sides of the aisle is whether one likes or dislikes the controversial decisions the Ninth Circuit has rendered from time to time. I would hope that we would disregard that and look at the statistics, that the Ninth Circuit has become unwieldy.  I agree with the gentleman from Idaho that the Ninth Circuit is going to get split sooner or later. I believe that he has an amendment to accomplish this split in the best manner possible.  Now, let us look at why the Ninth Circuit needs to be split. First, it has 48 judges already serving, seven more are created in this bill, and that is a figure that approaches twice the number of total judges in the next largest circuit.  Second, the population of the territory within the Ninth Circuit is 56 million people, and that is roughly one-fifth of the Nation's population, and 25 million more than the population of the next largest circuit. The Ninth Circuit comprises nearly 40 percent of the geographic area of the United States. So that means, to come to get your appeal heard, one, in many instances, has to travel much farther, to San Francisco, than litigants in the other circuits to get to where those circuits sit.  The Ninth Circuit has the most number of appeals filed and the highest percentage increase in number of appeals filed, the most number of appeals still pending, and the longest median time until disposition.  Now, having said all of these statistics, why should we delay in dealing with the split of the Ninth Circuit? There are some who have proposed onlyone additional circuit be created, whether it includes all the States outside of California, Hawaii, Guam, and the northern Mariana Islands or whether the circuit should be divided into three pieces.  I think that what the gentleman from Idaho has done in dividing the Ninth Circuit into three, a new Ninth Circuit, a new 12th Circuit and a new 13th Circuit will make for the most efficient administration of justice.  I grant the point that most of the appeals arise from California, and that is why the gentleman's amendment has all seven of the new judges, five permanent and two temporary, sit with the newly reconstituted Ninth Circuit in the State of California. This is an idea whose time has come. If we delay adopting this amendment, we are just going to have more administrative problems caused by higher caseloads, so we might as well do it now; and I would urge the committee to support the amendment.  