Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support today of House Concurrent Resolution 414, which recognizes the 50th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Brown v. Board of Education and calls on Americans to observe this anniversary with a commitment to continuing and building on the legacy of Brown.  In 1896, the Supreme Court decided Plessy v. Ferguson, which held that separate but equal public facilities were lawful. This decision paved the way for the systematic segregation of America based on race. In the wake of that decision, State legislatures felt vindicated passing a number of laws, including the infamous Jim Crow laws, which ensured that the right to equal protection of the laws was a right in name only for African Americans and other minorities.  Many fought for years to try and reverse this pattern of discrimination. Some met with limited success, such as Gonzalo and Felicitas Mendez, who in 1947 prevailed in their efforts to allow students of Mexican ancestry to attend the same California public elementary schools as attended by white children, but it was not until Oliver Brown and his brave fellow plaintiffs from Kansas, Virginia, South Carolina, and Delaware successfully challenged the school segregation policies in those States that this pattern of inequality began to change for all persons.  As Chief Justice Earl Warren, who had recently been appointed to the Supreme Court by President Eisenhower, stated for a unanimous majority, ``We conclude that in the field of public education the doctrine of `separate but equal' has no place.''  In the 50 years since the Brown decision, much has changed in this country. Brown provided the spark for the Eisenhower administration to push through the 1957 and 1960 Civil Rights Acts. These acts, in turn, provided the blueprint for the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the Fair Housing Act of 1968.  All of these acts served to further dismantle the barriers to equality that African Americans and other members of minority groups had faced in the decades after Plessy. It is for this reason that Congress, and indeed, all Americans, should celebrate the anniversary of Brown and take this opportunity to reflect anew on the importance of equality in society.  I would like to commend the gentleman from Michigan (Ranking Member Conyers) for introducing this resolution and would also like to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Payne), the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Ryun), the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Loretta Sanchez), and the gentleman from California (Mr. Cox) for their own resolution which helped inform the measure we have before us today. I am pleased to note that most of the leadership of both parties have signed on as cosponsors of this resolution, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  