Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 676, which recognizes the 40th anniversary of Congress' passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and calls on all Americans to recognize and celebrate the historical milestone that it represents.  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 has been a cornerstone in the effort to end discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, and sex. It has been used successfully by Federal prosecutors to desegregate hotels, motels, restaurants, theaters, and other places of public accommodation engaged in interstate commerce. Together with the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968, and the Supreme Court's decision in Brown v. Board of Education, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 has done much to remedy the sad legacy of discrimination in America.  As I noted in my comments on the resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of Brown on the House floor last month, the quest for civil rights has been, and must continue to be, a bipartisan effort. This was particularly true in the passage of the 1964 Civil Rights Act.  Recognizing that segregationists in the Democratic Party could forestall the passage of any civil rights legislation, the Kennedy administration actively sought to build a bipartisan consensus in favor of the bill from the moment of its introduction. In that spirit, Republican ranking member William M. McCulloch joined with Democratic chairman Emanuel Celler to guide the bill through the House Committee on the Judiciary. Their efforts ultimately led 138 Republicans to join 152, mostly Northern Democrats to overwhelmingly pass a compromise measure in the full House on February 10, 1964.  In the Senate, bipartisanship was even more important for passage of the act. Due to the rules of that body, a minority of Senators, mostly Southern Democrats, were able to prevent a vote on the act for 52 days. Against this backdrop, Republican Minority Leader Everett McKinley Dirksen succeeded in drafting an alternative clean bill with Majority Leader Mike Mansfield that kept most of the substantive provisions of the House bill, while tweaking it sufficiently to gain the support of a few swing Republican Senators. The Dirksen-Mansfield substitute worked. After an impassioned floor speech by Senator Dirksen, the Senate voted 71 to 29 to invoke cloture on June 10, 1964. After a few more days of procedural wrangling, 28 Republicans joined with 45 Democrats to pass the Civil Rights Act by a 73 to 27 margin.  When the Senate-passed measure returned to the House for final action, a bipartisan coalition succeeded in ensuring that the bill would go to the floor without an amendment. On July 2, 1964, the House passed the Civil Rights Act with yet another bipartisan vote of 289 to 126. The bill went to the White House where President Johnson signed it into law before a live television audience the same day.  The legislative history of the Civil Rights Act demonstrates what can happen when Republicans and Democrats work together. Neither side got everything it wanted, but they succeeded in passing landmark legislation that, while imperfect, did a great deal to remedy discrimination and promote equality of all Americans, regardless of color, creed, or sex.  Passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was one of the highlights of the history of Congress, and I hope that all Members will join me in recognizing its importance.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  