Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation addresses a growing problem facing our Nation's creative community. Efforts to ensure that consumers are able to know whether they are buying legitimate software, music, movies, or other forms of intellectual property are being subverted by those who counterfeit authentication labels and steal legitimate ones. These counterfeited and illicit labels are then attached to counterfeit products defrauding consumers into thinking they have purchased a legitimate copy of the product when they have not.  The committee has been made aware of numerous efforts by organized groups to counterfeit authentication labels and to traffic in illicit ones. The activity is highly profitable and less likely to lead to arrest than for dealing in drugs; and until this legislation is signed into law, subject to a loophole in the existing law that allows those who traffic in such labels to face no criminal penalties. The middleman who traffics in illicit and counterfeit labels can walk away from his crime with no penalties. The bill would close this loophole and ensure that everyone who undertakes a scheme to defraud consumers faces criminal penalties.  Because of the short time remaining in this session, H.R. 3632 also incorporates the text of three other noncontroversial bills, H.R. 3754, H.R. 112, and H.R. 4646, in the manager's amendment. H.R. 3754 provides for additional penalties for those who use false domain name contact information to commit crimes. As Internet-based crimes continue to increase in number, updated laws are needed to stop this growth. H.R. 112 and H.R. 4646 provide for a new place of holding Federal district court in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and Plattsburgh, New York, respectively.  H.R. 112 is cosponsored by both Republican and Democratic members of the Colorado delegation. The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts have stated they support enactment of the bill. H.R. 4646 is similarly supported by the U.S. Judicial Conference and the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of New York.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  