Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this is another amendment that is designed to slow down having an election to replace Members who have been wiped out as a result of a terrorist attack. It has a number of features that will do that and will open up Pandora's box to allow people to game the system.  The first part of the amendment extends by 5 days, from 2 days to 7 days, the time in which legal action can be filed on the narrow issue of whether there are 100 vacancies and whether a vacancy occurs in a particular district.  The second section of the gentleman's amendment is not properly drafted. The base bill says that the decision of the district court of 3 judges must be rendered within 3 days and is not reviewable. However, the second section of the amendment says, taking into account the opportunity for an expedited appeal of the initial decision.  There is no appeal of the initial decision in the base bill, and the second section makes that section of the revised statute inconsistent in its text.  The third section of the amendment proposes to allow anybody or a political party to petition for an appeal. This is how the system can be gamed. My district is an overwhelmingly Republican district. It has never elected a Democrat to the House of Representatives in over 40 years. If I should be annihilated, I am sure that there would be the temptation that would be there for the Democrats in my district to try to stop an election and try to stop a Republican from probably being elected and seated to replace me. Similarly, in the district next door to me, currently represented by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Kleczka), that is an overwhelmingly Democratic district, and the temptation would be there under this amendment for the Republican Party or Republican citizens to file a lawsuit to slow down the election of the replacement of the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Kleczka) should he be annihilated in a terrorist attack.  So the amendment that has been offered allows people to game the system for political ends rather than to rise above partisanship at times of a crisis and to speedily elect a replacement Member when someone has been wiped out in a terrorist attack.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  