Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, the women who are the victims of the violence that has caused death or harm to their babies have already made their choice, and their choice was to carry their babies to term and to give birth and to raise those children in hopefully a nurturing and loving household. To say that this legislation takes away the choice of a woman is just flat-out wrong. Maybe some people disagree with the choice that that woman made, but that is a personal choice; and we ought to recognize that this legislation respects that personal choice.  And then to hear that this legislation is an assault on the Constitution is completely missing the point. The Supreme Court has consistently upheld fetal homicide laws, two-victim crime laws. The Webster case, I think, was the most emphatic upholding of that, and that is a Supreme Court that has also consistently refused to modify Roe v. Wade or to overrule it. So the Court has been able to make a distinction which apparently some of the Members on the other side of this argument have not been able to make, that fetal homicide laws are constitutional, two-victim crime laws are legal as well.  Now, I hope that more Members would have been able to hear the arguments that were advanced by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Gingrey),who was an obstetrician by profession before he was elected to Congress. He has said that in some instances a minor bruise on the abdomen of a pregnant woman can result in the death of the child. If all that someone can be prosecuted for is that minor bruise, then the full force of the law against someone who has caused the death of another would not be able to be imposed against that defendant without a two-victim bill. And that is why two victims is so important. It is important, it is constitutional; but, most of all, it respects the right of the women who have decided that they do not want an abortion, that they want to give birth, and they want to raise the child with all the love that a newborn child deserves.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).  