Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1417, legislation to reform the rate-making and royalty distribution system for compulsory and statutory licenses.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to thank the ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), as well as the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Berman), the chairman and ranking minority member of the Subcommittee on the Courts, the Internet and Intellectual Property, for their support in making CARP reform a priority.  By way of background, with the creation of three copyright compulsory licenses in 1976, Congress contemplated the need for an administrative body that would be responsible for adjusting the rates of the statutory licenses from time to time, as well as acting as the distributors of the royalties subject to these licenses.  The resulting entity was the Copyright Royalty Tribunal or the CRT. In 1993, in response to criticisms voiced against the CRT, Congress reassessed the rate-making and royalty distribution system and created the current system, the Copyright Royalty Arbitration Panel, otherwise known as CARPs.  Among other things, H.R. 1417 addresses the uniform complaints that the CARP decisions are unpredictable and inconsistent by changing the structure from ad hoc arbitration panels to three permanent copyright royalty judges. To justify the need for these full-time judges, as well as to alleviate the overwhelming workloads at given periods of time, the bill staggers the timing at which the three various statutory licenses can be heard.  The bill also addresses the complaint that the process is unnecessarily expensive by eliminating the costs of arbitration upon private parties. It does so by creating a specific process designed to give small claimants a more balanced ability to participate. The bill discourages persons or entities from disrupting the process at the 11th hour by requiring potential participants to show that they have a significant interest in the proceedings. In furtherance of marketplace negotiations, the measure establishes a cooling-off period during which time parties are to focus on reaching their own agreements.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the substitute before us incorporates certain noncontroversial amendments written to accommodate legitimate concerns that evolve after our committee reported the bill out.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1417 was painstakingly negotiated among the various congressional, executive, and industry stakeholders. We worked in a bipartisan manner and developed a consensus product that will effectively address an arcane, but important, manner. I urge its adoption.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  