Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 853, recognizing the Boy Scouts of America for the public service the organization performs for neighborhoods and communities across the United States.  Despite the widespread respect the Boy Scouts of America have earned over their long history, the Boy Scouts have been and continue to be the targets of strident legal attacks simply because religious faith is part of the scouting program.  The purpose of the Boy Scouts of America, incorporated on February 8, 1910, and chartered by this Congress in 1916, is to provide an educational program for boys and young adults to build character, to train in the responsibilities of citizenship, and to develop personal fitness. The community-based organizations receive national charters they use to integrate the Scouting program into their own youth work.  These groups, which have goals compatible with those of the Boy Scouts of America, include religious, educational, civil, fraternal, business and labor organizations; governmental bodies; corporations; professional associations; and citizens' groups.  Several Presidents of the United States, including John F. Kennedy and Gerald R. Ford, have been ex-Scouts. Of the 108th Congress, 264 Members, nearly half the entire congressional membership, participated in Scouting. Membership in the Scouts since 1910 totals more than 110 million. As of December 31, 2003, the Boy Scouts of America included 3.2 million youth members and 1.2 million adult members.  The Scout Law sets forth 12 guiding principles, providing that a Scout is ``trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, and reverent.'' With regard to the final principle, the Scout Law says, ``A Scout is reverent. A Scout is reverent toward God. He is faithful in his religious duties. He respects the beliefs of others.'' All Boy Scouts must know and subscribe to the Scout Oath and Law, which embodies not only the ideals of Scouting but also those of our great Nation.  While many religious organizations charter Scouting units, Boy Scouts of America prohibits them from requiring boys who belong to other denominations or faith to take part in or observe their religious ceremonies. Rather, the Boy Scouts of America encourages its youth members to practice their religious beliefs as directed by their parents and their spiritual advisors.  In Boy Scouts of America vs. Dale, the Supreme Court held that ``during the time spent with the youth members, the scoutmasters and assistant scoutmasters inculcate them with the Boy Scouts' values, both expressly and by example. It seems indisputable that an association that seeks to transmit such a system of values engages in expressive activity.''  Whenever the Boy Scouts are singled out for unfavorable treatment because of their viewpoint, very serious constitutional issues are raised. And this Congress will do everything in its power to uphold the Boy Scouts' constitutional rights.  Despite affirmation of the Scouts' first amendment right of expressive association by the Supreme Court in the Dale case, the Boy Scouts have been attacked on a variety of legal fronts.  In 1999 the American Civil Liberties Union filed suit against the United States Department of Defense, the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, and the Chicago School Reform Board of Trustees claiming that governmental support of the Boy Scouts violates the establishments clause because the Boy Scouts require a belief in God as a condition of membership. This lawsuit seeks to remove virtually all government support of the Boy Scouts of America.  Additionally, though the Supreme Court affirmed the Scouts' freedom of expressive association in the context of setting membership standards, the Scouts have been excluded from participating in Connecticut's charitable giving program for choosing to express this right.  The Scouts are also under attack in the city of San Diego. For decades the Scouts have used San Diego park property pursuant to a lease agreement with the city. However, the use of this property is currently in jeopardy due to claims by activist groups that the Scouts' use of the property violates the establishment clause.  The Scouts have also had to fight for equal access to school facilities for after-hour use. Shortly after the Supreme Court's decision in Dale, the Broward County School Board in Florida unanimously voted to exclude the Boy Scouts of America from utilizing school facilities for after-school use simply because of the Boy Scouts' religious principles, even though, for many years prior to this, the local arm of the Scouts had enjoyed the after-hours use of many Broward school facilities and numerous other organizations continued to use the school facilities.  Throughout the history of the Boy Scouts of America, the Boy Scouts have provided services to others, gathering food and clothing for needyneighbors, building playgrounds, repairing parks and public buildings, assisting fire and police departments, and aiding disaster victims. In the days following September 11, Boy Scouts across the country collected food and other necessities for the victims' family and rescue workers and helped to rally the patriotism of the country by handing out flags and holding candlelight vigils.  Practically every Member of this body, Mr. Speaker, has been invited and participated in Eagle Scout ceremonies. I have been at a number of them, and it is a recognition of the good kids in our society that in my opinion do not get enough recognition. But in order to become an Eagle, every Scout has to do some type of community service project. And if the Scout does not do that, the Scout does not attain the highest rank, which is Eagle status. And it would be a shame if the Boy Scouts ended up being sued to death and, thus, the communities that benefit from all of these Eagle projects, as well as the projects that Scouts of lower rank participate in, would not be available.  We need the Boy Scouts now more than ever. And this Congress will do whatever it takes to make sure their vital spirit continues to inspire and strengthen America and its youth. I rise today in support of House Resolution 853, and I will rise in support of future efforts to protect the Boy Scouts whenever they or any other organization face unfair discrimination.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  (