Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, Congress established the State Justice Institute as a private nonprofit corporation in 1984. Its purpose is to improve judicial administration in the State courts. SJI accomplishes this goal by providing funds to State courts and to other national organizations or nonprofits that support State courts. SJI also fosters cooperation with the Federal judiciary in areas of mutual concern.  Pursuant to oversight legislation passed in the previous Congress, theAttorney General, in consultation with the Federal Judicial Center, conducted review of the SJI operations and reported its findings to Congress late last year. The results are encouraging. The Attorney General noted that the Institute has been effective and has complied with its statutory mission, and observed that support for State court innovation and improvement is a Federal interest.  Mr. Speaker, based upon the beneficial work SJI has done, I believe it should be afforded a congressional reauthorization, and that is the purpose of this bill. More specifically, section 2 of the bill authorizes $7 million annually for SJI operations over a 4-year cycle. Appropriated funds under section 2 are to remain available until expended. The last two bills reauthorizing the Institute contain such language which reflects the reality that no grant agency can fully expend all of its funds in the year of appropriation.  In addition, section 3 of the bill authorized the Institute to purchase goods and services from the General Services Administration. Because SJI is not a Federal agency, it is not legally authorized to procure goods and services from the GSA. In some instances, this exclusion can create unnecessary hardship. To illustrate, SJI was recently denied the ability to purchase GSA storage boxes to transfer its records to the National Archives.  Mr. Speaker, in sum, the bill represents a modest authorization for a small but important organization that assists our State court systems. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  