Speaker, at 9:50 in the morning on September 11, 2001, I was standing in this Chamber waiting to bring up three bills that had come out of the Committee on the Judiciary. At that time the Sergeant at Arms told Speaker Hastert that another plane had been unaccounted for; that it was heading in the direction of Washington, D.C., and the Speaker promptly ordered the evacuation of the Capitol and told me to run for my life.  Had that plane not left the gate at the Newark, New Jersey, airport, I would not be standing here today, nor would this building be standing here today. I think that gave me pause to think of what would happen to preserve this unique representative government should there be a disaster that wiped out the entire Congress. And the debate today goes basically to the issue of whether the reconstituted House should preserve the tradition that the House of Representatives has always consisted of Members that were first elected by the people, or whether we should have appointed Representatives, appointed by the Governor, appointed by the legislature, or appointed by ourselves before we passed away.  Now, if Armageddon should take place and a disaster should happen, we can have an executive branch that is headed by an appointed Cabinet Secretary under the Presidential succession law. We could have a Senate of 100 Members appointed by the Governor of the respective States. And if we should amend the Constitution to allow the appointment of Members of the House of Representatives, then we would have an appointed House. Is that what the Framers of the Constitution had in mind, an appointed President, an appointed Senate, and an appointed House of Representatives? No way. And the comments of James Madison in the Federalist Papers are right on target.  So the issue today is whether we should amend the Constitution to allow for the appointment of interim Representatives or figure out a way to elect replacement Representatives who would come to Washington, D.C., or wherever the Congress would be meeting, with a mandate from the people at the time of the most severe crisis in the history of this country. And this bill attempts to set up a mechanism so that we can have prompt special elections.  Now, no election is perfectly run. We have sure found that out 4 years ago in the Presidential election. But I am here to tell you that elections, no matter how imperfect they are, are much better than having an appointed House of Representatives where the loyalty would be nowhere but to whomever made the appointment.  Now, I have heard a lot of complaints from my friends on the other side of the aisle that I am stonewalling consideration of a constitutional amendment. That is not true. We had a hearing last year on the constitutional amendment proposed by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Baird). It did not get very much support. But at the first markup of the Committee on the Judiciary that we will have, we will take up his constitutional amendment and send it to the floor. I will vigorously oppose it on the principle that I am opposed to having appointed Members sit in this House of Representatives. But we ought to have a debate on this, and we ought to see who wants to have our replacements be elected or our replacements be appointed should we be wiped out.  Then I hear the complaints that 45 days is too quick to be able to organize a fair election. That is not true. In Virginia, when there is a vacancy in the Virginia General Assembly due to a death or a resignation, there have been special elections that have been held within 12 days after that vacancy occurred, and nobody has complained that the successor Representative was unfairly elected.  During World War II, the British House of Commons, which, like the House of Representatives, has entirely consisted of people who have been elected by the people since 1215 A.D., they were able to have special elections within 42 days after a vacancy occurred. Notwithstanding the point that the Nazis were bombing Britain every night incessantly, they still were able to stand up and preserve the notion that people should come to the House of Commons with a mandate from the people and not be appointed by anybody else.  