Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  This amendment would prevent the application of H.R. 339 to pending lawsuits and must be defeated. The amendment would essentially gut the entire bill by preventing the dismissal of pending lawsuits. If such an amendment passed, all that would happen is that hundreds of additional cases would be filed right before the date of enactment. That is exactly what happened in Texas and Mississippi when those States recently enacted legal reforms that did not preclude pending cases.  Such an amendment, as offered by the gentleman from North Carolina, would therefore make the current situation much worse. The Supreme Court has held that Congress can impose rules that apply retroactively, if it does so, pursuant to an economic policy. Review of retroactive legislation under the due process clause is no more than a variety of judicial regulation of economic activity under the concept of substantive due process.  The general principles the Supreme Court has handed down regarding the constitutionality of retroactive legislation under due process principles were summarized by the court as follows: ``The strong deference accorded legislation in the field of national economic policy is no less applicable when that legislation is applied retroactively. Provided that the retroactive application of a statute is supported by a legitimate legislative purpose, furthered by rational means, judgment about the wisdom of such legislation remain within the legislative and exclusive branches. The retroactive legislation does not have to meet a burden not faced by legislation that has only future effects, but that burden is met simply by showing that the retroactive application of the legislation is itself justified by a rational legislative purpose,'' and that is Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation v. R.A. Gray & Company decided by the Supreme Court in 1984.  This bill aims to save the national food industry from bankruptcy due to pending lawsuits and is an enactment pursuant to a national economic policy. The Supreme Court also upheld the retroactive application of the liability provisions of the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980 against the challenge that the withdrawal liability provisions violated the fifth amendment taking of property clause.  The provision of the Act that required an employer to fund its share of a pension plan was viewed by the court as a law regulating economic activity to promote the common good. Therefore, the law was not an invalid taking of property for which compensation was due. That is Connolly v. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, 1986.  This amendment is a bad one. It is designed to gut the legislation and should be defeated.  