Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1561 will help implement the Patent and Trademark Office's Strategic Business Plan to transform the agency's operations. The bill incorporates a revised fee schedule previously submitted by the PTO that will generate much-needed additional revenue. The plan also includes a true structural reform of the office, which demonstrates that the PTO is not simply saying give us more money and we will solve the problem. The implementation of the strategic plan is the first step forward toward improving patent and trademark quality while reducing application backlogs and pendency at the agency.  These goals are critical to the health of cutting-edge industries in particular and our economy in general. Americans lead the world in the production and export of intellectual property and related goods and services. Time is money in the intellectual property world. If the PTO cannot issue quality patents and trademarks in a timely manner, then inventors and trademark filers are the losers.  By granting patents and registering trademarks, the PTO affects the vitality of businesses and entrepreneurs, paving the way for investment in research and development. Industries based on intellectual property, like biotechnology and motion pictures, represent the largest single sector of the United States economy. Approximately 50 percent of American exports depend upon some form of IP protection.  While intellectual property protection is increasing in importance, the PTO is collapsing under an increasingly complex and massive workload. Patent pendency, the amount of time of patent application is pending before a patent is issued, now averages over 2 years. Without fundamental changes in the way the PTO operates, average pendency in these areas will likely more than double to 6 to 8 years in the next few years.  I would point out that the patent term is 20 years from the date of filing. So if it takes 6 to 8 years before the PTO can decide whether or not an application is indeed patentable and grants a patent, that will be that much less time that the patent is actually good, and, thus, that much less valuable to the person who has successfully invented a new technology or product and patented it.  Moreover, the backlog of applications awaiting a first review by an examiner will grow from the current level of 475,000 to over a million. These delays pose a grave threat to American businesses and entrepreneurs. The nature of technology and the nature of the marketplace make these delays unacceptable and unsustainable.  And what I would point out to the gentlewoman from Ohio and others who complain about this bill and the fee increases that are contained to modernize the system is that if our competitors in an increasingly globalized economy, in Europe and in Japan and elsewhere, are able to obtain more prompt decisions from their patent offices, that will put American inventors at a disadvantage considerably.  To fund the initiatives set forth in the strategic plan, the administration has proposed in H.R. 1561 an increase in patent and trademark fees. The proposed fee changes accurately reflect the PTO's cost of doing business. They will benefit the PTO's customers by reducing application filing fees and allowing applicants to evaluate the commercial value of their inventions and recover the cost of search and examination as the situation warrants. Most importantly, the new fee structure will enable the PTO to reduce pendency time, improve quality and customer service through electronic processing, and pursue greater enforcement of intellectual property rights abroad.  For example, the additional revenue provided by the fee bill will allow the PTO to hire an additional 2,900 patent examiners, these are Federal employees, not outsourced employees, and move to full electronic processing of patent and trademark applications.  The Committee on the Judiciary unanimously approved this bill on July 9, 2003. The administration and private sector strongly advocated the adoption of the fee bill as a necessary means to address the workload crisis at the PTO. Failure to pass the restructuring contained in H.R. 1561 will result in further degrading of PTO operations and increasing the already unacceptable delays to patent and trademark applicants.  Mr. Chairman, I will soon offer a bipartisan compromise amendment on section 5 of this bill. This portion of the bill, as reported, would essentially have taken the PTO off budget, a result that our friends at the Committee on Appropriations strongly opposed. My amendment, developed with their input, as well as that of the majority leader's office, the Congressional Budget Office, and the Committee on theBudget, would deposit any fees collected in a given fiscal year in excess of that actually appropriated in a Fee Reserve Fund. At the end of the fiscal year, the director would then be empowered to rebate the reserve-fund revenue to users of the agency.  I understand that the CBO and the Committee on the Budget believe this compromise accomplishes the twin goals set forth by the majority leader's office in backing these discussions; that we will have eliminated the incentive to use PTO revenue for non-agency purposes without compromising the ability of the Committee on Appropriations to exercise their oversight prerogatives in providing appropriations for the agency. The mainstream user groups have signaled their intent to support the amendment based on this interpretation.  I appreciate very much the cooperation of the appropriators in working out this compromise, and I would call on them to take this opportunity to fully fund the strategic plan. Full funding will be crucial to achieving the changes that we all want to see at the PTO.  Now, let me say a couple of words of what the consequence will be if this bill is voted down. First, if this bill is voted down, the current fee diversion that occurs, where up to 30 percent of the fees that are collected by the PTO are not spent on PTO activities but instead are diverted into other areas under the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, State, Judiciary and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations, will continue.  Patent and trademark applicants should no longer be required to fund functions of the Federal Government that have no relationship whatsoever to Patent and Trademark Office operations. This bill, and the amendment that I will be proposing at the conclusion of the general debate, will end the fee diversion and will mean that fees that are collected by the PTO will either be used by the PTO or refunded to the applicants and other users.  Second, if this bill gets voted down, instead of having a 2-year delay between the time of the application and the time that the application is acted upon, within the next several years that will expand to 6 or 8 years. And if it is 8 years, that means that the patent will only be good and effective for 12 years, because the patent term is 20 years from the date of application. That puts our successful patent applicants at a considerable disadvantage over those competitors who choose to patent their inventions overseas, where patent and trademark offices will work in a more expeditious manner.  I would point out that the small- and medium-sized enterprises who apply for patents under the compromise that is worked out will get a significant fee reduction from a large corporation that is applying for a patent. So there still is a break for small inventors. But there are fee increases; and we need these fee increases to be able to prevent unacceptably long backlogs from occurring, because it is anticipated that the business of the PTO will double in the next few years.  If we do not give them more money and we do not make this into a user fee, then the constitutional protection that the gentlewoman from Ohio and others are referring to will end up becoming very much debased in terms of their worth. I do not think that we want to see this happen, and that is why this legislation is essential to maintain the competitiveness of American intellectual property inventions and the inventiveness that has marked American society since the beginning days of our Republic.  The amendment that I offer in this bill is necessary for the improved performance of the PTO, and failure to enact this legislation will truly be a disaster for American innovation. I urge Members to support this bill.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  