Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this bill, the Title 46 Codification Act of 2004, completes the codification of title 46, United StatesCode, relating to shipping as positive law. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), ranking member, and I jointly introduced this legislation on May 10, 2004.  The bill was prepared by the Office of the Law Revision Counsel as a part of the program required by 2 U.S.C., section 285(b), to prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary, one title at a time, a complete complication, restatement, and revision of the general and permanent laws of the United States. This bill makes no substantive change in existing law. Rather, the bill removes ambiguities, contradictions, and other imperfections from existing law and it repeals obsolete, superfluous, and superseded provisions.  After introduction, the bill was circulated for comment to interested parties, including committees of the Congress and agencies of the government. All comments were to be submitted no later than 45 days after the bill was introduced. The Federal Maritime Commission and the Department of Transportation provided extensive comments on the bill. Several other agencies and departments of the government also provided comments.  The Office of the Law Revision Counsel reviewed and considered all comments, contacting the interested parties to resolve outstanding questions. Some comments proposing changes to improve the organization and clarity were incorporated in the restatement. Other comments, either suggesting substantive changes to existing law or expressing opposition to the substance of existing law, could not be incorporated in the restatement. This bill makes no substantive change in existing law and is not intended to do so. That is not the function of Law Revision Counsel bills. They reorganize and clean up the law and do not change the substance. Thus, Members should understand that because of the nature of this bill, supporting it does not imply support of the underlying provisions that are being reorganized and cleaned up.  At committee I offered a substitute amendment prepared by the Office of the Law Revision Counsel which incorporated additional changes to the Code which were recommended as a result of the review and comment process. That is the text that is before us today. The Law Revision Counsel has indicated that he is satisfied that the substitute text makes no substantive change to existing law and that no additional cost to the government would be incurred as a result of the enactment of H.R. 4319.  I would like to express the committee's appreciation for the work of the Law Revision Counsel and his staff on this bill. I urge all Members to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  