Speaker, this motion to recommit should be defeated as the amendment was defeated, and the reason is that section 215, which this amendment proposes to defund, provides more rights to public libraries and booksellers than a grand jury subpoena would. Let us look at what section 215 does.  First, it requires the FBI to get a court order. To get a court order, a judge has to be convinced that the court order is necessary, and the burden of proof is on the Justice Department.  The section has a narrow scope. It can only be used to obtain foreign intelligence information not concerning a United States person or to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities. That is what this motion to recommit proposes to do away with.  So the people who are being protected are not United States persons, and people who are engaged in international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities.  Section 215 cannot be used to investigate ordinary crimes or even domestic terrorists.  The section preserves first amendment rights, and it expressly provides that the FBI cannot conduct investigations of United States persons solely on the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  Now, if section 215 goes down, then the Justice Department can get a grand jury subpoena. Now, with a grand jury subpoena, there is no court order, there is no court review, and the person who receives the grand jury subpoena, a librarian or a bookseller, if you will, has to spend thousands of dollars hiring a lawyer at their expense to make a motion to quash the subpoena in the United States district court. And the burden of proof is on the bookseller or the librarian who wants to have the subpoena quashed.  I would submit to my colleagues that if we look at what this amendment proposes to get rid of, it gets rid of a procedure that grants more protection to booksellers and is of much narrower scope than the alternative of the grand jury subpoena.  Let us use common sense and not emotion and vote this motion to recommit down.  