 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3036, the Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2004 through 2006.  During the 107th Congress, I was pleased to secure bipartisan passage of the 21st century Department of Justice Authorization Appropriations Act, which comprehensibly reauthorized the Department of Justice for the first time since 1979. During consideration of that legislation, I committed to pursuing a regular authorization process to ensure that the Committee on the Judiciary provides the Department of Justice with clear guidance and continuing oversight.  With an annual budget of around $20 billion and a workforce of more than 100,000 employees, the Department of Justice is an enormous institution. Its importance has only increased since the tragic events of September 11, 2001.  As chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, I have worked to provide the Department with the necessary resources to assess, prevent, and punish terrorist acts that threaten America's domestic security while preserving our civil liberties. The committee has also worked to ensure that the Department's structure, management, and priorities are tailored to best fulfill its numerous other missions.  Over the last several months, the committee has conducted several hearings to identify the needs and priorities of the department. These hearings reflected the committee's continuing commitment to oversee all of the Department's activities. This bill reflects the information obtained in those hearings.  H.R. 3036 is divided into five titles. The first title authorizes the Department of Justice appropriations for fiscal years 2004 through 2006. With minor exceptions, these authorizations generally reflect the President's budget request.  Title II makes numerous improvement and upgrades to the Department's grant program. Most importantly, it combines the current Byrne formula grant, Byrne discretionary grant, and Local Law Enforcement Block Grant programs into one Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program with an authorization similar to the amount appropriated for all three programs in recent years and a formula that closely follows current law. The administration has requested this consolidation as a way of better serving State and local governments.  It reauthorizes the COPS program while recasting it as one single block grant program covering all of its current purposes so local governments will need only to file one COPS application for any of these purposes. I believe that this will greatly improve the efficiency of the COPS program.  Among other changes, title II provides for new auditing and training capacity for all DOJ grant programs to eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse. It provides the first statutory authorization for the Weed and Seed Program. It establishes a congressional medal and plaque for individuals in units that responded to the 9/11 attacks. And, finally, this reauthorizes the bulletproof vest program.  Title III makes a variety of miscellaneous changes to other aspects of the Department of Justice. It requires DOJ to use existing Federal facilities for training and conferences as opposed to paying for private facilities. It also establishes a dedicated privacy officer at the Department to ensure that the Department utilizes technologies that do not erode privacy protection relating to the use, collection and disclosure of personally identifiable information.  Modeled after the privacy officer this committee established in the Department of Homeland Security, this provision advances the committee's uncompromising commitment to the preservation of civil liberties at the Department.  Title IV establishes a new office within DOJ designed to assist in the capture of terrorists who harm Americans overseas.  Title V provides a statutory authorization to the already existing FBI Office of Counterintelligence.  I introduce this legislation with the support of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), and I have worked closely with him on it in every step of the way. Bipartisan cooperation was the hallmark of this legislation in the last Congress, and I am pleased that this spirit of bipartisanship continued in this Congress. We have also worked closely with the appropriators to meet their concerns.  H.R. 3036 provides the Department with the tools, resources and direction necessary to operate efficiently and effectively. By identifying solutions to the growing challenges faced by Federal law enforcement, this committee and Congress will be the strong partner the Department needs as we work for the safety and security of all Americans.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  