Speaker, I believe that this debate has fulfilled the majority leader's admonition that the debate be civil. There are strongly held positions on both sides of this question, and I think that both of them have been very well articulated during the course of this debate.  I firmly believe that this bill is not only constitutional but it is also wise and necessary to prevent court decisions from further tearing apart the fabric of our society.  Forty-two years after the Supreme Court decided Marbury v. Madison, the court in the case of Cary v. Curtis in 1845 upheld the regulation of the judicial power by the Congress, and I would like to quote from that decision: ``Dependent for its distribution and organization, and for the modes of its exercise, entirely upon the action of Congress. To deny this position would be to elevate the judicial over the legislative branch of the government, and to give to the Federal judiciary powers limited by its own discretion merely.''  This bill attempts to limit the power of the Federal judiciary to export the decision of a divided court in Massachusetts to the other 49 States which do not have laws granting marriage licenses to same-sex individuals.  The people who have been arguing against this bill, Mr. Speaker, seem to think that the State courts are second-class courts, but we believe that they are equally capable of deciding Federal constitutional questions. Nothing in H.R. 3313 denies the right of a same-sex couple married in Massachusetts to file a petition in State court to have that license and that marriage recognized within that State, and the State courts are perfectly capable of making that determination.  Somehow my colleague from Wisconsin says that this bill slams thedoor of the Federal courthouse to people who wish to exercise their constitutional rights. Well, I spent a lot of time in Madison as a law student and as a State legislator, and the current Federal courthouse is just a few blocks away from the Dane County Courthouse, and there are judges there that will have all the jurisdiction they need to adjudicate the claims that the gentlewoman from Wisconsin was talking about, and those judges I think are perfectly capable of adjudicating those claims, notwithstanding the lack of confidence on the part of some of the people who have been arguing against this bill.  The real issue is the issue of marriage, and marriage is the foundation upon which any civilized society has been based, long before the United States of America was established and the Constitution was ratified in 1789.  Marriage is under attack as a result of the 4 to 3 decision of the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts. This bill does not affect what Massachusetts does with that decision.  Under this bill, it will be the legislature and the voters and the judges in Massachusetts, should they change their mind, that will determine whether that 4 to 3 decision stands; but what this bill will do is to prevent the export of that Massachusetts decision to the other 49 States that do not allow marriage licenses to be issued to same-sex couples.  I sincerely doubt that when James Madison wrote the Constitution and when the legislatures of the 13 States at that time ratified the Constitution that they ever dreamed that the Federal judiciary would be used to have a decision that has been made in a single State become national policy.  The way we prevent that from becoming national policy is by passing this bill. I urge an ``aye'' vote.  