Speaker, I rise in opposition to the conference report. The House-passed bill not only reformed our intelligence community, it also secured our borders. Unfortunately, the conference has left us with an incomplete product that does not secure our border and, thus, makes us more vulnerable to another terrorist attack.  At the beginning of this process I said that the object of this legislation should be to prevent a future attack on the United States, not to manage the consequences of that attack. This bill does not do that. And the reason it does not do that is that while we will have better intelligence, good intelligence is useless without good homeland security.  The House bill followed the 9/11 Commission's common-sense recommendation that we have Federal standards for driver's licenses. The commission said, ``For terrorists, travel documents are as important as weapons.'' Despite many attempts to keep these weapons away from terrorists, the bill does not do the job.  In fact, the language in the conference report is worse than the current law, and it practically invites terrorists to come into our country and to apply for these critical identification documents. There is no enforcement or certification at the national level. There is no expiration of the licenses when the visas expire. There is no data-sharing between the States. And any State can simply walk away from the few requirements that are in the bill. That does not sound like driver's license reform to me. Rather it sounds like a recipe for disaster, the same kind of disaster that occurred on 9/11.  Remember that the 9/11 hijackers had multiple validly issued State driver's licenses among them, and that is how they got on the airplanes. That is what we were trying to stop by changing the provisions in the conference report, and I regret that we failed. But I can assure you that this issue is not going to go away.  We have also failed on asylum reform. Many terrorist aliens have applied for asylum and then have been released from detention to plot or commit their crimes. That must stop, and the provisions in the House bill would have done that, but they too were dropped.  Terrorists are getting asylum today for two main reasons. First, our government cannot even ask foreign governments what evidence they have about terrorist activities of asylum applicants. Thus, the U.S. Government must usually oppose asylum requests by arguing that the applicant is lying. The Ninth Circuit has effectively barred immigration judges from denying asylum claims on the basis of the credibility of witness statements. That is crazy, because every jury in the country judges the credibility of the witnesses in determining the guilt or innocence of the defendant. The House bill would have stopped that and removed that bar. The conference report does not.  In addition, the Ninth Circuit has been granting asylum to applicants because their home government believes they are terrorists. It then says, therefore they are being persecuted because of the political beliefs of the relevant terrorist organizations. That is goofy. The House stopped it, but the Senate would not go along; and the conference report fails to deal with this issue.  These provisions are not too controversial. They are not irrelevant. They are vital. And how could we face grieving families in the future and tell them that while we might have done more, the legislative hurdles were just too high? I, for one, cannot, and, therefore, oppose the bill.  I have heard from many citizens from my district and across the country who understand and want these provisions, and I thank them for their support. I want to say to them, and to everyone else that is listening, I will not restuntil these provisions are enacted into law. I will bring them up relentlessly until this job is completed. The bill was a chance to complete the job, and that chance was missed; but it will come again soon.  Finally, I would like to pay tribute to two of my fellow conferees, the gentlemen from California (Mr. Hunter) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier). The chairman of the Committee on Armed Services, the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), I think did yeoman's work in cleaning up the problems with the chain of command in order to protect our warfighters in the field and reduce casualties, and the bill is an improvement over what was passed by the other body on this. But that only applies to safety of troops overseas. It does not deal with the issue of safety of Americans at home.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), and the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier) in particular, were instrumental in trying to support the driver's license and asylum reform provisions as well as plugging the hole in the fence that needs to be plugged to prevent aliens from streaming across the border. We ought to vote this down and start over next year.  