Chairman, I rise in opposition to the preferential motion.  Mr. Chairman, we have been debating this matter in the Committee of the Whole and before that when the rule was adopted for almost 5 hours. It has become crystal clear that the entire thrust of this debate is whether a reconstituted House of Representatives following a disaster will be comprised of elected Members or temporary appointments, appointed by somebody, maybe the Governor, maybe the legislature, maybe we ourselves before our demise.  The issue of maintaining the people's House I think is the paramount consideration we ought to be giving on this issue. But even if Members agree we should amend the Constitution to have temporary appointments, I think everybody ought to agree we ought to have special elections as quickly as possible so that those who come to replace us will arrive with a mandate from the people of our district.  So whether or not Members favor a temporary appointment method, which I do not, or Members favor keeping the House being solely elected, Members ought to vote for this bill because it does allow for the filling of vacancies when 100 or more seats are vacant as quickly as possible. That is the issue we have before us today, and it is an issue which I believe is of paramount importance because, should this Nation be in crisis as a result of a huge number of Members in the House of Representatives being killed in a terrorist attack, the sooner we put the people back in charge with representatives elected by the people I think should be the paramount issue.  Now, the final point I would like to make is, yes, my committee will mark up and send out to the floor the Baird constitutional amendment at our next markup, and I hope that the leadership would schedule that as quickly as possible. I for one will vigorously oppose it because I believe the principle of an elected House of Representatives is one that should prevail over everything.  The final point I would like Members to consider is if we end up having an appointed House of Representatives even temporarily and an appointed Senate and an appointed President, where do the people rule? They do not rule in any of the three branches that make laws and appropriate the public's money; that is all done by appointed positions. And that is why I believe it is important to maintain the elected nature of this House of Representatives even in the case where a catastrophe occurs. I would urge rejection of the preferential motion and urge passage of the bill.  