Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to vote for S. 2363, a bill to revise and extend the authorization of appropriations for the Boys and Girls Clubs of America. Both the Senate Committee on the Judiciary and the full Senate passed this bill without amendment by unanimous consent. Following Senate action, the bill was referred to the House Committee on the Judiciary where the bill was reported favorably by voice vote without amendment.  The Boys and Girls Clubs of America had its first beginnings almost 150 years ago. The first club was organized in 1860 by a group of women who believed disadvantaged boys should have access to a positive, structured environment outside of school. By 1906, several boys clubs had joined together and formed the Federated Boys Club in Boston. In 1956, the Boys Clubs of America received a congressional charter and celebrated its 50th anniversary.  Recognizing that girls are also a vital part of the Clubs' membership, the name was changed to the Boys and Girls Clubs of America in 1990.  The Boys and Girls Clubs of America continue to provide a positive learning environment for children throughout this country. The Clubs have numerous nationally recognized programs that address issues pertinent to today's youth. More than 25 programs are available to youngsters on topics including education, leadership development, the arts and substance-abuse prevention. Of the several million children that benefit from the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, a large majority live in our inner cities and urban areas. These programs are essential to providing resources and nourishing skills necessary for young people to become successful, productive adults.  The Economic Espionage Act of 1996 established a program to provide Department of Justice grant support for starting new Boys and Girls Clubs in distressed areas. The current version of the law calls for the establishment of 1,200 new clubs by the end of 2005. S. 2363 will increase that number by 300 to a total of 1,500. Current law also calls for a goal of 4,000 total clubs by January 1, 2007. S. 2363 increases that goal to at least 5,000 such facilities in operation by January 1, 2010.  Additionally, the bill extends through fiscal year 2010 the authority of the director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance of the Department of Justice to make grants to the organization to establish such facilities. It authorizes appropriations of $80 million for fiscal year 2006 and increasing each year by increments of $5 million, reaching $100 million in fiscal year 2010.  In an effort to further the positive mission of the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  