Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the majority leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this bill to the floor. It is a very important bill, and it is a very timely bill.  This bill has passed the House twice in two different Congresses. It is a bill that desperately needs to become law, because, Mr. Speaker, Laci Peterson had a son. He was never born, he never spoke a word or took his first steps, but he was real. Whoever killed Laci Peterson also killed her son, and to deny that is to deny truth. That unborn victims of violence are separate victims of violence is not a matter of interpretation, it is a matter of plain fact. A child could tell you that a man who kills a pregnant woman and her unborn child takes two lives.  Unborn victims of violence feel their own pain, suffer their own wounds and die their own excruciating deaths, and with this legislation before us, we have the opportunity to say so. We have the opportunity to say that in this Nationunborn children targeted by violent men are guaranteed justice under the law, just as their murderers are guaranteed justice under the law.  The Unborn Victims of Violence Act is a matter of common sense and common decency. It should and will pass this body by an overwhelming, bipartisan majority, and make right in the law what is now blatantly and indefensibly wrong.  Mr. Speaker, I do not question the motives of those who plan to vote no. But to those who oppose this bill and support the substitute, support increased penalties for attacks against pregnant women without acknowledging the second victim of such attacks, I do ask this: Why? Why are the attacks against pregnant women like Laci Peterson so egregious? Why should they merit harsher penalties? Why do all people in all cultures, naturally, instinctively, recoil at such attacks? It is the vulnerability of the pregnant mother, to be sure, but it is also the innocence and the very being of the unborn child.  Civilized society has an obligation to punish injustice, no matter the size, strength or political inconvenience of its victim. Laci Peterson's son may have been robbed from this world before he ever touched it, but, Mr. Speaker, he was here. Today he may be looking down on us from the nurseries of Heaven, protected for eternity by the God who knit him together in the womb, nestled in the loving embrace of the mother who gave him his name, but before Conner Peterson was taken, Mr. Speaker, he was here.  Conner Peterson was here. Vote yes, and have the courage to say so.  Ms. McCARTHY of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Lofgren substitute to the Unborn Victims of Violence Act (H.R. 1997), legislation to create a second Federal offense for harm to a pregnant woman without creating the second legal ``person.'' The Lofgren substitute accomplishes the stated goals of the Unborn Victims of Violence Act, the deterrence and punishment of violent acts against pregnant women. By allowing for a second Federal offense against a pregnant woman, perpetrators of violence will be punished to the full extent of the law and their crimes. H.R. 1997, without the Lofgren substitute, will do nothing to prevent violence against women and further undermines their reproductive freedom. Recognizing the fetus as a second legal ``person'' would be the equivalent of rolling back a well recognized right that was established over 30 years ago. The Lofgren substitute would preserve that right. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Lofgren substitute.  