Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, recently American sprinter Kelli White admitted to the United States Anti-Doping Agency that she had been taking banned steroids. European 100 meters champion Dwain Chambers and four other U.S. athletes also recently tested positive for steroid use. Steroid use in professional baseball is well-known. The fact is that steroids are abused in professional sports more often than many would like to admit, and we face statistics showing an alarming number of children in middle school and high school have tried steroids.  By simply reading the newspapers, one gets the feeling that steroid abuse is an epidemic. We must ask ourselves what kind of example is being set for our children when our best athletes feel it is necessary to pollute their bodies with these chemicals and risk their health to compete in sports. Today, we are here to say enough is enough by making it harder to traffic in steroids and making sure there are tough penalties for those who do.  Studies show that steroid use may include some very serious consequences such as liver disorders, heart attack and stroke. Additionally, many long-term users face psychiatric effects such as rage, mania or delusions. When used by adolescents, steroid use may result in premature growth cessation or rupturing of tendons.  In addition to facing the health consequences of taking steroids, Ms. White, Dwain Chambers and other athletes are facing the consequences of their actions professionally. All will be banned from competition for 2 years. Ms. White had to relinquish the medal she received in the 2003 world championships. Hopefully, the message our children receive from these high-profile cases is that our society will not tolerate this type of cheating in professional or Olympic sports. We should admire the athletes who achieve greatness through hard work and their own God-given abilities and hard work.  The Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 2004 will help to drive home this message. This legislation adds steroid precursors, substances which become steroids in the body, to the list of controlled substances, meaning they will no longer be available unless prescribed by a physician for a legitimate medical purpose. It also increases the penalties for anyone caught trafficking in steroids near a sports facility.  The goal here is clear. We do not want these substances around our gyms, baseball stadiums, football fields or our running tracks. We do not want our athletes to risk their health to win. We want our athletes to be examples of healthy individuals. We want the way our American athletes treat their bodies to be a source of pride for our country, not a source of shame. We want our children to be able to look up to them for their accomplishments.  I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  