Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to respond to the complaints about the process in the Committee on the Judiciary. It is true there were no hearings on the amendment of the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Baird) during this Congress. There was a hearing in the last Congress. There was not very much support for the notion of appointing replacement Members of the House of Representatives.  The gentleman from Washington (Mr. Baird) introduced House Joint Resolution 83. Until the day it was reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, it had no co-sponsors at all. Then there were two people who added their names to the joint resolution, including the gentleman from New York. There wasone amendment that was offered during the committee markup when the resolution was open for amendment at any point, and it was subsequently withdrawn.  When the Committee on Rules had its hearing last night, none of my Democratic friends offered any amendments for the Committee on Rules to consider. The gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) did offer an amendment.  I would point out that on November 15, 1983, when the Democrats were controlling the House, the House considered the Equal Rights Amendment, a very important constitutional amendment under suspension of the rules where there was only 40 minutes of debate and no amendments were offered. Two-thirds vote was required under suspension, as it is for constitutional amendments; and it was voted down.  But anybody who complains about this process where there is 90 minutes of debate, no amendments because it is a closed rule and, except for the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), nobody offering any amendments, I think really ignores how the ERA was considered 21 years ago.  Now, finally the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Baird) filed a discharge petition. He wanted to bring the bill up out of the regular order, without any hearings, and without any committee consideration. What I did is there was a full markup at the committee where the amendment was open for amendment at any point. There was a vote in the committee. And the majority of the committee reported it out adversely.  So I think that anybody who says we need more hearings should not have been on that discharge petition.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Forbes), a member of the committee.  