Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I want to quote from the 9/11 Commission staff report entitled 9/11 and Terrorist Travel. The staff found that a number of terrorists have abused the asylum system and that once terrorists have entered the United States, their next challenge was to find a way to remain here. The primary method was immigration fraud, concocting bogus political asylum stories when they arrive.  This amendment strikes a good-faith effort to try to prevent these people from gaming the system.  The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, which deals with the border States of Arizona and California, has made it difficult for immigration judges to deny fraudulent asylum application by terrorists and simply by scam artists. In their recent decisions, the 9th Circuit has failed to give deference to the adverse credibility determination of immigration judges in asylum cases, and as a result, many fraudulent applications have been approved.  The role of an appeals court is not to make a judgment on the credibility of the witnesses. That is done by the trial court. And here the immigration judges have determined that some of these applicants have no credibility, and yet the 9th Circuit says their determination really does not mean anything.  Even worse, the 9th Circuit has created a disturbing precedent that has made it easier for suspected terrorists to receive asylum. The Circuit has held that punishment inflicted on account of perceived membership in a terrorist group may constitute persecution on account of the political opinion of that terrorist group. Aliens who have been arrested in the United States on suspicion of being members of terrorist organizations have received asylum because of alleged fear of persecution if returned because of an affiliation with these groups. Talk about circular reasoning.  A member of the Board of Immigration Appeals complains that if a terrorist organization arose in this country aimed at the violent overthrow of the Federal Government through a program of murder of government and law enforcement officials and federal judges, it would appear that government suppression of this organization would be an act of persecution in the 9th Circuit. Being a guerilla is not a form of political opinion. Being a guerrilla means being engaged in acts of violence and illegality.  All the bill does is overturn the precedent of the 9th Circuit and provide a list of factors that an immigration judge can consider in assessing the credibility of the applicant, such as the demeanor, candor, and consistency of the witness.  What the gentleman from New Jersey is proposing to do is to say that if the witness has bad demeanor, no candor, and no consistency, they have got to grant the petition for asylum. And that is wrong and the amendment should be defeated.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  