Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, recently President Bush said, ``We must protect small business owners and workers from the explosion of frivolous lawsuits that threaten jobs across America.'' Even Senator Kerry claims to support national legislation in which ``lawyers who file frivolous cases would face tough, mandatory sanctions, including a `three strikes and you're out' provision that forbids lawyers who file three frivolous cases from bringing another suit for the next 10 years.'' Well, help is on the way.  H.R. 4571, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act, would restore mandatory sanctions and monetary penalties under Federal rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for filing frivolous lawsuits and abusing the litigation process. It would also extend these same protections to cover State cases that a State judge determines to have interstate effects, and it would prevent forum shopping by requiring personal injury cases to be brought only where the plaintiff lives or was allegedly injured, or where the defendant's principal place of business is located.  H.R. 4571 will also apply a ``three strikes and you're out'' rule to attorneys who commit multiple rule 11 violations in Federal district court and impose mandatory civil sanctions for willful and intentional document destruction intended to obstruct the pending court proceeding. The bill would apply to lawsuits brought by individuals as well as businesses, and it expressly precludes the application of the bill to civil rights cases if applying the bill to such cases would bar or impede the assertion or development of new claims or remedies under Federal, State, or local civil rights law.  Today, frivolous lawsuits are legalized extortion. Without the threat of certain punishment for filing frivolous lawsuits, innocent people and small businesses will continue to face the harsh economic reality that simply paying off frivolous claims through monetary settlements is always cheaper than litigating the case until no fault is found.  No part of American society rests easy in a legal culture of fear. Churches are discouraging counseling by ministers. Children have learned to threaten teachers with lawsuits. Youth sports are shutting down in the face of lawsuits for injury or even hurt feelings. Monkey bars and other once-common equipment are now endangered species at playgrounds. As a result, children stay at home and get fat, and their parents sue the restaurants that serve them. The Girl Scouts in metro Detroit alone have to sell 36,000 boxes of cookies each year just to pay for liability insurance, 36,000 boxes of cookies.  Good Samaritans are told to hit the road. When one man routinely cleared a trail after snowstorms, the county had to ask him to stop. The supervisor of district operations wrote, ``If a person falls, you are more liable than if you had never plowed at all. Crazy world. Unfortunately, the times we are in allow for a much more litigious environment than common sense would dictate.''  Because existing rules against frivolous lawsuits are ineffective, the right to sue has not only been exploited by lawyers; it has been turned into one of the most destructive business models in the American economy. Today, personal injury lawyers can gamble on taking cases on a contingency-fee basis because they only need to win one in 10 to score the big judgment that would make up for the losses in other cases. We all live with the consequences, including higher taxes and insurance rates; chaos in our schools; doctors going out of business, limiting Americans' access to health care.  Small businesses and workers may suffer the most. The Nation's oldest ladder manufacturer, the family-owned John S. Tilley Ladders Company near Albany, New York, recently filed for bankruptcy protection and sold off most of its assets due to litigation costs. Founded in 1855, the Tilley firm could not handle the cost of liability insurance, which had risen from 6 percent of sales a decade ago to 29 percent, even though the company had never lost an actual court judgment.  Sadly, the Federal rule designed to deter frivolous lawsuits was gutted over 10 years ago; and today, we live with the results. Shockingly, rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure does not require sanctions or even allow monetary penalties against parties who bring frivolous lawsuits. Without certain punishment for those who bring frivolous lawsuits, and the threat of monetary penalties to compensate the victims of frivolous lawsuits, there is little incentive for lawsuit victims to spend time and money seeking sanctions for lawsuit abuse.  Rule 11 also does not allow sanctions for the abuses of the discovery process. Rule 11 as currently written even allows lawyers to avoid sanctions entirely from making frivolous claims by withdrawing them within 3 weeks. Such a rule actually encourages frivolous lawsuits because personal injury attorneys can file harassing pleadings, secure in the knowledge that they have nothing to lose. If someone objects, they can simply retreat without penalty. H.R. 4571 closes all of these loopholes.  Forum shopping further encourages frivolous litigation. Lax rules regarding where a lawsuit can be brought have turned certain parts of the country into lawsuit factories, the only factories that lose jobs rather than creating them. One of the Nation's wealthiest personal injury attorneys described what he calls ``magic jurisdictions'' as follows: ``What I call the `magic jurisdiction' is where the judiciary is elected with verdict money. The trial lawyers have established relationships with the judges that are elected. It's almost impossible to get a fair trial if you're a defendant in some of these places. Any lawyer fresh out of law school can walk in there and win the case, so it doesn't matter what the evidence or law is.'' H.R. 4571 would prevent the unfair practice of forum shopping that currently allows personal injury lawyers to sue wherever the most favorable court is.  Congress cannot sit back and allow the personal injury lawyers to bankrupt the very concept of personal responsibility that has made America great. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation that will protect both America's values and its vital small businesses.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  