Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment was defeated in committee, and it should be defeated here today because it guts the bill.  First, nothing in H.R. 2028 would allow State courts to deviate from Supreme Court precedent prohibiting the coerced recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance. Even when Federal courts are denied jurisdiction to hear certain classes of cases, and those classes of cases are thereby reserved to the State courts, the previously existing Supreme Court precedents still govern State court determinations. This is required by the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution; and in West Virginia Board of Education v. Barnette, the Supreme Court held it is unconstitutional to require individuals to salute the flag.  In that case, the Supreme Court held, ``If there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein.'' Under H.R. 2028 as written, that decision will preclude State courts from allowing coerced recitations of the Pledge.  State courts are not second-class courts, and they are equally capable of deciding Federal constitutional questions. The Supreme Court has clearly rejected claims that State courts are less competent to decide Federal constitutional issues than Federal courts. Even Justice William Brennan wrote in Northern Pipeline Construction Company v. Marathon Pipe Line Company that ``virtually all matters that might be heard in article III courts could also be left by Congress to State courts.'' Justice Brennan was joined in that decision by Justices Marshall, Blackmun, and Stevens.  Now what, then, could be the harm of adopting this amendment? Plenty. If we carve out an exception for cases in which coercion, for example, is involved, we will open the flood gates to expansive interpretations by the Federal courts that will gut the purpose of the bill. Carving out a coercion exemption will invite the Federal courts, including the very liberal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, to hold that excessive coercion exists to pressure a student to recite the Pledge simply when a majority of school children choose to recite it, but one or a few students do not want to. The inevitable claim will be that in the school environment, there is no such thing as free will whenever the majority of students are reciting the Pledge, because those that do not want to recite it will feel pressured to recite it simply because other students are reciting it. Yet again, the courts will strike a blow to the concept of free will and the concept of personal responsibility if we let them. The amendment should be defeated.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  