Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) is very right in saying that there were extensive negotiations relative to the so-called Hatch-Schumer abortion protestors' amendment during the conference in the last Congress. Those negotiations lasted the better part of a year. There were both public and private meetings with the principals involved.  At the end of the process, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) and the Senator from New York, Mr. Schumer, reached an agreement on compromise language that was put into the conference report on H.R. 333, which was the bankruptcy bill in the last Congress.  The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) lived up to his word. He supported the rule that made that conference report in order. Unfortunately, that rule was rejected on November 14, 2002, by a roll call vote of 172 ``yes'' to 243 ``no.'' I notice my friend from Michigan was one of the 243 that voted ``no.'' If he wanted to get that language enacted into law, he could have supported bringing up the conference report on H.R. 333. For whatever reason, he chose not to do so.  But to answer the arguments that he made on the merits, it is that fines and forfeitures from offenses, both criminal and civil, have never been dischargeable in bankruptcy, irrespective of the offense that gave rise to the fine and forfeiture being imposed. So to say that the omission of language relating to abortion clinic protestors is a way of shielding criminal activity is a complete red herring. Fines and forfeitures that are imposed on abortion clinic protestors in a court of law are not dischargeable in bankruptcy today under the existing law nor, should this bill be enacted, under the provisions of this bill.  Now, having said that, I feel very strongly that abortion really should not become an issue in the debate on a bankruptcy bill. The position of this House has always been that abortion is not a part of the bankruptcy debate. There is a time and place to debate issues relating to abortion, but this is not it.  The other body has always disagreed. At some times in the last Congress we had a provision in the conference report that did reach a compromise on this issue. The House refused to consider it. There are other times when the conference in previous Congresses omitted the Schumer language that was passed by the Senate, and the conference report was passed by the Senate by a vote of 70-to-28 on December 7,2000. That bill would have become law without the abortion clinic protestor language, except that President Clinton pocket-vetoed the bill.  So I just do not like to see the entire issue of abortion being mixed into it. But I think that the arguments that are made that the omission of the Hyde-Schumer language is an issue of bad faith is a complete red herring. We were not able to pass the bill with it in; we were able to pass it without it.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Smith).  