Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, today I rise in favor of House Resolution 56. On February 19, 1942, President Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066. Shortly afterwards, citizens of Japanese ancestry residing in the United States were prohibited from living, working or traveling on the West Coast of the United States. Executive Order 9066 ultimately led to the detention of 120,000 Japanese Americans and residents, most of whom did not see freedom until the closing days of World War II. Executive Order 9066 also resulted in restrictions upon the civil liberties of Italian and German Americans residing in the United States, including government-imposed curfews, detentions, prohibitions on items considered to be contraband by military authorities, and seizures of personal property.  President Ford formally rescinded Executive Order 9066 in 1976. In his proclamation repealing this executive order, President Ford said:  ``I call upon the American people to affirm with me this American promise, that we have learned from the tragedy of that long-ago experience forever to treasure liberty and justice for each individual American, and resolve that this kind of action shall never again be repeated.''  Twelve years later, President Reagan signed the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 to formally acknowledge and apologize for ``fundamental violations of the basic civil liberties and constitutional rights of individuals of Japanese ancestry.'' When signing the legislation, President Reagan said:  ``Here we admit a wrong. Here we affirm our commitment as a Nation to equal justice under the law.''  In the year 2000, President Clinton signed the Wartime Violation of Italian Americans Civil Liberties Act, which formally acknowledged civil liberties violations against Italian Americans committed during World War II. In November of 2001, the Committee on the Judiciary received a comprehensive report prepared by the Department of Justice detailing civil liberties violations committed against persons of Italian American ancestry during this period.  The Japanese American community presently recognizes a National Day of Remembrance on February 19 of each year to educate the public about the internment. House Resolution 56 reaffirms the importance of this day. The resolution also supports the goals of the Japanese American, German American and Italian American communities in recognizing a National Day of Remembrance to increase public awareness of the events surrounding this difficult period of our Nation's history.  I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  