Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I do not think that Chapter 12 is controversial. It is also not utilized very much in bankruptcy filings. The statistical report of the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, for example, show that in the fiscal year that ended last September 30, there were only 19 Chapter 12 filings for the entire State of Wisconsin. So we are dealing with 19 family farmers, which is important, but there are still thousands of family farmers in my State and elsewhere that end up having to pay this $400 per household hidden tax and higher cost of goods and services and higher interest on the money that they have to borrow because of the abuses of the bankruptcy system that my amendment seeks to plug.  Now, the major reform of all of those that we have talked about in the bankruptcy bill, that this House has voted to approve eight times in various forms and motions, is that someone who is able to repay all or part of their debts through future earning cannot get a Chapter 7 liquidation and have all those debts discharged.  So this so-called ``means test'' means that someone who is really down and out and does not have the prospect of future earnings being able to repay a significant part of their debts, my bill does not impact on what their legal options are. They will still be able to file for Chapter 7, get a discharge, and be able to try to put their lives together and start anew. But somebody who does have the potential of future earnings, and, yes, a lot of these people use the bankruptcy system as a financial planning tool, my bill will allow a court to order a repayment of all or part of those debts.  Remember, every penny that is recovered this way is one less penny that has to be passed on to the 98 percent of the people of this country who pay their bills on time or as agreed to. The abuses of the bankruptcy system amount to about a $40 billion cost shift from people who do not pay their bills to people who do pay their bills.  I ask the Members to vote down the Baldwin amendment to give us another shot at getting a conference report passed and on the President's desk, because that is the vote in the interest of saving as much money as possible for the people who do pay their bills rather than allowing continued abuses of the bankruptcy system.  Vote ``no'' on the Baldwin amendment, pass the underlying bill, the substitute amendment, as authorized by the Committee on Rules.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  