Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the Judicial Conference of the United States reviews the judgeship needs of United States courts every 2 years to determine if any of the courts need additional judges. The Conference completed its last review in March of 2003, and then submitted its recommendations to the House and Senate Committees on the Judiciary. I am pleased that the bill as reported by the Committee mirrors that recommendation. Thus, these are judgeships being created based upon demonstrated need and not upon politics.  The Judicial Conference bases its recommendations on a variety of factors that indicate the needs of various courts. Most importantly, it sets a benchmark caseload standard for considering judgeship requests at 430 weighted cases for individual judges on the district courts and 500 adjusted case filings for the three-judge panels on the courts of appeal. Aside from the numbers, it also considers additional criteria, including senior judge and magistrate judge assistance, geographical factors, unusual caseload complexity, and temporary caseload increases or decreases.  Based on these criteria, the Conference's current proposal recommends that Congress establish 11 new judgeships in four courts of appeal and 46 new judgeships in 24 district courts. The Conference also recommends that five temporary district court judgeships created in 1990 be established as permanent positions. Many of these needs have existed for many years.  The other body passed Senate 878 on May 22, 2003. The Senate bill created 12 permanent district judgeships, two temporary district judgeships, and a number of bankruptcy judgeships. This version of S. 878 also converted two temporary district judgeships to permanent status.  During our September 9 markup on the legislation, the Committee on the Judiciary revised the bill in two major ways.  First, we added all the circuit and district judgeships recommended by the U.S. Judicial Conference that were not included in the Senate bill. This brings the total number of new judgeships in the bill to 58, 11 circuit court seats and 47 district court seats. In addition, four other temporary district judgeships are converted to permanent judgeships.  The Subcommittee on Courts, the Internet, and Intellectual Property conducted an oversight hearing on Federal judgeship needs last year, and we are satisfied as a committee that the submissions developed by the Judicial Conference are meritorious. I emphasize that all the judgeships in the bill before the House could more than satisfy the threshold requirements developed by the Judicial Conference.  Second, all of the bankruptcy judgeships set forth in S. 878 as passed by the other body were stricken. These will be dealt with in the context of the bankruptcy reform legislation which the House has passed and which is currently pending before the other body.  Mr. Speaker, whatever our occasional differences with the third branch, it is our responsibility to ensure that our Federal courts have the resources necessary to allow citizens to seek legal redress in civil disputes and to permit the prosecution of criminal offenses when appropriate. This is a basic function of government.  I urge the Members to support the underlying text of S. 878, as well as the amendment that I will shortly offer to ensure that this bill does not run afoul of the Budget Act, based on the CBO score that accompanies this bill.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  