Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise in support of this resolution recognizing Flag Day, which is celebrated each year on this day, June 14.  The American flag is the symbol of hope, freedom, and unity. The flag symbolizes the resolve of our country and demonstrates our ability to overcome adversity. As we encounter new challenges, we are reminded of the men and women who have fought to defend and preserve the values that the flag represents. These men and women serve as a testament to our great Nation. They made their sacrifice because of their belief in our country and the values we hold so dear. There is no greater symbol of that sacrifice than the American flag.  Flag Day originated in 1885 with a school teacher named Bernard John Cigrand in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin. Cigrand, inspired by love for his adopted country, placed a 38-star flag in the inkwell of his classroom and instructed his students at Stony Hill School to write essays on what the flag meant to them. Cigrand's enthusiasm for the flag sparked the interest of his students, but it did not stop there. Cigrand also spent numerous hours writing to magazines and newspapers emphasizing the good that would come out of a holiday celebrating the flag. Without his hard work and dedication, Flag Day would not exist. For his efforts, Cigrand was cited by President Bush in his 2001 Flag Day proclamation as one of the first to push for a national celebration for the flag.  Although it began in a small, one-room schoolhouse in Wisconsin, Flag Day gained popularity in 1889 when George Balch, a schoolteacher in New York City, organized activities celebrating the American flag. It was later adopted by the State Board of Education in New York. The Flag Day celebrations expanded to Philadelphia where it was celebrated by the Betsy Ross House in 1891. The following year, the New York Society of Sons celebrated Flag Day.  Although pockets of the country celebrated Flag Day, it did not become an official holiday until 1916 when it was officially established by the proclamation of President Woodrow Wilson. Even though Flag Day was celebrated nationally after this proclamation, it was not until August 3, 1949, that President Truman signed an act of Congress which officially designated June 14 as National Flag Day.  One of the many important events honoring the American flag occurs each year right where Flag Day began. People from all over Wisconsin turn out to raise their flags and celebrate this day. Individuals line the streets in Waubeka to watch parades that feature marching and dancing bands. Different versions of the flag are on display, including a 30-star flag which symbolizes the addition of Wisconsin to the Union. There is no other place in the country where people more enthusiastically celebrate the American flag than Waubeka, Wisconsin.  Today, as people across the country raise their American flags to celebrate the resolve of our great Nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating National Flag Day and recognizing Ozaukee County, Wisconsin, as the birth of Flag Day.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  