Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 389, a resolution honoring the young victims of the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church bombing, recognizing the historical significance of the tragic event, and commending the efforts of law enforcement personnel to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice on the occasion of its 40th anniversary. This resolution expresses the sense of the House and of all its Members that the bombing brought shame and sadness to the American community.  As we all know, our country has had a difficult history in the struggle to end racial discrimination. Nevertheless, there are some events in our history that are so awful that we must never forget them, even after the racial situation has vastly improved.  We are here today on one of these occasions. On Sunday, September 15, 1963, four little girls, Denise McNair, Cynthia Wesley, Carole Robertson and Addie Mae Collins, went to Sunday School to worship and were senselessly murdered by those who practice hate and bigotry.  In 1977, 14 years after the crime, Robert Edward Chambliss, one of the four suspects, was convicted of murder. In 1994, 31 years after the crime, another of the suspects, Herman Frank Cash, died before he could be prosecuted. In 2001, 39 years after the crime, Thomas Blanton, Jr., was convicted of murder, and in 2002, the last of the suspects, Bobby Frank Cherry, was also convicted of murder.  The law enforcement community deserves to be commended for this 39-year-long investigation that brought justice to the families and friends of Denise, Cynthia, Carole and Addie Mae.  The Sixteenth Street Church bombing did lead to the passage of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. As we remember that tragic bombing, let us also work to meet the goals of the Civil Rights Act so that the deaths of those four girls are not in vain.  I would like to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Davis) and the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Bachus) for introducing this resolution. I ask for Members' support in passing it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  