Chairman, I reluctantly oppose this bill. I do so for two reasons. I believe that the bill spends too much money, and it contains too much pork. Many highway projects are good uses of the public's money, but many are not. I think this bill has too many of the latter. We are never going to balance the budget if we do not rein in wasteful spending, and today is a good place to start.  Second, I do not believe that the jurisdictional concerns of the Committee on the Judiciary have been fully addressed. Numerous provisions of the bill fall within our jurisdiction. We requested a sequential referral of the bill, which we received, but it did not provide sufficient time for a markup. I appreciate the many conflicting pressures that leadership faces, and I do not criticize them for that decision.  We have also worked with the Transportation Committee to try to resolve our concerns, but we have not yet been successful in fully doing so. For example, only yesterday I have learned of a provision tucked away in the bill that I understand would extinguish a particular pending federal False Claims Act lawsuit brought by the Department of Justice. I am very concerned about the ramifications of this kind of legislation. I will certainly be seeking conferees as to that provision and seeking its removal from the bill.  Among my other concerns is that the bill as currently drafted would give the Secretary of Transportation some independent litigating authority with respect to certain hazardous materials actions. It is the longstanding position of the both the Department of Justice and the Committee on the Judiciary that litigation authority for the federal government should remain unified in the Department of Justice. We cannot yield on that point. Chairman Young has partially resolved that problem in the manager's amendment, and I look forward to continuing to work with him to fully resolve that issue.  I also appreciate his willingness to include language I requested to clarify that Congress has the right to alter, amend, or repeal certain interstate compacts that are authorized in the bill.  I remain concerned about a new grant program included in the bill that deals with racial profiling. I am hopeful that we will be able to work together in conference to improve that provision.  There is also new material in the manager's amendment that falls within our jurisdiction which we have not yet had time to thoroughly study, so we will be looking at those sections.  Finally, I will request that Members of the Judiciary Committee be appointed as conferees on all sections of the bill that fall within our jurisdiction, and I will continue to work cooperatively as we go forward to work out these concerns.  But, for the reasons I have stated, I must reluctantly oppose the bill at this point.  