Speaker, I yield myself 6 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader for calling up this bill which is appropriately named in tribute to our colleague, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), who will retire at the end of this year after having served the citizens of Louisiana for more than a quarter century.  This bill is a product of a remarkable collaborative effort that has involved members of the Committee on the Judiciary and Committee on Energy and Commerce. I would like to especially thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton) for his excellent cooperation through this entire process.  The manager's amendment to the bill, which the Committee on the Judiciary approved unanimously on July 7, 2004, incorporates H.R. 4501 which was the Committee on Energy and Commerce version of the bill reported on July 22.  The manager's amendment incorporates important refinements to both the copyright and communications acts. These provisions are designed to extend for an additional 5 years the license that permits satellite TV companies such as DirecTV and EchoStar to retransmit to their subscribers TV programming shown on distant network stations and superstations. The extension will ensure that Americans who live in rural areas where they have trouble receiving signals from the regular broadcast stations will continue to have access to network TV programming.  Significantly, this bill does not simply preserve the status quo for the statutory period. Instead, the bill changes both the copyright and communications acts to ensure, first, that consumers will have greater choice in programming; second, that satellite providers will have greater freedom to deliver the content consumers desire; third, that free, over-the-air local broadcasters will have the opportunity to serve needs that are specific to their communities; and, fourth, the copyright owners will enjoy the first compulsory royalty fee adjustment in nearly 5 years.  The amendments have been carefully negotiated and crafted. They have benefited from an open process which has involved at least four committee hearings, the introduction and mark-up of two committee-reported bills to the House, and a willingness to consider numerous refinements to achieve the right policy and to gain consensus.  As a result, the bill is supported by numerous organizations including theNational Association of Broadcasters, numerous local broadcast stations, and the Capital Broadcasting Company. In addition, the royalty provision contained in the judiciary title has been specifically endorsed by effective stakeholders. This is a culmination of a painstaking effort under the leadership of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith) and the ranking member, the gentleman from California (Mr. Berman), who encouraged affected parties to negotiate a voluntary agreement.  As a result, the section 119 rate provisions contained in the manager's amendment are now supported by the two largest DBS providers, DirecTV and EchoStar; their trade association, the Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association, and major copyright owners including the Motion Picture Association and the Office of the Commission of Baseball. Together those entities represent the copyright owners who receive the overwhelming majority of copyright royalties paid under the license and the satellite carriers who make the vast majority of such payments.  In return for extending the license to satellite companies, the bill does require the beneficiaries to accept certain reporting requirements. These requirements are designed to protect the legitimate interests of copyright owners and free over-the-air broadcasters.  I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the contributions of the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith). We could not have reached this point without his steady work. I also want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton) for all his help and support during the process. Thanks also go to other key players, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Upton), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the gentleman from California (Mr. Berman), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), all of whom have made significant contributions to this effort. I appreciate all their efforts.  I am pleased that we have been able to work together in developing this joint bill, and I look forward to building on this success next year. The bill promotes the interests of consumers, satellite providers, broadcasters, and copyright owners. It is a balanced bill and deserves the support of this House.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  