Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment will do exactly the opposite of what the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Lampson) says it will do, because what the amendment says is that it tells parents that if they are not responsible, they can become millionaires. The amendments exploit children and it discourages parents from exercising parentalresponsibility at all times. It is the parents that buy the Happy Meals. It is the parents that take their kids to the fast food chain. And few kids under 8 either have their own money to buy the Happy Meals or can make it to the fast food outlet without their parents taking them down there.  So if this amendment is adopted and little Johnnie or little Mary become big Johnnie and real big Mary before the age of 8, then their parents can sue and hopefully break the bank, according to what their lawyers tell them.  The Los Angeles Times says this is wrong. And one of their editorials they said, in part, ``If kids are chowing down to excess on junk food, though, aren't their parents responsible for cracking down?''  The gentleman from Texas' (Mr. Lampson) amendment says, no, they are not. And as a matter of fact, we will give those parents the opportunity of monetary enrichment if they buy their kids far too many happy meals and do not just say no when Johnnie and Mary pull on their parents' shirt tails and say, let us go down to McDonalds or the Burger King or one of these other fast food outlets.  Now, even the best obesity doctors realize this amendment is another sad assault on the concept of parental responsibility. Dr. Jana Clauer, a fellow at the New York City Obesity Research Center of St. Luke's Roosevelt Hospital has said, ``I just wonder where were the parents when the kids were having those McDonalds breakfasts every morning. Were they incapable of pouring a bowl of cereal and some milk?''  Well, this amendment tells those parents that if they do not pour that bowl of cereal and put some milk on the top of it and ruin their kids health as a result, if those kids are under 8 they can go off to court because it was not their fault. Vote this amendment down.  