Speaker, H.R. 2655 would extend the Irish Peace Process Cultural and Training Program for 2 years, from 2006 to 2008. It would also modify the provisions of the program to ensure that those aliens receiving visas are those the program was designed to benefit.  In 1998, Representative Walsh guided the Irish Peace Process Cultural and Training Program Act to enactment. The purpose of the program is to allow young adults who live in disadvantaged areas of Northern Ireland and designated border counties of Ireland that are suffering from sectarian violence and high unemployment to enter the United States to develop job skills and conflict resolution abilities in a diverse, cooperative, peaceful, and prosperous environment. They can then return to their homes better able to contribute toward economic regeneration and the Irish peace process. Up to 4,000 qualifying aliens (and their spouses and minor children) can be admitted each year and they can stay in the U.S. for up to 3 years.  Mr. Walsh's bill, H.R. 2655, would extend the program for another 2 years, until October 1, 2008. It would also make a number of changes to the program to ensure that the aliens granted admission are those truly economically disadvantaged young adults the program was designed to help. These changes include requirements that program participants not have degrees from institutions of higher education, that they be at least 21 years of age, that they be nationals of the United Kingdom or the Republic of Ireland, that they have been unemployed for at least one year and resident in Northern Ireland or the designated border counties for at least 18 months.  The bill would also make changes to the program to help ensure that the aliens return to Ireland to foster economic development and peace. For instance, it would also require that aliens admitted under the program return home for 2 years before they could apply for an immigrant visa, permanent residence, or another nonimmigrant visa.  I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 2655.  