Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, S. 2742 contains three provisions that will benefit the administrative operations of the U.S. Supreme Court.  First, the bill renews until 2008 authority provided under current law that allows the Supreme Court police to provide security for the Justices when they leave the Supreme Court premises. The Supreme Court police offer that protection, and without this extension, their services would be confined to the immediate area of the Court's grounds. In other words, they would not travel with the Justices when they vacation or speak out of the area, a responsibility that is imposed upon the Marshal's Service when necessary. The need for this protection is illustrated by the recent assault on Justice Souter near his home.  Second, S. 2742 creates statutory authority for the Court to accept gifts. The scope of this text was narrowed with the Committee on the Judiciary's input and is now limited exclusively to gifts ``pertaining to the history of the Court or its Justices.'' The Court presently may accept gifts based on Comptroller General opinions.  Third, this legislation empowers the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, along with the D.C. Superior Court, to adjudicate cases relating to crimes committed in the Supreme Court building and on Court grounds. Under current law, all cases are referred to the D.C. Superior Court. Because some of the crimes committed on Court grounds implicate first amendment rights, the Court and the Department of Justice believe that a Federal court will do a better job of promoting uniform results since it is more experienced in handling constitutional challenges.  Mr. Speaker, the House Committee on the Judiciary, in a bipartisan fashion, worked with the Supreme Court and the other body to ensure that S. 2742 is devoid of controversy.  These changes are important to the operation of the Court. I urge Members to support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  