LoBiondo).  Mr. LoBIONDO. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) very much for his leadership on this, and I thank the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky) for his partnership.  We joined in 1997 after similar incidents in our districts, totally separated, joined us together on this particular issue. I urge my colleagues to support this. It is something that will make a difference in real terms in people's lives.  The legislation reauthorizes the grant program until 2007. The current authorization is set to expire this year.  Congress has overwhelmingly approved the program twice before, first in the 105th and then in the 106th. In the 105th Congress, at that point in time, I had two groups within my district, Vest-A-Cop and Shield of Blue, that were raising money to provide vests for police officers basically by sub sales and bake sales and raising a dollar at a time. We recognized through a very tragic incident where a corrections officer at Bayside State Prison, Officer Fred Baker, while on duty was stabbed in the back by an inmate. He did not have a protective vest. We can only speculate if Officer Baker would be alive today, but many of us believe that he would be.  After that incident, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky) and I got together, drafted the legislation and went to work on it; and we are very pleased that our colleagues were able to support it.  This Bulletproof Vest Partnership Act program has directly benefited every U.S. State and territory. A bulletproof vest is one of the most important pieces of equipment an officer can have. Many times, it can mean the difference between life and death.  Every day, law enforcement officers are confronted by violent criminals armed with deadly weapons. While many officers wear vests to protect themselves, an alarming number of officers across the United States are not afforded the same protection because of budget constraints.  The Bulletproof Vest Partnership Act Grant program has helped State and local law enforcement purchase these vests and in response has saved countless thousands of lives. In 2002 alone, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act has provided $25 million to State law enforcement agencies across America. This program has provided more than 700,000 of these life-saving vests since its inception in the beginning of the program; and in turn, in this last year, the program has helped fund more than 188,000 new vests, giving vital protection to thousands of law enforcement officers nationwide.  I again thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) for his support and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky), and I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.  