Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2391 will help spur the development of new technologies by making it easier for collaborative inventors who represent more than one organization to obtain the protection of the U.S. patent system for their inventions.  The bill achieves this goal by limiting the circumstances in which confidential information which is voluntarily exchanged by individual research team members may be asserted to bar the patenting of the team's new inventions.  Today, intellectual property-reliant industries, such as pharmaceuticals, biotechnology and nanotechnology, serve as key catalysts to the U.S. economy, employing tens of thousands of Americans. More often than not, the innovations they develop are not done solely by researchers in-house, but rather, in concert with other researchers who may be located at universities, nonprofit institutions, and other private enterprises.  Carl E. Gulbrandsen, the managing director of the Wisconsin Research Alumni Research Foundation, provided an assessment of the value of university research contributions when he testified before the Subcommittee on Intellectual Property last Congress that, ``In 2000, nonprofits and universities spent a record of $28.1 billion on research and development, much of which involved collaborations among private, public, and nonprofit entities.''  Sales of products developed from inventions transferred from those research centers resulted in revenues that approached $42 billion that year, a portion of which was then reinvested into additional research. As significant as this research activity is, the tangible benefits of its application are also worth noting. Inventions such as the MRI and the sequencing of human genome technology were both made possible through collaborative research.  In 1984, Congress acted to incentivize innovation by encouraging researchers within organizations to share information. That year, Congress amended the patent law to restrict the use of background scientific or technical information shared among researchers in an effort to deny a patent in instances where the subject matter and the claimed invention were under common ownership or control.  This bill will provide a similar statutory ``safe harbor'' for inventions that result from collaborative activities of private, public and nonprofit entities. In doing so, the bill responds to the 1997 OddzON Products, Inc. v. Just Toys, Inc., decision of the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals by clarifying that prior inventions of team members will not serve as an absolute bar of the patenting of the team's new invention when the parties conduct themselves in accordance with the terms of the bill.  In the future, research collaborations between academia and industry will be even more critical to the efforts of U.S. industry to maintain our technological preeminence. By enacting this bill, Congress will help foster improved communication between researchers, provide additional certainty and structure for those who engage in collaborative research, reduce patent litigation incentives, and facilitate innovation and investment.  Mr. Speaker, the Committee on the Judiciary unanimously approved H.R. 2391 on January 21, 2004. I understand that the Congressional Budget Office considers the bill to have an insignificant effect on the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's spending, and has found that the bill contains no intergovernmental or private sector mandates.  The bill itself is a product of the collaborative efforts of a number of individuals and leading professional patent and research organizations. Among those who contributed substantially to the development of the bill are the USPTO, the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation, the American Council on Education, the American University Technology Managers, the Biotechnology Industry Organization,and the American Intellectual Property Law Association.  Mr. Speaker, the bill is necessary to ensure that tomorrow's collaborative researchers enjoy a full measure of the benefits of the patent law. I urge Members to support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  