Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the distinguished majority leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I asked the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) for the privilege of opening this debate so as to lay before theHouse not only the arguments in favor of the Marriage Protection Act, but also, and perhaps more importantly, to appeal to Members on all sides of this issue to conduct today's debate with the compassion and civility that it deserves.  Mr. Speaker, I repeat my appeal to Members on all sides of this issue. I would hope that Members would conduct today's debate with the compassion and civility that it deserves.  I really feel that, I fear that the debate about homosexual marriage, which has recently been thrust upon the entire Nation by the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, has begun to deviate from a productive conversation about public policy. Too often proponents and opponents seem more interested in talking to themselves than to each other, and if we truly seek a national consensus on the future of marriage, little can be gained by an afternoon spent hectoring each other.  So those who oppose homosexual marriage need not be lectured about compassion any more than those who support it need to be lectured about morality. You think this bill is cruel and we think same sex marriage is a contradiction in terms. Saying so at the top of our lungs for the next few hours will do little good for anyone, least of all the millions of American homosexuals who deserve respect in this debate as American citizens and as human beings.  Mr. Speaker, we are elected to judge policies, not people, and the policy before us today, the Marriage Protection Act, would reaffirm the current national consensus on homosexual marriage by leaving to the States and to the American people the right to define marriage in this country. This is the position that many Democrats say that they support, all 50 States deciding for themselves how to define marriage rather than a one-size-fits-all definition being imposed on them from above, and this bill is their opportunity to publicly adhere to that argument.  If you support the States and respect the will of the American people, you must support this bill. The overwhelming bipartisan passage of the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996, signed into law by President Bill Clinton, provides uncontradicted testimony to the consensus opinion of the American people, an opinion shared by every civilized society in history. That consensus is simply that marriage is the union between one man and one woman.  The consensus of the American people is simply that marriage is the union between one man and one woman. It is not a contract of mutual affection between consenting adults. It is, instead, the architecture of family, the basic unit of civilization, and the natural means by which the human species creates, protects and instills its values in its children.  Traditional marriage is the most stable, enduring and efficient means of raising children, laying down the roots of community life and establishing the necessary and sustainable predicates of nationhood. This is the evolution of civilization.  Individual men and women, with the innate qualities of their gender, come together in shared sacrifice to raise children. They each make their own unique contributions to the raising of boys and girls as male and female models for their male and female children and create the ideal family unit of mother, father and children, an ideal established by nature, sustained by human experience and supported by decades of social science.  It is not a collection of individuals but of families that come together to form a community of shared values and common purpose, and communities in turn come together and bind each other by those shared values and common purpose to establish a common nation. If any link, if any link in that chain breaks, like, for instance, the erosion of the traditional family that has occurred in this country over the last 40 years, the institution of marriage suffers, but so does the Nation.  Children need their community and their Nation to help stabilize their social environment so that they can have the same chances in life we and every generation of Americans have had before them. That is why there has always been and always will be a compelling government interest to protect the institution of marriage from corrosion within or artificial social engineering without.  If it is true what the Massachusetts Supreme Court says, and I do not believe that it is, that ``marriage is an evolving paradigm,'' then should not that evolution be an organic, natural evolution and left to the collective and evolving wisdom of the American people?  And if, on the other hand, no such institutional evolution exists, does not the arrogance of judges who would impose on our society their own contrary and misguided prejudices fundamentally undermine American democracy?  In both cases the answer is yes, and in both cases the Marriage Protection Act will ensure that we take the proper course.  We are a nation of laws, not commandments, and neither the conservative politician nor the liberal judge by himself has the right to define marriage for a nation of 270 million people. That responsibility, that responsibility lies with the people we all serve, whether it is in Sugar Land or San Francisco and everywhere in between.  So I urge my colleagues, let us have a debate. Let us have a civil debate. But in the end I hope my colleagues understand that that responsibility lies in the body of the House of Representatives and you will vote yes on the bill before us.  