Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation addresses two important issues in the world of complex multidistrict litigation. First, the bill reverses the effect of the 1998 Supreme Court decision in the so-called ``Lexecon'' case. For 30 years prior to the Lexecon decision, a Federal judicial entity, the Multidistrict Litigation Panel, selected the one U.S. district court that was best suited to handle pretrial matters in complex multidistrict cases filed in State and Federal district courts around the country. The district courts selected, called the ``transferee'' court, would then invoke a separate general venue statute to retain all the cases for trial matters. This situation promoted judicial administrative efficiency, then produced results that were more uniformly fair to the litigants.  In the 1998 Lexecon decision, the Supreme Court ruled that the statute empowering the MDLP to operate did not authorize a transferee court to retain cases after the pretrial matters were concluded. The bill amends the Federal multidistrict litigation statute by explicitly allowing a transferee court to retain jurisdiction over referred cases for trial, for the purposes of determining liability and punitive damages, or to refer them to other districts as it sees fit. It simply responds to the Court's admonition that Congress amend the statute to allow the MDLP and the affected transferee courts to act as they had done without incident for 30 years prior to Lexecon.  Second, the passage of H.R. 1768 ensures that a special ``disaster'' litigation statute enacted last term will operate as Congress intended. Among other prescribed conditions, this new law creates original jurisdiction for U.S. district courts to adjudicate cases in which the accident has led to 75 deaths. This provision, now codified as a part of the Department of Justice authorization act from the 107th Congress, contemplates that the Lexecon problem is solved.  In other words, the new disaster litigation law only creates original jurisdiction for a U.S. district court to accept these cases and qualify as a transferee court under the multidistrict litigation statute. But the transferee court still cannot retain consolidated cases for the determination of liability and punitive damages which effectively guts the statute. In this sense, the Lexecon fix set forth in H.R. 1768, its freestanding merits aside, also functions as a technical correction to the recently enacted disaster litigation statute.  In sum, this legislation speaks to process, fairness, and judicial efficiency. It will not interfere with jury verdicts or compensation rates for litigators.  I urge my colleagues to join me in a bipartisan effort to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  