Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  With all due respect, Mr. Speaker, I believe the arguments advanced by the gentleman from Virginia are wrong. This bill defines a nonprofit athletic organization as one whose primary function is ``the adoption of rules for sanctioned or approved athletic competitions and practices.'' And the bill only provides liability protection for an act or omission in the adoption of rules for such competitions and practices.  This language is very clear, and it should be interpreted only to deal with on-the-field rules that govern such competitions and the injuries that arise from them. It does not cover civil rights cases alleging discrimination or other off-the-field harms.  Now, I am a little bit puzzled about these objections coming up at this late date. This bill went through the regular committee process. There was a full committee hearing on July 20 and a full committee markup on September 8. The bill was open for amendment at the markup, and had the gentleman from Virginia or anybody else on either side of the aisle been concerned about the aspect that has been complained about, they had the opportunity to offer an amendment and to have the amendment voted on. They chose not to do so.  I do not think that the amendment would have been necessary, because what this bill does is it says that if a State athletic association, like the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association, decides to adopt a rule for competition that means that everybody who competes in a sanctioned high school competition has to have a certain piece of equipment on, they cannot be sued merely for adopting that rule if the equipment failed. That is what the protection is all about.  Now, if this bill goes down, with the huge increases in insurance premiums that have been recounted by many of the Members here, one of two things is going to happen. One is that there will be an increase in premiums that are passed on to the schools involved, both public schools and private schools; or, alternatively, if there is no coverage that is available, then the State athletic association or the Little League governing bodies or the Pop Warner governing body will simply cease to exist and there will not be any rules that are adopted that are designed to protect athletes from injury to the greatest extent humanly possible.  This is a good bill. This is a narrow bill. It should be passed.  