Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 3369, the Nonprofit Athletic Organization Protection Act of 2003. I would like to thank the bill's sponsor, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Souder) for bringing attention to this issue and offering this legislation.  Volunteer athletic organizations play an important role in the lives of children and communities throughout the country. Rulemaking bodies that set standards and uniform rules for sports play a vital role in facilitating a broad range of athletic competition. Nonprofit rulemaking bodies, such as Little League baseball or Pop Warner football, rely on the expertise of volunteers to establish rules for athletic competition and training that promote sportsmanship, preserve sports traditions, ensure fair and competitive play, and minimize risk to participants.  As we know, almost all athletic competition carries risks to those who participate, and accidents do occur when young men and women are flying about on fields and courts and rinks. But rulemaking is a predictive endeavor, and rulemakers do not have the advantage of 20-20 hindsight when they make rules for competition. Unfortunately, no rule book can prevent injuries from occurring in the games that we play and love.  What we also know after multiple lawsuits is that when those accidents occur sometimes the very nonprofit athletic organizations that seek to minimize risk to athletes have become the targets of costly, protracted, and often frivolous litigation based on harm that occurs in the course of a sporting event. Over the last several years nonprofit athletic organizations have been subject to mounting legal assault.  Egregious examples are all too common. One Little League organization chose to avoid the threat of massive damages by settling a claim by a parent who was hit by a ball her own child failed to catch. In another example, lawyers for a youth who suffered an injury in a volunteer sponsored and supervised Boy Scout game of touch football filed a multimillion dollar lawsuit against the adult supervisors and the Boy Scouts of America.  The explosion in the number of lawsuits against volunteer athletic organizations has had a corresponding impact on the price of insurance premiums these organizations are required to carry. According to the National High School Federation, for example, liability insurance rates for high school athletic organizations have spiked 300 percent over the last 3 years.  In the short term, these increases divert resources from safety programs and equipment that reduce the risk of these injuries to athletes. If this trend continues to escalate, rulemaking authorities may be driven out of existence.  H.R. 3369, the Nonprofit Athletic Organization Protection Act, would stem the growing tide of lawsuits against the range of nonprofit youth and high school athletic rulemaking bodies for rules that govern competition on the field. The legislation merely protects nonprofit athletic organizations from legal assault if harm was not caused by that organization's misconduct.  Critically, this legislation would effect only a limited category of claims against the nonprofit rulemaking organizations, and all claims for willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless misconduct would still be actionable. Nothing in this legislation provides liability relief for a school or a school district holding a competition or for coaches or officials supervising or conducting a game.  The legislation also provides deference to States by preserving any State law that affords additional protection from liability relating to the rulemaking activities of the nonprofit athletic organization. The bill is a narrowly tailored, common sense remedy to a very serious and growing threat to volunteer athletic organizations.  If we fail to act, some of these valuable organizations will close up shop. If we fail to act, youth sports and those who play them will ultimately suffer. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  