President, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Bond.  During the course of this debate, we will hear many terms, which sound technical in nature, about the issue at hand. It has been described as ergonomics, musculoskeletal disorders. I think we ought to try to get this down to the real-world level of what this debate concerns.  I have before me a study from the Centers for Disease Control and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services relative to this particular problem. They state, early in the study, the term ``musculoskeletal disorders'' refers to conditions that involve the nerves, tendons, muscles, and supporting structures of the body.  Another definition says: Ergonomic injuries have many names. They are called musculoskeletal disorders, repetitive stress injuries, cumulative trauma disorders, or just simply strains and sprains. These injuries occur when there is a mismatch between the physical requirements of a job and the physical capacity of a worker.  I wanted to make sure we said that at the outset, so those who are following this debate will understand that what is at issue is not a highly technical, scientific issue but something that every one of us who do manual chores at home or at the workplace understands. If you sit there and have to peel a bag of potatoes, when it is all over your hand is a little sore. What if you had to peel a bag of potatoes every half hour, 8 hours a day, 40 hours a week, 12 months a year? How would your hands react to it? That is what we are talking about--ergonomics; musculoskeletal disorders.  I note that the Republican majority wants to limit this debate. They have asked on two occasions that we agree to a limitation. I hope they will reflect on the fact that we are talking about injuries that occur to 600,000 workers a year. It is only fair to those workers, when we consider this amendment by Senator Bond of Missouri, that this debate reflect the gravity of the issue. I will not make a unanimous consent request at this time, but I think it is reasonable that we allot in this debate perhaps 1 minute for every 250 workers who were injured each year by one of these conditions.  That is 1 minute of debate for every 250 workers. By my calculation, that comes out to about 24,000 minutes, and it turns out to be a 40-hour work week. Wouldn't it be interesting if the Members of the Senate had to stand in their workplaces 4 and 5 hours at a time debating this amendment and then talk about the aches and pains they suffer. Imagine the worker who puts up with that every single day.  Each of us in the Senate brings our own personal experiences to this job. I am sure there are many colleagues in support of this amendment who have been engaged in manual labor. I oppose this amendment. I have had the experience, in my youth, of some pretty tough jobs. My folks were pretty adamant that I take on tough jobs so I would want to go back to school and finish my college and law school education.  Well, it worked. I grew up in East St. Louis, IL, and spent several summers working in the stockyards, sometimes working the graveyard shift, from midnight until 8 in the morning, and other times during the day. I did all sorts of manual labor, such as moving livestock, cleaning up in areas that needed to be cleaned up. It was a lot of hard, tough work. At the end of each summer, I was darn glad to go back to school.  But there were two jobs I had that educated me more than others about the workplace, and dangers, and why this debate is not about some dry concept but about real people who get up every single morning, pull themselves out of bed, brush their teeth, and head off to work to earn a paycheck to pay for their families' needs and maybe to realize the American dream.  One job I had was on a railroad. It was considered a clerical job. It involved a lot of moving back and forth, sometimes in the middle of the night, in Brooklyn, IL, between trains that stopped. I was a bill clerk walking up and down with a lantern, trying to keep track of these trains. One night, in the middle of the night, I climbed a ladder on the side of one of these gondolas to see if it was empty or full. As I started to jump down from that ladder, my college graduation ring caught on a burr on the ladder, causing a pretty serious injury and a scar I still carry. That was a minor injury. I was back at work in a few days. Some workers aren't so lucky.  But the job I had really educated me about this issue, so I understand it personally. I hope my colleagues can come to understand it. It is a fact that I worked four straight summers in a slaughterhouse, the Hunter Packing Company of East St. Louis, processing hogs and pork products. We were unionized, the Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workers of Greater North America, and we had a contract. Thanks to that contract, I think I received $3.50 an hour, which, in the early 1960s, was a great wage for a college student. I could finish that summer and take $1,500 back to school and do my best to pay my bills. My kids, and a lot of college students today, laugh when they consider that amount of money, but that was a large amount of money in my youth. When you came to the slaughterhouse as a college student, you expected the worst jobs, and you took them if you wanted to make the salary you needed. So I worked all over this slaughterhouse.  The union had entered into an agreement with the company, Hunter Packing Company, which said: You will work an 8-hour day, but we define an 8-hour day in terms of the number of hogs that are processed. If I recall correctly, our contract said we would process 240 hogs an hour, which meant slaughtering or processing on 2 different floors, 2 different responsibilities.  Some people who worked there said: Wait a minute, if 240 hogs equals an hour, and we are supposed to work 8-hour days, and at the end of the day we are supposed to have processed or slaughtered 1,920 hogs, if we can speed up the line that carries these hogs, or speed up the conveyor belt that carries the meat products, we might be able to get out in 7 hours.  So it was a race every day to get to 1,920 hogs. Hundreds of men and women who were standing on these processing lines were receiving that piece of the animal or piece of meat to process it, knowing another one was right behind it, just as fast as they could move--repetitive action, day in and day out.  I saw injuries in that workplace because of the repetition and the speed. I can remember working on what we called the ``kill floor,'' where the first processing of a hog took place. I worked next to an elderly African American gentleman, a nice guy. He joked with me all the time because I was this green college student doing everything wrong. One day, I looked over as he slumped and fell to the floor; he passed out.  I can recall another day when I was working on a line where they were putting hams on a table to be boned and then stuck into a can so we could enjoy them at home. These men were--it was all men at that time--paid by the ham. The faster they could bone the hams, the more money they made. The knives they used were the sharpest they could possibly get their hands on. They covered the other hand with a metal mesh glove, and they would set out to bone the ham as quickly as they could. There were hams flying in every direction and hands flying in every direction. The next thing you know, there were injuries and cuts.  Of course, if your hand is cut and you work as a piece worker, you really don't make much money until it heals. You can't go back too soon into an environment with a lot of meat juices and water because it won't heal. Iwould see these men with bandaged hands standing over to the side waiting for another chance to make a living for their family.  These images are as graphic in my mind today, in 1999, standing on the floor of the Senate, as they were in my experience as a kid in that packing house. As I looked around at the men and women who got up every single day and went to work--hard work, dirty work, but respectable work--and brought home a good paycheck for a hard day's work, I saw time and time again these injuries on the job.  The amendment offered by the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Bond, says to the Federal Government--in this case, it says to the Secretary of Labor--not to study and not to come up with regulations that would protect workers in the workplace from repetitive injuries.  It is a common question in legislatures and on Capitol Hill: Who wants this amendment? Who is pushing for this amendment? Who would want to leave millions of American workers vulnerable in the workplace from repetitive stress injuries when we know that over 600,000 workers a year are injured? Who is it who wants to stop or slow down this process?  Well, I am virtually certain it is some business interest. I don't know which one, because the curious thing is that every business that comes to talk to this Senator, or others, is quick to say: We care about our workers. We put things in place to protect our workers. We don't need the Federal Government to come in because safety in the workplace is No. 1 at our plant.  I hear that over and over again. I don't dispute it. When I talk to you a little later on about some of the companies that have responded to this particular challenge, you are going to find big names, Fortune 500 names, such as Caterpillar Tractor Company of Illinois, a big employer in my State. I am proud of what this company makes and exports around the world. You will hear about what they have done to deal with the problem. Chrysler Motor Company in Belvidere, IL. I have been there. We will talk about what they did.  Finally, you are going to say, if the Fortune 500 companies and the ones that talk to you are the good guys, the companies that are really trying to protect workers and understand how expensive and serious it is to have injuries in the workplace, who in the world is pushing for this amendment that would eliminate holding every business in America responsible for safety in the workplace?  My conclusion is that some bad actors out there in the business community who are not living up to the same standard as these companies are the ones behind this amendment. And the sad reality is, the larger companies, through the organizations that represent them in Washington, have joined ranks with the bad actors.  They are playing down the lowest common denominator. They are trying in a way to protect their competitors that aren't living up to the same good standards for their workers. I think that is shameful. I think it is disgraceful.  This Bond amendment--make no mistake--I want to read to you what it does--says after a lot of preparatory language:       None of the funds made available in this act may be used by      the Secretary of Labor, or the Occupational Safety and Health      Administration, to promulgate, or to issue, or to continue      the rulemaking process of promulgating or issuing any      standard regulation or guideline regarding ergonomics prior      to September 30, 2000.  In other words, turn out the lights downtown on establishing standards that you send down to businesses to protect workers.  