President, the topic which I would like to speak about during this brief time on the floor is one which is important to millions of Americans and involves two of our most important and successful programs: Social Security and Medicare.  They are so important to so many families that President Clinton has proposed that 77 percent of the surplus which we anticipate over the next few years be invested in both of these programs so that they will be available for future generations of Americans.  There are some who believe that the surplus, as it is generated, should be spent instead and invested in tax cuts for Americans. Of course, any politician, any person in public life, proposing a tax cut is going to get a round of applause. People would like to pay less in taxes, whether they are payroll taxes, income taxes, or whatever. But we have to realize that a tax cut is instant gratification and what the President has proposed instead is that we invest the surplus in programs with long-term benefits to not only current Americans but those of us who hope in the years ahead to take advantage of them as well.  We have to keep the security in Social Security and the promise of good medical care in our Medicare Program. And I think we have to understand that just solving the problems of Social Security is not enough; income security goes hand in hand with health care security.  One of the proposals coming from some Republican leaders suggests that there would be a tax cut. And as you can see from this chart, the Republican investment in Medicare under this plan is zero, and the Republican investment in tax cuts, $1.7 trillion.  Now, of course, that is quite a stark contrast. Instead of prudent investments, I am afraid that many of those who suggest tax cuts of this magnitude are not really giving us the bread and butter that we really need for these important programs like Social Security and Medicare. Instead, they are handing out these candy bar tax cuts. I do not think that that is what America needs nor what we deserve. Let me take a look at the tax cut as it would affect individual American families.  There is a question that many of us have when we get into the topic of tax cuts, and that is the question of fairness, progressivity: Is this tax cut really good for the average working family? One of the proposals which has been suggested by a Republican leader and Republican candidate for President, who serves in the House of Representatives, is an across-the-board tax cut. Well, take a look at what this means for the families of average Americans.  For the lower 60 percent of wage earners in America, people making $38,000 or less, this Republican tax cut is worth $99 a year, about $8.25 a month--not even enough to pay the cable TV bill. But if you happen to be in the top 1 percent of the earners, with an average income of $833,000, your break is $20,697.  I listened over the weekend while one of our noted commentators, George Will, who was born and educated in my home State of Illinois, suggested: Well, of course, because people who make this much money pay so much more in taxes, they should get a larger tax cut.  We have been debating this for a while, but we really decided it decades ago. In a progressive tax system, if you are wealthy, if you have higher income, then in fact you will pay more in taxes. So I do not think it is a revelation to suggest that people making almost a million dollars a year in income are going to end up paying more in taxes. Well, the Republican tax cut plan, as it has been proposed, an across-the-board tax cut, does very little for the average person, but of course is extremely generous to those in the highest income categories.  Today in America, 38 million citizens rely on Medicare, including 1.6 million in my home State of Illinois. By the time my generation retires, this number will have increased substantially. With these increasing numbers of Americans relying on Medicare, and advances in health care technology currently increasing costs, any way you look at it, you need more money for the Medicare Program, unless you intend to do one of several things:  You can slash the benefits; you can change the program in terms of the way it helps senior citizens; you can ask seniors and disabled Americans who use Medicare, who are often on fixed incomes, to shoulder substantially higher costs; you can significantly reduce the payments to providers, the doctors and the hospitals; or you can increase payroll taxes by up to 18 percent for both workers and their employers.  A report that was released today by the Senate Budget Democrats lays out some of these harsh alternatives that would be necessary if the Republicans refuse to make investments in the Medicare Program.  President Clinton says, take 15 percent of the surplus, put it in Medicare; it will not solve all the problems of Medicare, but it will buy us 10 years to implement reforms in a gradual way. The Republicans, instead, suggest no money out of the surplus for Medicare, and instead put it into tax cuts. I think that is a rather stark choice.  