President.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. This is nominally the District of Columbia appropriations bill. But D.C. is such a small part of it. It is a flea on the back of a big rogue elephant.  We are happy the District of Columbia appropriations bill has reached a point where it should be passed and signed by the President, and the District of Columbia can go on about the business of managing itself. But, unfortunately, leaders in Congress have decided to take this relatively noncontroversial bill and add to it this behemoth of a Labor-HHS appropriations bill.  I am going to vote against this bill. As many others on the Democratic side, it marks probably one of the few times in my career that I have opposed the bill by which we fund the Department of Labor, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Department of Education. But I think those who look closely at this bill will understand there is good reason to vote against it.  Mark my word; this bill that may pass today is going to be vetoed before the sun goes down, and we will be back tomorrow to talk about the next version of the Labor-HHS bill.  Senator Daschle is correct. This is a colossal waste of time. We should be negotiating a bill that can be signed instead of posturing ourselves. But if we are to address a posture, let's look at this bill and the posture it takes on one agency. That agency is the National Institutes of Health.  Let me tell you that if for no other reason, every Member of the Senate should vote against this bill because of the decision of the budget ``smooths'' to change the way that we fund the agency that pays for medical research in the United States of America.  Look at the way this bill would fund the National Institutes of Health. Historically, the blue lines represent more or less even-line spending throughout the year, month after month, by the National Institutes of Health on medical research, on cancer, on heart disease, on diabetes, and on arthritis. That is the way it should be. It is ordinary business, steady as you go. Researchers know the money will be there and that they are going to be able to use their best skills to find cures for the diseases that afflict Americans and people around the world. But some member of the Budget Committee, or the Appropriations Committee, has said: Let's play a little game here. Let's take 40 percent of all the money for the NIH and give it to them in the last 2 days of the fiscal year. Let them sit for 11 months, 3 weeks, and 5 days without the money, and then dump it on them in the last few days so that 40 percent of the money and 60 percent of the grants will be funded at the tail end.  The red line indicates what would happen if this Republican proposal went through. This is irresponsible. If we are going to play games with the budget, let's not do it with the National Institutes of Health.  I will concede, as Senator Specter said earlier, both he and Senator Harkin, as well as Congressman Porter from my State, have done yeomen duty in increasing the money available to the National Institutes of Health over the years. I have always supported that. I will tell you why.  Each Member of the Senate can tell a story of someone bringing a child afflicted by a deadly disease into their office and begging them as a Member of the Senate to do everything they can to help the National Institutes of Health. It is heartbreaking to face these families. It is heartbreaking, I am sure, to sit on the subcommittee and consider the scores of people who come in asking for help at the National Institutes of Health. But each of us in our own way gives them our word that we will do everything in our power to help medical research in America so that the mothers and fathers and husbands and wives sitting in hospital waiting rooms around America praying to God that some scientist is going tocome up with a cure will get every helping hand possible from Capitol Hill. This bill breaks that promise. This bill plays politics with the National Institutes of Health.  This bill, if for no other reason, should be voted down by the Senate to send a message to this conference and every subsequent conference that if you are going to find a way out of this morass, don't play politics with the National Institutes of Health.  A few weeks ago, I had the sad responsibility of working with a family in the closing days of the life of their tiny little boy who had a life-threatening genetic disorder called Pompey's disease. He never made it to a clinical trial because we could never bring together the NIH and the university to do something to try to help him. But I did my best, as I am sure every Member of the Senate would.  A mother came to see me last year with a child with epileptic seizures that were occurring sometimes every 2 minutes. Imagine what her life was like and the life of her family.  Each and every one of them said to me: Senator, can you do something to help us with medical research? I gave them my word that I would, as each of us does.  Let's make sure this bill today draws a line in the sand and says to future conference committees that we hold the National Institutes of Health sacred, and we will not allow political games to be played with their budget.  I yield the floor.  