President, let me speak briefly, because I see the Senators from Iowa and Minnesota are here. Let me say, about the President's State of the Union Address last night, we are very proud of the fact that the Democratic leadership in the House and the Senate offered a battery of legislation supporting the President's goals. I was heartened by the fact that the President lifted our eyes from the drudgery of our Senate trial and spoke again to the many issues which really have brought us to Congress in an effort to try to improve the lives of Americans and American families.  The President has taken a fiscally responsible approach by suggesting, for example, that as we stabilize Social Security we do not run up greater deficits. He is pledging a percentage of the future surpluses to stabilize and protect Social Security. That is a responsible approach and one which future generations will certainly applaud. He has made a similar commitment to the Medicare system, saying that some 15 or 16 percent of the surplus will be dedicated to make certain that it is solvent through the year 2020.  I was heartened by two other things that the President suggested. At the turn of this century, as we embarked upon the 20th century, America distinguished itself and the world as a nation dedicated to public education. We became a nation of high school students, and during a span of some 20 years on average a new high school was built once every day in America. We democratized education, we created opportunity, and we created the American century.  Will we do it again for the 21st century? President Clinton challenged us last night as a Congress to come together, Republicans and Democrats, dedicated to public education. I think we could and should do that. I am happy that he has shown leadership again in this important field.  And finally, and this is on a personal note, for more than 10 years in Congress I have joined with many of my colleagues, including the Senator from Iowa, Senator Harkin, and Senator Wellstone from Minnesota, Senator Lautenberg from New Jersey, and so many others in our battle against the tobacco industry. We believe it is nothing short of disgraceful that we continue to have more and more of our adolescents in America addicted to this deadly product. The Senate dropped the ball last year. We had a chance to pass meaningful legislation to protect our kids, but a partisan minority stopped the debate. The tobacco lobby won.  Now I hope that we can reverse that on the floor of the Senate and the floor of the House of Representatives. But if we cannot, President Clinton said last night we will join, as some 42 other States have, in court, suing the tobacco companies as a Federal Government for the costs that American taxpayers have incurred because of their deadly product.  I salute the President for doing that. I applaud him for his leadership, again, in this field of issues that is fraught with political danger. I believe that his speech last night gave us some hope that we can move forward, even if Congress fails to do the right thing and protect our children.  We stand at an important crossroads. There is no inherent reason why the change in calendar from 1999 to 2000 should matter. Some say it is just another year. But we humans find significance in that event, and the question is whether the 106th Congress, which will bridge the centuries, will be a Congress that will be remembered as a productive Congress that came together on a bipartisan basis to help Americans, not only today, but in generations to come.  We have to continue to ask ourselves why we are here, how we can make America a better place, and the President's State of the Union Address gave us the direction.  I yield the remainder of my time.  