 Four years ago, we had a Government shutdown. Congress failed so miserably in its responsibilities to fund the agencies of Government, we actually shut down agencies. We sent Federal employees home. They were paid later on even for the time they missed. We barred the door when they wanted to come back to work, and the Republican leaders in Congress said: We're going to prove a point.  They certainly did. They proved they could not pass the spending bills on time; they could not maintain the orderly flow of Government services to the people of America. That was 4 years ago.  You would think that over time the Republican leadership in the House and Senate would have learned from that experience. Last year, we had a little different experience. In the closing minutes of the session, we were presented with a 4,000-page budget bill, an appropriations bill, which literally no Member of Congress was able to read, and we were told: Take it or leave it. We either pass this and go home or sit around here for weeks, if not months.  The bill passed. A lot of us, with regret, voted for it saying: What is the alternative?  This year, we are going into a new phase, a new chapter in the Republican congressional leadership when it comes to budgetary responsibility. October 1--this week on Friday--is the new fiscal year. It is, in fact, Republican Responsibility Day. As leaders in Congress, they are responsible for passing spending bills or at least charting out a course so we can see an orderly process to result in spending and budget bills that do serve America.  As I stand here today, we do not have it. We will pass a continuing resolution which says we will continue Government for another 3 weeks, with no end in sight. Neither the leaders on Capitol Hill nor anyone on the Republican side have suggested how we are going to end this.  Instead, to quote a friend of mine with whom I served in the House, Congressman Dave Obey of Wisconsin, we hear the Republican leadership posing for holy pictures as they stand and say: We will not breach the caps on spending which led to the balanced budget. And we certainly will never touch the Social Security trust fund.  The facts do not back that up. What we find is they have broken the caps already. They have already reached deep into the Social Security trust fund to fund their favorite projects, and we still have no end in sight.  It is one thing to beat your chest and say you are going to stand up for certain principles, but it is hollow rhetoric when you cannot produce the spending bills.  You heard the Senator from Washington and the Senator from California. Imagine, if you will, in this time of prosperity, when the Republicans have said we are so awash in money in Washington that we can offer a $792 billion tax cut--and thank goodness the President did not sign that and explained it to the American people--at the same time the Republicans are calling for a massive tax cut, primarily for wealthy people, they cannot fund education, sending 29,000 teachers home.  Imagine families across America that get a note from the school saying: Mrs. Smith will not be here next year. She may not be here next month because Congress failed to continue a program to provide teachers in our school, teachers to make sure that class sizes are smaller.  Is that what this is all about, that we have gone on for month after weary month with all of this rhetoric in Washington, and at the end of the day we are going to send 29,000 teachers home and say to the schools: You have no choice but to increase the enrollment in each one of your classrooms.  That is as good as we can do for all the billions of dollars that we have to spend. I don't think so. I certainly hope the Republican leadership will sit down with the Democrats and the President and work out something that is good for the Nation and good for families across our country that are concerned about quality schools and quality health care.  I visited St. Francis Hospital in Peoria, IL, yesterday, a wonderful hospital that has faced Medicare cuts that, frankly, threaten this teaching hospital, this safety-net hospital, another item we have to address and should address before we go home.  I didn't run for the House and for the Senate to come here and punch the clock on my pension. I came here to work on the issues that are important to people in Illinois and across the Nation. To date, this Congress has failed miserably when it comes to addressing those issues, whether it is education or health care, the basic things we expect.  We had the Columbine School massacre a few months ago; it shocked the Nation. We passed a juvenile justice bill because Vice President Gore came and broke the tie. We said we need sensible gun control, background checks, to make sure fugitives, felons, and stalkers don't get their hands on guns. We passed that bill over to the House, and it disappeared, never seen again.  We are now in another school year. We still want safe schools. We still want sensible gun control. This Congress has failed miserably when it comes to bringing that issue through, passing a law, and sending it to the President. It hasn't happened.  Time and again we have made the speeches; we have punched the clock; we have gone home without meeting our responsibilities. If last year's Congress was a do-nothing Congress, this Congress has done less, less to meet the challenges the American people have given to us, challenges which include a responsible budget, education, and health care, challenges which include, of course, a Patients' Bill of Rights so those who have health insurance through managed care companies have a decision made by a doctor and not by an insurance bureaucrat.  