That is what we were talking about.  Then the proposal came from the Republican side: We have so much money now that we can give away a massive tax cut, primarily to the wealthiest people in this country.  The idea was rejected by Alan Greenspan who has no political ax to grind and wants to see the economy move forward. The idea was rejected by economists, as well as leaders from the President on down, and most important, it was rejected by the American people.  A few weeks later, the same Republican Party that had this massive tax cut tells us we are in desperate straits as to this year's budget, and we have to do across-the-board cuts in law enforcement, education, and health care. That tells us, frankly, the captain on the ship does not know where he is headed. The captains, in these cases, are the leaders in the House and the Senate on the Republican side.  I will tell you where I think they should be heading, and I think the American people expect this to happen. We have to end this in a sensible fashion. We have to make certain when it is done we meet our basic obligations--obligations to kids and school, obligations to those who depend on us for the very basics, obligations to Social Security to make sure it is strong beyond the year 2032, and as for Medicare, beyond the year 2015. These should be viable systems. That is our first obligation.  It is our obligation, as well, to provide for the basics of this country--the national defense, to make sure the men and women in uniform are treated humanely and they have not only good assignments but are adequately compensated for the service they give to our country.  The list is pretty obvious and most American families would agree with them, but we have not gotten the dialog underway between Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill. I sincerely hope this idea of an across-the-board cut is rejected. I believe the Appropriations Committee has to make priority judgments on spending. The President's offset package will save us some money.  