President, I agree with the Senator from California.  I think we should take this a step further. It is not only a disservice to seniors who are covered by Medicare but to their families as well.  Those of us who have dealt with aging parents and their medical problems understand that a family often has to rally together to try to figure out how to help a mother, a father, a grandmother, or a grandfather. If the additional expenses that are being shouldered because of the refusal of the Republicans to deal with the Medicare challenge end up falling on the shoulders of the frail and elderly, they will be expenses shared by many members of the family.  I think it is an element that has to be brought to this basic consideration. It is one thing to say we are giving you a tax cut on the one hand and yet we are going to increase the cost of Medicare to you on the other.  I want to make two points which I think are important as well. I am, I guess, right on the age of what is known as the baby boom generation. I took a look at this Republican tax cut not just for the first 10 years. This isn't a tax cut where they want to change the law for 10 years and then go back to the old one. It goes on indefinitely. We have a right and a responsibility to chart out what the Republican tax cut means beyond the first 10 years, to see what it means in the next 10 years and the following 10 years.  Look what happens. It explodes from the years 2000 to 2004, $156 billion; $636 billion in the next 5 years; $903 billion in the following 4 years, and over $1 trillion in the last.  What does it mean? For the so-called baby boomers such as myself, when the time comes for retirement, the debt is going to start exploding again. The service of that debt, the interest paid on the debt because of the Republican tax cut proposal, will be a new burden to be shouldered by that future generation. It is not responsible. The Republican approach is not responsible. Not only does it ignore Medicare but it drags America right back into the sea of red ink. They are so determined to give these tax cuts to wealthy Americans that they are going to do it at the expense of fiscal sanity. Haven't we learned a lesson over the last 10 or 20 years, that we cannot do this without jeopardizing the possibility that we are going to have some kind of fiscal sanity for decades to come?  Think about this in the private sector. My friends on the Republican side say run government like a business. Microsoft is a very profitable business. Would Microsoft give shareholders huge dividends based on expected future profits? Of course not. They declare a dividend when the money is in the bank.  The Republican tax cut programs wants to declare a national dividend in anticipation of money coming into the bank; the Democratic alternative says no, dedicate a portion of that surplus to Social Security and to Medicare, and if there is to be a tax cut, let it be a reasonable, affordable tax cut to help middle-income families first. That is the difference. It is an important difference.  We also have to take into consideration that if the Republican tax cut is enacted, it is going to put pressure on Congress to cut spending in future years. Some people say Congress should cut spending; we ought to live within our means. The amount of money that will be taken from the Treasury by the Republican tax cut in the outyears would have a dramatic negative impact on America.  This chart illustrates that. If the Republican budget passes, and the tax cuts which they have propose are enacted, here are the cuts we will face. The Head Start Program--a program for the youngest kids in America, in some of the most vulnerable families, who are given a chance to start school ready to learn--will be cut for 375,000 children. The Republican tax cut leads to a cut in Head Start of services to 375,000 kids.  What will happen to these children? They will show up for kindergarten and the first grade and they may not be ready to learn. So school districts will have added responsibilities and society will have added responsibilities. We see it reflected in crime statistics, in welfare statistics. When we cut back in early childhood education, which the Republican plan leads us to, we will pay for it dearly.  Veterans, VA medical care. If the Republican plan passes, forcing the budget cuts which inevitably follow, they will cut treatment for 1.4 million patients, veterans who come to hospitals asking for the care they were promised when they served our country. Is that a reasonable alternative? I think it is not.  Under title I, education for the disadvantaged, cutting services for 6.5 million children; The FBI, eliminating over 6,000 agents.  The Republicans smile and say, come on, we can give tax cuts, we can cut the budget, and none of this will occur.  We have lived through that era, that era of overpromising, that era that built up the red ink in this country to the point where we faced a national crisis and pleas from the Republican side to enact a constitutional amendment so that the courts could force Congress to spend its money responsibly. We don't want to return to that again.  This morning I had a meeting with the superintendent of the Office of Education from the State of Illinois, Max McGee, and the chairman of the State board of education, Ron Gidwitz, a businessman from Chicago. They came in asking for more Federal dollars. They want to have early childhood programs so kids get a better start at learning. They want the schoolday to go from 3 o'clock in the afternoon until 6 o'clock where kids have added adult supervision. They want school extended in the summer so kids have an added chance to learn.  These are all wonderful consensus ideas in education, and each one of them costs money. Naturally, our State education officials come to us asking for more Federal dollars. I told them they came at exactly the right moment because the debate starts across the Rotunda in the House today on whether or not the Republican tax cut plan will pass. If it does, and if it is enacted--which I doubt the President would see in the future--we will face the possibility of fewer dollars available for education at a time when most people believe if the 21st century is to be another American century, we need to dedicate resources to education and to our kids. That is the choice. It is stark. It is difficult. It is politically treacherous.  We must do the responsible thing. The responsible thing is to take whatever surplus comes in the future, dedicate it first to Social Security, then to Medicare, and then to retiring the national debt so that families across America and businesses alike can enjoy continued prosperity, a responsible approach which guards the prosperity for the future.  I don't think the American people will be deceived in believing this tax cut is their deliverance from concern in the future.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brownback). The Senator from Maryland.  