President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by Senator Torricelli. I listened carefully to the statement of my colleague from the State of Alaska. Having visited his State several times, I acknowledge they have an extraordinary situation that is unlike perhaps any other State across this Nation. I hope he will take into consideration what Senator Torricelli's amendment seeks to do is to really limit the use of this trap on national wildlife refuges.  I am not sure exactly how one would define a refuge, but in my way of thinking, it is akin to a shelter. It is something that has really been designed by law to provide a special kind of protection that might not otherwise be available to wildlife. That is why Senator Torricelli's amendment, I believe, is so appropriate because it is limited to the wildlife refuge and, secondly, it makes exceptions.  I understand what Senator Stevens has said, that the subsistence exception would not cover commercial trapping on wildlife refuges, but I say to the Senator from Alaska, I think perhaps other forms of trapping should be used rather than this form.  I know the Senator from New Jersey is going to take the floor again and make a part of the Record a letter which was received after the letter quoted by the Senator from Alaska. I have a copy of it, and I will read from it. It is a letter from the Secretary of the Department of the Interior, Bruce Babbitt. It is written to the House sponsor of this legislation. It is very brief, and I will read it into the Record:       Dear Mr. Farr:       I am responding to your letter requesting the Department's      position on your amendment relating to the use of certain      kinds of traps on national wildlife refuges. The letter dated      July 20, 1999, from Mr. John Rogers and the enclosed effect      statement do not represent the position of the Department of      the Interior. After careful consideration, I can advise you      that your amendment--  The Farr amendment--     and the Torricelli amendment, which is identical, would not      impact the ability of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to      manage refuges under the Organic Act of 1997. Accordingly,      the Department does not take a position on your amendment.  I say to those who are following this debate, the earlier reference to a letter of July 20 was superseded by a letter on July 23 from the Secretary of the Department of the Interior who said they will not take a position on the amendment and the Torricelli and Farr amendment do not in any way impact their ability to manage wildlife refuges.  I also remind those following the debate of Senator Torricelli's statement that some 88 nations across the world have already banned this form of trap. Many people are critical of Senators from New Jersey and Illinois who try to make comment on the way people live in the West. My friend from Montana, Senator Burns, occasionally calls me aside when I offer these amendments related to Montana and the West and speaks of his Midwestern friends who do not quite understand the lifestyle of the West. I will concede, by classic definition, I am from a sodbuster State. I may not understand all the things that are part of the lifestyle of the West, but I call the attention of those who are considering this amendment to statements made in the press in Western States about these steel-jawed leghold traps.  Arizona, the Arizona Republic, February 7, 1993:       Outlawing the barbaric, needlessly cruel steel trap--a      device that tortures animals to death--should no longer be a      matter of serious dispute.  The Arizona Tribune, 1994:       No need for extremists to exaggerate what happens to an      animal when a trap's steel jaws slam shut on it. It's more      than inhumane; it's heinous.  Colorado, October 15, 1996, the Boulder Daily Camera:       The trapper hides the equivalent of a land mine in wildlife      habitat and ``harvests'' whatever has the rotten luck to step      in it.  From the Californian, October 8, 1998:       Laying a trap that statistically is more likely to maim or      kill an animal other than the one being hunted is wasteful,      inhumane, and cruel.  The Tucson Citizen 1993, Arizona:       Steel-jaw traps are cruel devices that subject animals--     sometimes family pets--to mutilation or slow and painful      death. And they pose a threat to people who use public lands      for recreation. . . . Steel-jaw traps have no place in a      civilized world, particularly on public lands.  Those were statements not from some bleeding heart eastern journals but from newspapers from the West--Arizona, Colorado, California--areas where I think they have even more familiarity with this than some Members of the Senate might themselves.  I have a couple photographs to demonstrate how these traps are used. You can see from this photograph that thecat has had the misfortune of coming across a steel trap and its paw has been trapped inside. From what we have been told, it might be a day or two or maybe even more before the person who set this trap comes to decide what to do with the animal that is included. I don't know if this was the target animal this trapper was looking for. My guess is that this animal will be in pain and suffering until that trapper shows up on the scene to either release it or kill it.  Here is another photograph. It appears to be a fox trapped as well. There is evidence that many of the animals that are caught in these traps, in pain, in desperation chew off their own limbs to try to escape. Of course, as they hobble around the wilderness, they may not last long either.  These are basically and fundamentally inhumane. For us to allow them in wildlife refuges, I think, is a serious mistake. The amendment by the Senator from New Jersey is a reasonable one. It allows exceptions for research, subsistence, which the Senator from Alaska has alluded to, conservation, and facility protection.  When the Senator from Montana, Mr. Burns, told the story of those in Montana who were trying to protect their flocks of sheep from coyotes that came out of the wildlife refuge, as I understand the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey, there would be no prohibition against their setting these traps on their own property to protect their flock from these predatory animals. The Torricelli amendment alludes only to putting these traps in wildlife refuges. I think, frankly, that is a line that should be drawn and one that I support.  As I have said, Secretary Bruce Babbitt has written to the Senate indicating the Torricelli amendment would have no adverse impact on the management of the Fish and Wildlife Service on refuges. The House has approved this amendment overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis. Eighty-eight nations and a number of States have made it clear that this barbaric device has no place in wildlife management.  I urge support for the Torricelli amendment and yield the floor.  