KENNEDY. The Senator again has asked the important question. It is the insurance industry. You have on the one hand, as suggested by the two questions the Senator asked, all of the health professionals, all of the men and women who have devoted their lives to taking care of patients in this country, the doctors, the nurses, all of the various professional societies, all the consumer groups, all the children's organizations that care about this, all the elderly groups. And on the other side you have the insurance industry that is opposed to it. The basic reason for that is that it cuts into their bottom line--even though they have guaranteed the kinds of protections we are talking about.  What we are trying to do is make sure the patients are going to get the kind of coverage and the kind of attention for which they had signed up. What happens in so many of these instances is the HMO, the policyholder, just will not give what their patients are guaranteed in these areas. And with all the other complexities in terms of denying the patients the opportunity to sue the HMO, we are denied an opportunity for remedy as well.  There is rarely a public policy question that is as important as this one. We know what can be done. We have good legislation, that is almost at the door of the Senate, that could be called up. I am sure the Senator from Illinois would agree with me, and we could get that done today. Certainly we could do that, and the minimum wage as well.  I see my time has just about expired, but I want to try to go through, briefly, some of these other areas where we have failed to take action. These are the kind of issues about which people talk to us. This is the kind of issue about which families are concerned--the minimum wage, a Patients' Bill of Rights. When I was in Methuen this past Monday, I must have had four different senior citizens come up to me and say: What's happening on that prescription drug proposal that the President is supporting--that so many of us are supporting? Try to get that up and get a debate, get that reported out of the Finance Committee and reported out here on the Senate floor. Please do something about prescription drugs.  But we aren't able to get anything done on that. We aren't able to get anything done on the Patients' Bill of Rights. We have a Republican leader who said that ``House-Senate conferences on other legislation have a higher priority'' than consideration of the Patients' Bill of Rights. So this thing is just being kicked on over to next year. That may be satisfactory to some of the insurance companies. That may be satisfactory to some of the Republican leadership. But it is not satisfactory to the families in this country.  In the final few moments, I want to once again mention the areas of education which we would have hopefully had some opportunity to address with greater time.  In recent years, too many in Congress have paid lip-service to education--and then failed to act to meet the most basic needs of the Nation's schools. This Congress faces a major test in the coming days, as we seek to guarantee that education receives the funds it deserves for the coming fiscal year. If we want a better and stronger America tomorrow, we must invest more in education today.  