 This debate really gets down to some very fundamental and basic questions about whether, when you go into your doctor's office and present yourself with an illness, you can trust that your doctor is going to be honest with you, tell you what is best for you or your family, or whether you have to worry about the fact that there may be some insurance company bureaucrat involved in this decision.  When it comes down to these basic life or death situations for a member of a family, there is enough emotional strain on an individual in trying to keep their wits about them, trying to keep their family together; but to think that you not only have to battle those things in your own mind but then, on a daily basis, battle the insurance company bureaucrats, that, to me, is the worst part of what we are debating.  I want to show you a photograph of a great little boy. He is 11 months old. His name is Roberto Cortes. He is from Elk Grove Village, IL--a cute kid, but a kid who has a serious problem, spinal muscular atrophy. He is currently on a home ventilator, as you can see in this photograph.  That is enough of a strain on any family--to try to make sure this little fellow has a chance to live a good life. But the sad part of this debate is that the parents of this little boy are self-employed. They have a little business.  The Republican Patients' Bill of Rights provides no protection whatsoever to self-employed people. Roberto Cortes and his family would not be protected at all by the Republican version of the Patients' Bill of Rights.  The Democratic version, supported by over 200 groups, representing doctors and hospitals and consumers and labor and businesses across America, would provide protection to the Cortes family. That is how basic this is.  When the Republicans tell us: We don't have time to debate this issue; we don't have time to debate whether or not you have a fighting chance when it comes to your health insurance, they are just wrong.  You are going to hear a lot about this issue from Members on the Democratic side. We are not going to quit until we get a chance to have this debate.  Since I see my colleague from California is here, and I know she has an important contribution to make to this discussion, I yield the floor back to the Senator from Nevada.  