I misspoke earlier. I wish to speak to the Bond amendment, not the Robb amendment.  The Bond amendment is another one of these legislative riders on spending bills. It is an attempt to change environmental policy with an amendment to the appropriations bill for the Department of the Interior. The reason it is being done this way, of course, is it avoids any committee hearing, any opportunity for any witnesses or public input.  There are seven, eight, or nine different environmental riders that have been attached to this spending bill. The administration has indicated that unless they are removed, there is a strong likelihood that an otherwise good bill will be vetoed by the President because riders, such as the one I am about to address, go way too far.  One might wonder why I am addressing the issue of a national forest in Missouri since I represent the State of Illinois. I am from downstate Illinois. I was born in East St. Louis, and the Ozarks are an important recreational area for everyone who lives in the region. It is not only a regional treasure but a national treasure which has been recognized by a designation as a national forest.  Last year, the attorney general of Missouri, Jay Nixon, joined environmental groups in petitioning the Secretary of the Interior asking him under his authority, under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, to remove from access to mining 400,000 acres in the Mark Twain National Forest.  Those of us who live in that region know this is an especially popular area of the Ozarks. The watersheds of the Current, Jacks Fork, and Eleven Point Rivers are in this region. Many of my friends and family go to the Ozarks for canoeing. They love it because of its pristine beauty, and they believe the attorney general, Jay Nixon, was correct when he petitioned the Secretary of the Interior to preserve this area and to stop it from being used for lead mining.  This is Federal public land that a private company, a lead mining company, wants to come in and mine for profit. The Interior Department has the authority to say no, it is important environmentally and we should not allow this kind of commercial use. That is what they would do were it not for the amendment being offered by the Senator from Missouri.  The Senator from Missouri, Mr. Bond, wants to remove the authority of the Department of the Interior to protect the Mark Twain National Forest from lead mining. Is this a popular concept? It probably is with some companies. Not only the attorney general of Missouri but the Governor of Missouri has written protesting this action being taken by this Bond amendment.  Governor Mel Carnahan from Jefferson City, MO, has written and said:       I believe you will agree the watersheds of the Current,      Jacks Fork and Eleven Point rivers are among the most      beautiful and pristine areas of Missouri. These crystal clear      streams are great recreational assets which should be      protected for future generations to enjoy.  He goes on to say:       The environmental risk of lead mining and potential for      toxic contamination of these pristine waterways are well      understood. The Interior Secretary's authority to      protect sensitive public lands should be preserved.  He says to my colleague from Missouri:       I respectfully request you withdraw your amendment.  But that amendment has not been withdrawn. It will be voted on tomorrow.  I can say further there are groups across Missouri that oppose this invasion of a pristine area, a watershed of the Mark Twain National Forest, for the purpose of lead mining. The St. Louis Post Dispatch, the largest newspaper in the State, has editorialized against this and has said, frankly, that this is an effort to allow this company to come in and mine an area which is of critical importance to the people of Missouri.  The Kansas City Star, an equally influential paper, has come to the same conclusion that the Bond amendment is a mistake, a mistake which threatens the watersheds of the crystal clear streams of the Current, Jacks Fork, and Eleven Point Rivers.  For those who believe this lead mining operation is somehow antiseptic and will not leave a legacy, I say they are wrong, and the scientific studies have proven that. We know what is going to happen if we allow these companies to come in and mine lead in this beautiful area. We know the potential for contaminating the streams. We know the potential for leaving behind the waste from their mining operations.  Some might argue that it is worth it because it creates jobs, and yet study after study reaches the opposite conclusion.  This is primarily a tourist area, a recreational area recognized all around the Midwest. To defile it with lead mining to create a handful of jobs for mining purposes is to jeopardize the attraction of this area for literally thousands of people in the Midwest and across the Nation. That is why it is such a serious mistake. I daresay if this amendment had been offered on an ordinary bill, there would have been a long line of people to come in and testify, not only environmentalists whooppose the Bond amendment, but certainly those who are in authority in the State of Missouri, Governor Mel Carnahan, Attorney General Jay Nixon, as well as many other groups of ordinary citizens who believe this is a national treasure that should not be defiled so one company can make a profit.  On the spending bill for the Department of the Interior, this is another one of the environmental riders designed to benefit a private interest at the expense of American taxpayers who own this public land, at the expense of families who enjoy this recreational area, at the expense of people who look forward to a weekend on the Current River because of its beauty.  Frankly, this is a big mistake, and I hope the Senator from Missouri will have second thoughts before he calls it up for a vote tomorrow morning. I hope he will listen carefully to the leaders in the State, as well as the environmental groups, who are standing up for one of the most precious resources in Missouri.  I hope he will join them in saying the Mark Twain National Forest and the watershed of these great rivers are worth protecting, worth preserving, and should not be allowed to be invaded by a lead mining company that wants to come in and mine on Federal public lands at the expense of this great national resource.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gorton). The Senator from Oregon.  