 Mr. President, this is the heart of the debate. This is what the Patients' Bill of Rights is all about. The insurance companies hate the idea of being sued in court as the devil hates holy water. They do not want to be held accountable for their actions. They want to be protected so they can make the wrong decision when it comes to medical care for American families and never be held accountable.  The amendment being offered on the Republican side is an effort to take away from 123 million Americans the right to hold health insurance companies accountable. That is the bottom line: 123 million Americans will be denied an opportunity to go to court when a health insurance company makes a decision which costs them their health or their life.  Most people are stunned to know that you cannot take a health insurance company to court. Since 1974, a Federal law has protected health insurance companies from being sued.  What does that mean? When your doctor wants a certain procedure, a certain medicine, a certain specialist for your good or the good of your family, and that doctor is overruled by a health insurance company bureaucrat, the doctor is the only one who will be taken to court, not the health insurance company.  If we pass nothing else in this Patients' Bill of Rights but this section which says health insurance companies will be held accountable in court, it would be a major victory for America. I trust the judgment of 12 citizens of this country in a jury box to decide the fairness and legality of an issue. Obviously, the Republican side does not. They do not want the health insurance companies to go to court. They do not want them to face a jury. They do not want them to be held accountable.  This party, which parades and triumphs values and responsibility does not want to hold the health insurance companies responsible in the most basic form of adjudication in our country: a jury of your peers.  Oh, they make a lot of arguments about, oh, we are just gilding the lily and feathering the nests of all these trial lawyers. That is not what it is all about. You know it and all America knows it.  The health insurance companies, with the Republican majority, are determined to stop 123 million Americans from ever having a day in court. Ever.  For the last 2 days, Senator Kennedy, Senator Reid, and all of my colleagues have brought stories to the floor--chilling, heartbreaking stories. Here is one. Florence Corcoran. Let me quote Florence Corcoran:       They let a clerk thousands of miles away make a life      threatening decision about my life and my baby's life without      even seeing me and overruled five of my doctors. They don't      get held accountable. And that's what appalls me. I relive      that all the time. Insurance companies don't answer to      nobody.  That is what Florence Corcoran says: ``Nobody knows about ERISA,'' this Federal law that protects health insurance companies.  If you are listening to the debate, you would think: Well, surely there must be a long roster of companies in America that receive the same kind of immunity from liability that cannot be brought to court. No. This is it, folks. This is the only sector of the American economy--maybe the only sector in America--that is going to be allowed to be held above the law.  The Republican majority and the health insurance industry are determined to protect their immunity from a lawsuit so that Florence Corcoran, when her life and the life of her baby were threatened by the decision of a health insurance company, can't even take that health insurance company to court.  The Senator from Alabama gets up and talks about: Oh, this legal system, it is so expensive. It takes so long. Let me tell you, when it is your life or the life of your baby, and this is the only place to turn, this is where you will turn. Yes, you will go to a lawyer because you are not wealthy, who will charge a contingency fee, meaning if he wins he gets paid; if he loses, he does not. That is part of the American system.  How many times, day in and day out, do we hear about these cases--simple, ordinary Americans, living their life, doing what they are suppose to do, paying their taxes, going to work every day. They get caught up in a situation where someone's negligence or wrongdoing hurts them. It could be an accident; it could be medical malpractice; it could be a decision by a company that was just plain doing wrong.  Where do you turn? You write a letter to your Senator. That isn't worth much, I will tell you. We will read it. We will write a reply. But if you want justice in America, then you have a chance to go in the court system. But the Republican majority says, no, close the door to America's families so that they cannot hold health insurance companies accountable in court.  For the last 2 days, we argued about all the outrages in these health insurance policies, that you can't go to the nearest emergency room when someone in your family is hurt, that you can't go to the specialist your doctor wants you to go to--the cases go on and on and on--and we try, item by item, to make these health insurance plans more responsive to the reality of life and more responsive to the medical needs of Americans.  But let me tell you this. All of those amendments, all of those votes notwithstanding, this is the bottom line. This will change the mentality of these health insurance companies that say no, because they are driven by the ambition for greed and profit, say no over and over, regardless of the outcome.  The Cortes family from Elk Grove Village, IL, their tiny little baby, Rob, who is now 1 year old, has spinal muscular atrophy. For a year they tried to keep their family together with this little boy on a ventilator at home--on a ventilator at home. They have been fighting this disease, and every week they fight the insurance companies. Will they cover this care? Will they cover this drug? The battle goes on and on.  Mark my words--and I say this to my Republican colleagues--if that health insurance company knew their decisions would be judged by 12 of theirpeers, 12 American citizens, sitting in a jury box, I bet the Cortes family would get a lot better treatment. You know they would. They know they would be held accountable.  But the health insurance industry and the Republican majority does not want the 123 million Americans to ever have a day in court when it comes to these health insurance decisions. Their arguments are as weak as they can be.  The State of Texas passed a patients' bill of rights. They said you could take the health insurance company to court for certain insured people in Texas. You would think, from the arguments on the Republican side, that the sky fell on Texas 2 years ago. It did not happen. You know how many lawsuits have been filed since this law was enacted, a law which Governor Bush vetoed, but the legislature overrode his veto? Three lawsuits--three lawsuits in 2 years. Does that sound as if we are flooding the courts?  But I will tell you something. In that State, for those who are protected by that law, I will bet you there has been a change in the way they do business.  Let me give you a quote from a health insurance executive. This is from the Washington Post.       . . . currently, ``We would charge the same premium to a      customer with the ability to sue as we do to those who do not      have the ability to sue.''. . .  This is from Aetna. Have you picked up the Washington Post lately? Two-page ads every day begging us not to vote for the Patients' Bill of Rights--Aetna sponsors them, full-page ads. But their spokesman said:       Why? Those judgments to date have been a very small      component of overall health care costs.  That is what Mr. Walter Cherniak, Jr. of Aetna said.  So the argument that this was going to flood the courts did not happen. It did not happen in Texas. As to the argument that it is going to raise premiums, according to a man who does this for a living, it makes no difference in the premium charged for those insured who have the right to sue and those who do not.  Take a look at some of the numbers that have come out in terms of the estimated costs of increases in premiums if there is a right to sue. How much is it going to go up? The Republicans argue it is going to skyrocket. The Congressional Budget Office estimated the impact on premiums to be 1.4 percent; Multinational Business Services, less than 1 percent; Muse and Associates, a private firm, they say .2 percent.  Is it worth a quarter a month to you as an American with a health insurance policy to have the right to go to court when it is your baby's life?  