President.  Today we are here to talk about the appropriations for the District of Columbia, a special city--the Nation's Capital--and our constitutional responsibility to oversee it.  As the Senator from Texas has already said, a substantial portion of tax dollars is involved in the D.C. budget, and for that reason and others, historically and legally, Congress has accepted the responsibility to oversee the budget of the District of Columbia. About 8 percent of the funds the District spends come from the Federal Government. As a result, we assume a responsibility in managing this city unlike any other city in America.  I have been puzzled over the years as I have dealt with this challenge about how many Members of Congress--House and Senate--who have never given a thought to running for mayor or city council anxiously play that role when it comes to the District of Columbia. I think that is unfortunate. I believe in home rule.  I have had some serious misgivings about policy changes made by the District of Columbia City Council--for instance, when it comes to tax cuts--but I have made those public. I have gone no further in this bill because I think it is their decision to make.  I also want to say at this moment that it has been a pleasure to work with my colleague from Texas, Senator Hutchison. It is the first time we have been in this role together in her position as the Chair of the subcommittee and mine as the minority spokesman. She has been honest, open, and professional in our dealings. Though we disagree on many issues, it has been a pleasure to work with her on this.  I also want to compliment her staff, Mary Beth Nethercutt and Jim Hyland for their cooperation.  I salute as well those on my side--Terry Sauvain, who is not only the minority clerk for this bill but who also serves as the minority deputy staff director for the Appropriations Committee. Our good friend and colleague, Senator Robert Byrd, was kind enough to lend Terry for our effort. And without him, we wouldn't be here today.  I also want to thank Marianne Upton, a member of my personal staff, who has been working on this tirelessly since we received this assignment.  Let me say a word or two about some others who are not members of the Senate staff but deserve recognition. My former House colleague, Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton has worked tirelessly for the District of Columbia. And a difficult job she has. Not being a voting Member of the House of Representatives, she has to use the powers of persuasion to be an advocate for the people of this city. I admire her greatly for the leadership she has shown. I also note that she opposes this conference report before us, as do many of the leaders in the District of Columbia.  Finally, let me say a word about the new Mayor. I have the greatest hope for this Mayor. I think he is an exceptional individual. I have known him for years in our professional relationship on Capitol Hill. He marks a real change in pace in the District of Columbia. I think he has done a great job to date with a very difficult assignment. I havethe greatest hope that he will continue and be very successful in those efforts to make our Nation's Capital a source of pride for everyone in America.  When people come to the District of Columbia to visit as tourists, or from other countries, there are certain impressions they leave with. The beautiful buildings of our Nation's Capital, perhaps the workings of our Government, but, of course, an image of the city. I am sorry to say that image is not always positive. I have cautioned people from Illinois and members of my family when they visit the District of Columbia to be careful. There is a lot of crime here, a lot of violent crime. You have to take care where you might not at home. That is not to say this is the most dangerous city. That would be an overstatement. But it is an urban city with many urban crime problems. Frankly, I think we can and should do a better job in impressing them.  I also have to concede that there are problems in the District of Columbia that may not be obvious. But they go to the heart of these riders that have been put on the District of Columbia appropriations bills. Let me tell you what has happened.  Republican Members of Congress unable or unwilling to impose changes in legislation in their own home States or on the Nation use these appropriations bills as the happy hunting grounds for every extreme viewpoint you can find. It is the last recourse for scoundrels who will not impose on their own cities and States changes in the law but will do it to the District of Columbia.  Time and time again, limitations put on the District of Columbia are not being imposed on other States across the Nation. Members of Congress think they have free reign; it is a playground to introduce any amendment to any issue they would like knowing the District of Columbia is almost powerless in this process. They are victims of this congressional excess.  That is why the President should veto this bill and say to the Republican leadership and those on the Democratic side who have joined them that enough is enough. These riders are unfair to the people of the District of Columbia. Let me give you an example.  You may visit Washington, DC, and be impressed with many things. You probably would not know unless you were told that the District of Columbia faces a severe crisis. It has the highest rate of new HIV infections and deaths due to AIDS in the Nation. It is more than seven times the national average right here in Washington, DC.  Exhaustive scientific studies that have been underway by the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and others, have concluded that some programs can help to reduce the spread of AIDS and HIV in the District of Columbia.  One of those programs, controversial as it is, is a needle exchange program. This bill bans the District of Columbia from using any funds, Federal or local, to operate a program for needle exchange. To make it even worse, it says any entity which carries out such a program using private money is barred from eligibility for any Federal funding for any purpose.  I will tell you, there are 113 needle exchange programs across America. In virtually every instance they not only reduce the incidence of AIDS but they reduce the incidence of drug addiction.  I sat in that conference committee as my fellow colleagues in that conference said piously: We don't want to see this in the District of Columbia. I produced a map showing that many of these same Congressmen represent cities across America with similar programs and have never voted to bar or prohibit but they do in the District of Columbia where we have such a terrible epidemic of HIV and AIDS. That is sad.  Seventy-five percent of the babies born with HIV in the District of Columbia are due to the use of dirty needles by either their mother or their father. The District of Columbia has the highest rate of new HIV infections in the country. And yet we would put this provision in the law to stop even a modest effort to reduce this epidemic. I think that is awful. For that reason alone, I hope the President will veto this bill. But there are others.  There is also a ban in this bill to stop the use of any funds to implement a locally enacted law allowing District of Columbia employees to purchase health insurance or take family and medical leave to care for a domestic partner. The bill unfairly singles out the District of Columbia, discriminating against law-abiding citizens who happen to be unmarried but cohabitating.  Over 67 State and local governments, 95 colleges and universities, almost 70 of the Fortune 500 companies, and at least 450 other companies and not-for-profits and unions offer these same benefits. Not one Member of Congress is proposing to stop these programs anywhere other than the District of Columbia. That is basically unfair.  On the question of voting representation, another rider precludes the District of Columbia from using any funds, Federal or local, to finance a court challenge aimed at securing voting rights in the District of Columbia. This effectively means that the lawyers for the District of Columbia are prohibited from even reviewing legal documents on the question. I cannot imagine a Member of Congress or the Senate imposing a similar limitation on any municipality or unit of local government in their own State.  On the medical use of marijuana, I know it is controversial, but let me name some of the States which have decided if a doctor makes a decision that the operative chemical in marijuana is important for therapy, that it can be legal, if prescribed by a doctor. These States include the States of Washington, California, Oregon, Nevada, Alaska, and Arizona. All have voted for medical use of marijuana. Yet we have a situation where Members of Congress and the Senate have said to the District of Columbia: No, you cannot do the same. I think that is unfair.  There is a cap on attorney's fees in special education cases. If someone is trying to raise a child with a serious learning disability and wants that child in a special ed program, we have provisions in the law across America in terms of access to those programs and who will pay for the attorney's fees. It is only in the District of Columbia that some Members of Congress want to limit the amount paid to those attorneys to no more than $1,300 per case. It is basically unfair to do it only in the District of Columbia. The same Congressmen and Senators would never impose that limitation on their own States and districts.  My friends, those and many others are riders which I find objectionable. They are clear evidence of excess on the part of the conferees--primarily on the House side--who have insisted on keeping these provisions in place. I am going to vote against this bill. I refuse to sign the conference report. To my knowledge, I don't believe any Democratic Member did. Perhaps one did, I may be mistaken. For the most part, the Democrats decided this bill went entirely too far.  One thing I put in this bill which I hope will have some benefit if ultimately the President vetoes it and this provision survives is a requirement that the District of Columbia city council and mayor report to Congress on some very basic things which we think need to be addressed in the District of Columbia. The District of Columbia has decided they have so much money they will give away $59 million in tax cuts next year. They have declared a dividend in a city with a high murder rate, in a city with terrible public health services, a city overrun with rats in the street, and a city where the schools are deplorable. Despite all of these things, they have said: We have too many dollars. We are going to give them away, give them back, $100 to a family.  I think it is more important that families in the District of Columbia have protection in their homes, protection in their neighborhoods, that visitors to the city feel safe on the streets; that enough policemen are hired, and others are brought in to make certain that security is there. They are caught up in the notion that a $100 tax cut for each family will transform the District of Columbia. I think they should get to the basics first.  That is why I requested a quarterly report from the District of Columbia to Congress on very basic things, including the reduction in crime, providing the basic city services, the application and management of Federal grants,and most importantly, to deal with the problem that children in the District of Columbia have been graded by many foundations as being worse off than any children in the United States of America.  When it comes to the basics, low-birthweight babies, infant mortality, child death rate, rates of teen death, teen birth rates, these things, unfortunately, the District of Columbia is doing worse on than any other State in the Nation. Wouldn't it be better to take some of the $59 million tax cut and put it back for the benefit of these children? I hope this quarterly report will demonstrate that the mayor and city council have proven me wrong. If they have, I will gladly concede.  In the meantime, I urge my colleagues on the Democratic side to oppose this legislation, to vote no on this appropriations bill, to urge the Republican leadership to give a clean bill, send it to the President so it can be signed, and the District can continue in their efforts to reform this government.  I yield the floor.  