The cost of this amendment, offered by Senator Hutchison, to the taxpayers of America is $66 million. The amount of money the taxpayers have lost to date is $88 million.  With both amendments, if this amendment prevails today, America's taxpayers will lose $154 million which these oil companies were required to pay for the purpose of drilling oil on public land, oil which, of course, has generated great profits for them and their companies.  This observation, that these companies have not paid their fair share for the royalties, has been backed up by lawsuits. States which receive the benefits of some of these royalty dollars have turned around and sued these oil companies and said they are not paying what they are required to pay under the law. In State after State, we have seen the oil companies basically concede, yes, we are underpaying the royalties we owe taxpayers.  Take a look at these recent oil undervaluation settlements. State by State: Alaska, $3.7 billion; Louisiana, $400 million; California, $345 million; Texas, $30 million. In all, we have collected $5 billion these oil companies have underpaid, their statutory obligation to pay royalties on this land.  For the proponents of this amendment to argue that it is fundamentally unfair to require private oil companies to pay these royalties and that these formulas for payment are unfair is to ignore the reality that time and time again, when the oil companies have been challenged, they have been found guilty of having cheated the taxpayers out of the fair share of money they were supposed to pay.  The Hutchison amendment says we will not change this formula; we will not update it; we will not hold these oil companies accountable. We will say to the Department of the Interior: Walk away from it; let the oil companies make the profit they want; do not let the taxpayers receive the fair compensation to which they are entitled.  A lot of this money, incidentally, that goes to States is used for purposes which are absolutely essential. One of them is education. What is $66 million worth in terms of education? That is how much this amendment will cost the Federal Treasury and how much it will leave in the hands of the oil companies. What can one do with $66 million?  By Federal standards, people say: Don't you people deal in billions? What does $66 million mean?  With $66 million, you can hire 1,000 teachers. You can put 44,000 new computers in classrooms. You can buy textbooks for 1.2 million students. You can provide 53 million hot lunches for schoolchildren.  Mr. President, $66 million may be small change by some Senators' standards, but when it comes to running schools and providing good education, it turns out to be a very important part of the component of meeting our obligation.  Also, this has been an issue which has received a lot of attention. In fact, one of the articles which I think is extraordinary came from a publication which I rarely would run into, but it is Platt's Oilgram News. I cannot say as I have ever read it or subscribed to it.  On Thursday, July 22, 1999, a retired employee from ARCO, one of the major oil companies involved in this debate, said that his company deliberately underpaid the oil royalties to the Federal Government. This was not a miscalculation. This was not an accidental occurrence. A calculated decision was made by the oil company to shortchange America's taxpayers by refusing to pay the royalties required by law because they felt that some day they may be sued as a result of that decision and they would just as soon hold on to the money, declare it as profit, make interest on it, and run a risk they would have a lawsuit and a day of reckoning sometime in the future.  This gentleman, Mr. Anderson, is quoted at length in the article:       I was an ARCO employee, he said. Some of the issues being      discussed were still being litigated. My plan was to get to      retirement. We had seen numerous occasions, the nail that      stood up getting beat down.       . . .The senior executives of ARCO had the judgment that      they would take the money, accrue for the day of judgment,      and that's what we did. I would not have been there in any      capacity had I continued to exercise the right they had given      me to dissent to this process during the discussion stage.      But once we made our decisions, ranks closed . . . I did not      get to be a manager and remain a manager being oblivious and      blind to signals.  A calculated corporate decision to underpay the Federal Government: Leave the money in the bank and earn interest on it and wait to be sued.  So the Hutchison amendment basically says: The Department of the Interior should ignore this, ignore the fact that oil companies are basically cheating the taxpayers out of the money to which they are entitled.  Recently there was a lawsuit filed, which the Senator from California brought to my attention, that raised the question of this effort by the oil companies. They came up, in that lawsuit, with what they call the seven schemes by which these oil companies were basically cheating America's taxpayers:  No. 1, misrepresenting the actual value received for oil;  No. 2, buying and selling crude oil at values less than what would have been received in an arm's length transaction;  No. 3, selling oil to their affiliates to mask the true value;  No. 4, claiming an artificially low value for oil refined by the company itself;  No. 5, falsely classifying high-valued sweet oil as lower-priced sour crude oil;  No. 6, paying royalties on the basis of lower-valued oil, then commingling it with higher-valued and selling it as high-quality oil;  No. 7, claiming payment of certain fees on commingled oil when such fees were never paid.  Those are schemes that have been used by these oil companies to avoid paying the royalty they are required to pay under law.  They want to drill on public lands. They want to make a profit. They do not want to pay back to America the cost we have incurred in allowing them to take this oil from the land. They have been caught time and time again with their hands in the cookie jar.  The Hutchison amendment says: We are not going to pursue these oil companies any further. We are going to say to the Department of the Interior: You cannot enforce the law. You cannot enforce the requirement that these oil companies pay their fair share in royalties.  There are many special interests at work on Capitol Hill. I would be the first to admit it, having served here for 17 years. This is one of the more blatant examples I have seen, where companies have basically come in and said: We want to be exempt from the law.  The Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer, has fought a valiant fight to bring this issue to public attention. Time after time, publications across America, which have taken a look at this issue, have reached the conclusion that the Senator from California is right and this amendment is wrong.  In the USA Today--and this is from last year; same issue, same type of amendment--the editorial is entitled ``Time to clean up Big Oil's slick deal with Congress.'' Let me read just a few words here from the USA Today editorial of August 26, 1998:       Imagine being able to compute your own rent payments and      grocery bills, giving yourself a 3% to 10% discount off the      market price. Over time, that would add up to really big      bucks. And imagine having the political clout to make sure      nothing [ever] threatened to change that cozy arrangement.       According to government and private studies, that's the      sweet deal the oil industry is fighting to protect: the      right to extract crude oil from public land and pay the      government not the open market price but a lower ``posted      price''--based on private deals--  The schemes I mentioned earlier--     the oil companies can manipulate for their own benefit.  They go on to talk about the fact that it is no secret that these oil companies are big players in Washington. They make contributions to Members of Congress. And, of course, when the time comes, they expect at least a day in court, if not some help, when their issues come to the floor. This is a classic illustration.  It just strikes me as odd that companies that otherwise enjoy positive reputations are willing to fight so viciously to protect what has been unmasked as a scheme to defraud America's taxpayers.  In the scheme of things, if this 5 percent of the major oil companies paid $66 million more a year to the Federal Treasury, can you believe that would affect their bottom line? I do not think the money is what is at stake here. I think what is at stake is the attitude, the attitude of these companies thatwe have no right as Members of the Senate to defy their scheme and to say that the American taxpayers deserve a fair shake, that the American taxpayers deserve better.  They believe, as some do in this body, that these public lands are there as a disposable product to be used up, if necessary, and discarded, that future generations be damned. That is the philosophy they follow.  That troubles me greatly because I know that Republicans and Democrats alike understand that the law should be followed, understand that private citizens and families and businesses are required to follow the law as much as anyone, and, frankly, that even though we have a good economy, getting away from the days of deep deficits, we still have the need for money in our Treasury for valuable purposes such as, for example, education.  One of the things we will debate in the closing weeks of this session is whether or not this Senate, by the time we adjourn, will be able to point to anything we have accomplished in the field of education.  When the session started, the leaders on the Republican side, who are in control of the House and the Senate, made important speeches about how critical education was in the priorities of this Congress. Yet I will tell you, quite honestly, if we held a gun to the head of any Member of Congress and said, I am going to pull the trigger unless you can tell me something this Congress has done to help American families improve education, I would have to tell them, fire away, because we have done nothing.  This is an illustration, that we would walk away from $66 million, a portion of which goes back to the States for education, at a time when we realize there are critical priorities in education all across America. Our schools are becoming antiquated. They do not have the modern technology they need. We know more and more kids are on the horizon. They are going to be showing up and enrolling in schools. So the demands are there for education to be improved in every State, and certainly in Federal programs.  Why the Hutchison amendment would want to take away what the Federal Treasury is entitled to receive for the oil companies drilling on public lands, taking that money away, shortchanging education, is beyond me. It is beyond me.  Certainly we can have a spirited debate about whether we want to increase taxes for given purposes. We have had that debate. I know it is one that is contentious. But this isn't about a new tax; this is about existing law that requires these oil companies to pay their tax, their royalty, for drilling oil. For some reason, certainly a large number of the Members of the Senate believe these oil companies should be able to walk away scot-free and not accept this obligation.  The Los Angeles Times editorial of July 20, 1999, characterized this effort, this amendment, the Hutchison amendment, and this scheme as ``The Great American Oil Rip-Off.'' I quote the first paragraph:       America's big oil companies have been ripping off federal      and state governments for decades by underpaying royalties      for oil drilled on public lands. The Interior Department      tried to stop the practice with new rules, but Congress has      succeeded in blocking their implementation--  With this amendment that is before the Senate today--     and will again if a Senate bill calling for a moratorium on      the new rules, proposed by Senators Hutchison and Pete      Domenici of New Mexico and scheduled for a floor vote . . .      is enacted.  Let me read this paragraph:       Not since the Teapot Dome scandal of the 1920s has the      stench of oil money reeked as strongly in Washington as it is      in this case.  This amendment, frankly, brought to the floor may enjoy the support of a majority of Members and I am sure will enjoy the plaudits and praise of the oil companies benefited by it.  