President, I rise in opposition to this amendment. In a way, I am grateful this amendment has come to the floor. I think this Senate should go on record: Will we decide to go on the course suggested by Senator Ashcroft of Missouri and Senator Smith of New Hampshire and say there will be no funding of the arts in America, that we have decided now at this moment in our history that we will walk away from governmental assistance to the artists across America who are starting out and trying to develop their own skills?  I think that is an important question. I know as well as those listening to the debate that over the last 10 or 12 years there has been a lot of controversy about the National Endowment for the Arts. There have been some controversial grants, grants for art projects which I personally found reprehensible.  The bottom line is, it is as wrong to condemn the National Endowment for the Arts because of one or two grants as it is to condemn any Member of the Senate for one or two votes. Each Member can make a mistake. Each Member can do something unpopular. Each Member can do the wrong thing in the eyes of the public. Yet to condemn Members as individuals is just not fair, just, or American. Nor is it fair for Members to condemn the National Endowment for the Arts for things that were done many years ago.  Over the last several years, it has been my good fortune to be a nonvoting member of the National Council of the Arts, meeting every 6 months to review the applications for assistance to the NEA. Several Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives have shared in that responsibility. It has been an eye-opener to sit as I have with men and women from across America and to consider those who come to the National Endowment for the Arts asking for assistance.  Listening to the speeches on the floor, one would think that these are people who come in with some grand political agenda or they are looking for some big government seal of approval. That is not the case at all. By and large, these are creative people looking for an opportunity. Some of the opportunities which they have presented as a result of the National Endowment for the Arts are amazing in their scope.  Think of the impact if we eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts. Let me tell Members about one particular program. I am sorry the Senator from Missouri cannot hear this because I think he would appreciate it since he was born in the city of Chicago. I think he would understand the importance of this program.  In my home State of Illinois there is a program called the Merit Music Program. The Merit Music Program is an exceptional effort inspired by one lady who decided that she would try to reach down to the poorest schools in the city of Chicago and find those kids who had music potential. What she has done over the years is to literally bring in hundreds of kids each year who learn how to play a musical instrument. These are kids who live in some of the poorest housing in Chicago, and their most prized possession will be a violin, a clarinet. They will develop musical skills.  Each year, I try to attend their recital on Saturday while kids from kindergarten on up play their musical instruments. It is an amazing performance from kids who come from the poorest families. It is a performance that is made possible by the National Endowment for the Arts.  These kids get a chance to learn to play a musical instrument. One might say, well, that is a nice hobby; what can it mean? When we follow these kids through their music education, what do we find? Every single one of these kids goes to college. These kids, given a chance at artistic expression, not only have wonderful fulfillment, they have ambition. They decide they can rise above what they have seen around them in their neighborhoods. That is what art and music can do.  I am almost at a loss for words--which is something to say for a Senator--when I hear those on the other side of the aisle stand and say: Well, what good is this? Why would we do this? Why would we encourage this?  In downtown Chicago we have a block that has become known as Gallery 37. In the Loop in Chicago it stands out. It is ultimately going to be developed by some big company, I am sure. Over the last several years, we have decided that Gallery 37 will be an artistic opportunity for kids all across Chicago, kids who can show their artistic wares, who can learn skills in art, and perhaps even be trained for jobs in art. It really has become a magnificent undertaking of that community that reaches out all across Chicago. The rich, the poor, the black, the white, the brown, all come together--Gallery 37, National Endowment for the Arts.  If you go home to your community in your State, whatever it might be, I guarantee you will find the recipients of the grants from the National Endowment for the Arts are not some people living in these ivory towers but, rather, the folks living in your community. Does your city have a local symphony orchestra? My guess is, if not this year, then at some year in the past, the National Endowment for the Arts has helped that symphony orchestra. Does your school system have an art program that encourages kids and moves them along? Many of those programs across America receive assistance from the National Endowment for the Arts.  The National Endowment for the Arts last year received $98 million out of a Federal budget of about $1.7 trillion. We took $98 million to give to the National Endowment for the Arts. That is a lot of money; I will concede that point. In the context of the big Federal budget, though, it is a very tiny piece. But it is a piece of Federal spending that is used to encourage artistic creation and expression.  Of what value is that expression to those of us who are simply art consumers? Let me tell you a personal story. My mother was an immigrant to this country. She came at the age of 2 from Lithuania with her mother and grew up in East St. Louis, IL. She made it to the eighth grade, and that is when she had to stop and go to work as a switchboard operator at a telephone company. She raised me and my two brothers, and she was a woman who was always trying to learn and to appreciate things. I would like to tell the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Ashcroft, she used to put us in the family car on a Sunday afternoon and we would go across the bridge to the St. Louis Art Museum, and my mother and I would walk through there looking at paintings. Frankly, she had no knowledge of art, but she knew what she liked and appreciated. How many Sunday afternoons we walked through there and I looked at those paintings. As a kid, I was totally bored. As I got a little older, I came to appreciate them. But here she was, a simple woman, immigrant woman, a blue-collar worker, who thought it was important her son see art and what it stands for.  So when I hear the arguments made that this is unfair to blue-collar workers across America, to ask them to take a tiny fraction of their Federal taxes and devote it to the arts, I think those critics miss the point. Visit museums on The Mall here in Washington or in any city across America, and I guarantee you will see a cross-section of American life, the rich and the poor, the educated and the uneducated, all appreciating what art can bring to our lives. This is not something for which we should apologize. It is something we should be proud of. The legacy we will leave in America for future generations is not just a legacy of concrete and steel; it is a legacy of art as well.  Those who visit countries around the world, wherever they may be, usually stop first at the art museums because they want to see the collections. It says something about the value of art when it comes to civilization. To think we would take a step backwards on the floor of the Senate today and decide we will no longer, after years and years, provide assistance and money for the arts is unthinkable. It is unthinkable. In a way, I appreciate the opportunity to have this amendment. Let's have a record vote. Let's see how many people here want to join a group which basically says that the United States of America, with all of its richness, with all of its diversity, cannot afford $98 million to encourage the arts.  Let me tell you about another art project that received a decoration, an award from the National Endowment for the Arts. It is called Street Level Art, and it is an amazing thing. It is in the city of Chicago again. Two young men who worked for advertising agencies decided they just didn't quite like going to work 9 to 5 every day. They wanted to do something more. So they gathered together equipment from people who were getting new versions of computers and videotape machines and the like. They put it in a little storefront on Chicago Avenue, and they invited kids from junior high and high school across Chicago to come after school to learn how to make documentary films and to do animation for cartoons.  I met a young lady there who lived on the south side of Chicago who literally had to take three buses after school to get to the Street Level Art Program, but she was so excited at the prospect of developing her skills, her creativity in art. This is another group that received an award from the National Endowment for the Arts. For Senators to come to the floor and say get Government out of this business is to basically say do not get the seed money to Street Level, don't give the seed money to Gallery 37, don't give the seed money to Merit music. If we did, if we said we are going to close the door and turn out the lights on Government involvement for the arts, would we be a better nation for that? I do not think so.  I think, frankly, the National Endowment for the Arts has done an excellent job. It has learned some valuable political lessons over the last several years. It is unfortunate the sponsors of this amendment do not concede that point and they cannot join the other Members of the Senate to come with me to these meetings twice a year to see what is involved because not only education programs but children's festivals, literary programs, orchestras, museums, dance companies, all receive a helping hand from this National Endowment for the Arts.  I see Senator Sessions from Alabama on the floor here. He has joined me at meetings of the National Endowment. The President has proposed a program. It is called ``Challenge America.'' A point made by Senator Sessions at one of our meetings, and a valid one, was that the National Endowment for the Arts should reach out into communities which have not traditionally been served and helped by the National Endowment, and they are doing that. I think that is the right thing to do because we can encourage artistic expression in the rural areas of Alabama and the rural areas of Illinois. I think we will be better for it.  Unfortunately, this bill does not provide a great deal of funding for that, but the bottom line is that it is a concept we should pursue in this country. As it stands, this is still in the concept stage, but it is an important concept, particularly when it comes to educating and reaching out to young people at risk of dropping out of school or becoming delinquent or abusing drugs.  We spend so much time here on the floor wrestling with problems that American families are worried over, not the least of which was the shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton, CO. We are trying to read and study and speak among ourselves and say: What is going on in the minds of these children that they would become so violent, grab a gun, and shoot at their classmates?  Even though I am a parent and proud of the three children my wife and I raised, and our grandchild, I do not consider myself a specialist in this area. But I do remember from my own life experience, watching my kids grow up, if you give a young person a chance for fulfillment, that young person sometimes will show you that chance has not been squandered and will make something good of it. Some of them will be the best students in the class. Others may not be great when it comes to grades, but they may turn out to be excellent artists or excellent musicians.  If we close down the NEA and turn out the lights, as this amendment suggests, we are turning out the lights on a lot of young children in America who just need an opportunity to express themselves, to prove themselves. Without that opportunity, they will certainly be frustrated; I hope not worse. But it really would be a loss for this Nation.  I sincerely hope this amendment is defeated, and I hope it is defeated overwhelmingly because I believe, in defeating this amendment, we will make it clear that when it comes to freedom of expression and encouragement of arts, even though our investment is relatively small in terms of the larger Federal budget, it is still important because it says what we are about in America. We are about encouraging diversity of opinion, encouraging artistic expression, encouraging our young people to fulfill themselves.  I hope my colleagues will join me in defeating this amendment, and I yield the floor.  