President, as part of last October's Omnibus Appropriations bill, a provision (Section 130) in the District of Columbia's FY 99 appropriations placed a $50 per hour/$1,300 per case cap on attorney's fees in cases brought under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) in the District.  In signing the bill, President Clinton singled out the cap in his remarks, calling it ``unacceptable'' and hepledged to eliminate the cap this year. However, it has again been included in this bill to fund the District. (Sec. 128)  This cap has made it virtually impossible for local special education attorneys to accept cases on contingency, which is required for indigent parents and court-supervised children. Attorneys are forced to demand retainers from these residents, which precludes low-income parents from obtaining legal representation at all. In the end, the poorest kids in the District receive inadequate services from DCPS.  Federal law under the IDEA provides for the recovery of reasonable attorneys' fees at market rates. IDEA was passed with the understanding that it applied to cases in all jurisdictions. Congress, however, has singled out the District of Columbia and in effect has singled out poor families and children who struggle to get even a basic education.  DCPS spends $165 million per year on about 12,000 special education students. The average per-pupil cost comes out to be $17,000 per year. One in 10 District students are in need of special education program services.  Yet, services rendered to these students are substandard at best. Disabled children wait months, and in some cases years, to have their special education needs evaluated by DCPS. Since DCPS doesn't have nearly enough special education programs to accommodate its students, students wait lengthy periods of time to be placed in an appropriate classroom setting where they can receive essential related services.  In order to get these deserving kids assessed, parents have had to resort to litigation to get their children the services the law allows them. The tangled system of DCPS is unnavigable without an experienced attorney and most parents can't afford to hire and retain counsel for their children.  So for years, lawyers have sued the system on behalf of thousands of children with physical, emotional or learning disabilities who have not received proper assessments or services. The school system is required to pay legal fees when the child's case prevails--which has occurred most of the time.  The Washington Times reported in March that DCPS has committed funds to hire eight private attorneys to defend the school system in special education cases. It is disconcerting that the District is willing to pay the prevailing rate to ``defense'' attorney's to oppose parents, but it claims it can't afford to pay the prevailing rate to attorneys to represent parents seeking to have their children assessed.  Three class action suits have been filed against DCPS and recently, two of those lawsuits were settled. Under the terms of the settlement, the school system has agreed to hold hearings or otherwise resolve the backlog of hearing requests, estimated at more than 700, by the end of summer. The backlog of some 400 unimplemented decisions will be cleared up in stages, with the goal of reaching compliance with all decisions and agreement by the end of the first semester of the 1999-2000 school year. One more class-action suit against the division remains unresolved.  In one of those cases, Federal District Court Judge Paul Friedman ruled on May 11 that:  $4 million assessed for failure to comply with past court orders ``has to be paid'';  The school system violated legal provisions by trying to apply the congressional cap on fees for work performed before the cap was set;  The school system must pay more than $400,000 to one law firm, Feldman, Tucker, Leifer, Fidell & Bank, which has been handling a class-action lawsuit for several years and has not been paid in more than a year; and  Nothing in the law prevents judges from awarding attorney fees in special-education cases that continue longer than the one-year cap imposed this year. The city would simply be liable to pay the rest next year, or whenever the cap is lifted [``The statute doesn't tell me I can't award more than $50 an hour. It tells you can't pay more that $50 an hour.'']  The special education problems are an embarrassment and need to be resolved. The school system has to address this and the kids are entitled to counsel and counsel deserve to be paid fairly and reasonably for their work and the time.  