President, I want to address the second issue before us, and one which is of grave concern in my home State of Illinois. It is the Agriculture appropriations bill.  It has been my high honor to serve on the agriculture appropriations subcommittee in both the House and the Senate. I have been party to some 13 different conferences. That is where the House and Senate come together and try to work out their differences.  I want to say of my chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Cochran, that I respect him very much. When I served in the House and he was a conferee, I believe that we always had a constructive dialog. There are important issues involving American agriculture. I was honored to be appointed to the same committee in the Senate, and I have respected him again for the contribution he has made as chairman of the committee.  But what happened to Senator Cochran in this conference shouldn't happen to anyone in the Senate. He was moving along at a good pace, a constructive pace, to resolve differences between the House and the Senate. Unfortunately, the House leadership turned out the lights, ended the conference committee, and said we will meet no more. What was usually a bipartisan and open and fair process disintegrated before our eyes. That is no reflection on the Senator from Mississippi. I have no idea what led to that. It occurred. It was clear that the problem was on the House side. We were making progress. We were making bipartisan decisions. The process broke down.  But with that said, I will vote for this bill, and reluctantly. I believe it will provide some relief for struggling farmers in our fragile farm economy.  The Illinois Department of Agriculture estimates that $450 million from the $8.7 billion agricultural relief package will directly benefit Illinois producers through receipt of 100 percent of the 1999 AMTA payments. I agree with the Senator from North Dakota. Using an AMTA payment is fraught with danger. I think it is an open invitation for every one of these investigative television shows to have fun at the expense of this bill and this decision process. When they find people who haven't seen a tractor in decades but have ownership of a farm receiving payments upward of $.5 million, they are going to say: I thought you were trying to help struggling farmers, not somebody with a trust account who has never been near a farm.  That may occur because we have chosen these AMTA payments. We should have done this differently. I think we are going to rue the day these payments are made and the investigationstake place. But these AMTA payments will be in addition to the more than $450 million already received by Illinois farmers this year to help them through this crisis.  I voted for the Freedom to Farm Act. I have said repeatedly that I did not believe when I voted for that farm bill that I was voting for the Ten Commandants. I believed that we were dealing with an unpredictable process. Farming is unpredictable. Farm policy has to be flexible. We don't know what happens to weather or prices. We have to be able to respond.  You have to say in all candor as we complete this fiscal year and spend more in Federal farm payments than ever in our history that the Freedom to Farm Act, as we know, has failed. It is time for us, on a bipartisan basis, to revisit it, otherwise we will see year after weary and expensive year these emergency payments.  Look at the Illinois farm economy. My State is a lucky one. We usually aren't the first to feel the pain. God blessed us with great soil and talented farmers and a good climate. But we are in trouble.  Farm income in Illinois dropped 78 percent last year to just over $11,000 a year. That is barely a minimum wage that farmers will receive. That is the lowest net income on farms in two decades.  Incidentally, if you are going to gauge it by a minimum wage, as the Presiding Officer can tell you, farmers don't work 40-hour workweeks. When they are out in the fields late at night and early in the morning, they put in the hours that are necessary. Yet they end up receiving the minimum wage in my State of Illinois. That is down from $51,000 in 1997. That was the net farm income per family in that year. Lower commodity prices and record low hog prices in particular are primarily to blame for this net farm income free fall in my home State.  The Illinois Farm Development Authority recently noted that the financial stress faced by Illinois farmers today is higher than it has been for 10 years. Activity in the authority's Debt Restructuring Guarantee Program is four or five times higher than last year. They have approved 7 to 10 loans per month in 1998. In 1999, the authority has been approving 30 to 40 debt restructuring loans per month--a 300-percent increase. This is a record level unmatched since the 1986-1987 farm crisis.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture has predicted that prices for corn, soybeans, and wheat will remain well below normal, and that farm income may drop again next near. Nationally, farm income has declined 16 percent since 1996.  On Saturday night in Springfield, IL, I went to a wedding reception and sat next to a friend of mine. I said: What is a bushel of corn going for now? He said $1.51. If you follow this, as they do every day in farm country, that is a disaster--$1.51 a bushel.  I said: How is your yield this year?  He said: It is up a little, but I can't make up for that decline in price.  That is what is coming together. That is the disaster in Illinois and in many places around the Nation.  The USDA is facing the largest farm assistance expenditure in its history. The Department of Agriculture processed 2,181 loan deficiency payments in 1997, about 2.1 million in 1998--1,000 times more--and they will work through a projected 3 million this year. Unfortunately, it appears that this crisis is going to drag on in the foreseeable future further draining USDA's resources and reserves.  I am going to address separately the whole question of the Ashcroft-Dodd amendment because I think it is one that deserves special attention. But I want to say that though I did not sign this conference report because of the procedures that were followed, I hope that we don't repeat this process in the future. It really undermines the credibility of Congress and of the good Members such as the Senator from Mississippi and others who really do their best to produce a good bill when they turn out the lights and send us home, and then circulate a conference report that has never been seen until they put it before you for signature.  Once the Senate acts on the conference report, sends it to the President, our role in helping improve conditions in rural America does not end. We should explore other ways to help our farmers.  Let me say a word about the Ashcroft-Dodd amendment.  You may recall during the Carter administration when the Soviets invaded Afghanistan. President Carter announced an embargo on the Soviet Union--an embargo that became one of the single most unpopular things that he did. President Carter and the Democratic Party wore the collar for a decade or more that we were the party of food embargoes, of agricultural embargoes. Our opponents and critics beat it like a tin drum to remind us that it was our party that did that.  I think it should be a matter of record that a strong bipartisan suggestion from Republican Senator John Ashcroft of Missouri, and Senator Chris Dodd, a Democrat of Connecticut, that we stop food embargoes once and for all passed the Senate with 70 votes and then was defeated in that very same conference committee to which I referred. The bill we now have before us continues food embargoes. The sticking point apparently was that of the countries exempted from embargoes on food and medicine, specifically Cuba was to be excluded.  There are some Americans, many Cuban-Americans, who hate Castro with a passion for what he did to their country, their family, and their business, and believe we should punish him. He has been in power for over 40 years, and we imposed embargoes on his nation for food and medicine.  I have said on the floor and I will repeat again, in the 40 years I have seen photographs of Mr. Castro since we have embargoed exports of food to Cuba, I have never seen a photo of Mr. Castro where he appeared malnourished or hungry. The bottom line is, somehow he is pretty well fed. I bet he has access to good medicine. The people who are suffering are the poor people in Cuba and a lot of other countries. The people are suffering because we don't have the trade for American farmers. It is a policy that has not worked.  How did we open up eastern Europe? We opened it up by exposing the people who were living under communism to the real world of the West--free markets and democracy. They fled Moscow and that Soviet control as fast as they could. We have always thought we could isolate Cuba. I think exactly the opposite would end Castro's totalitarian rule--when the people in Cuba get an appetite for what is only 90 miles away in the United States, through trade, through expanded opportunities.  The Governor of the State of Illinois, George Ryan, a Republican Governor, has said he will take a trade mission to Cuba. I support him. I think the idea of opening up that kind of trade is the best way to quickly bring down any control which Castro still holds in that country.  When that amendment to end the embargo on food and medicine in six countries went to conference, the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives stopped it in its tracks. After we had voted on a bipartisan basis on the Senate side to move it forward, they stopped it in its tracks.  That is a sad outcome not just for the poor people living in the countries affected but for the United States to still be using food as a weapon with these unilateral embargoes on food and medicine. Yes, in the case of Cuba and many other countries, it is a policy which does harm a lot of innocent people. In Cuba, it is very difficult to get the most basic medicines. Are we really bringing Castro down by not providing the medicines that an infant needs to survive? Is that what the U.S. foreign policy is all about? I hope not.  Senator Ashcroft is right. Senator Dodd is right. We have to revisit this. I am sorry this bill does not include that provision. It is one that I think is in the best interests of our foreign policy and our future.  I hope the President will sign this conference report quickly and work with Congress to submit a supplemental request, taking into account the devastating financial crisis that continues in rural America. To delay further action on this would be a great disservice to the men and women who have dedicated their lives to production agriculture, a sector of the economy in which I take great pride in my home State of Illinois, and I am sure we all do across the United States.  I am extremely disappointed that this conference agreement removed the Ashcroft amendment that would have allowed food and medicine to be exported to countries against which we have sanctions. This amendment passed the Senate overwhelmingly after language was worked out carefully and on a bipartisan basis. I am especially disturbed that, after the conference stalled on this issue, just a few decided to withdraw this provision behind closed doors.  The sticking point was the idea of selling food and medicine to the people of Cuba--not to Iran, Iraq, or Libya. Cuba remains a Communist country whose leaders repress their people and commit serious abuses of human and political rights. We all agree on the goal of peaceful change toward democracy and a free market economy in Cuba. But continuing the restrictions on sending food and medicine to Cuba is the wrong way to accomplish this goal.  The report issued 2 years ago by the American Association for World Health, Denial of Food and Medicine: The Impact of the U.S. Embargo on Health & Nutrition in Cuba concluded that ``the U.S. embargo of Cuba has dramatically harmed the health and nutrition of large numbers of ordinary Cubans.'' The report went on to say:       The declining availability of foodstuffs, medicines and      such basic medical supplies as replacement parts for 30-year-     old X-ray machines is taking a tragic toll. . . . The embargo      has closed so many windows that in some instances Cuban      physicians have found it impossible to obtain lifesaving      machines from any source, under any circumstances. Patients      have died.  I would like to read part of a letter I got from Bishop William D. Persell from the Diocese of Chicago who relates his experiences in visiting villages outside of Havana. He says:       I was especially struck by the impact of the American      embargo on people's health. We saw huge boxes of expired pill      samples in a hospital. Other than those, the shelves of the      pharmacy were almost bare. We talked with patients waiting      for surgeries who could not be operated upon because the X-     ray machine from Germany had broken down. A woman at the      Cathedral was chocking from asthma for lack of an inhaler. At      an AIDS center, plastic gloves had been washed and hung on a      line to dry for re-use. The examples of people directly      suffering from the impact of our government's policy after      all these years was sad and embarrassing to see.  Many religious groups in the United States have called for the end of these restrictions, which the U.S. Catholic Conference, for example, has termed ``morally unacceptable.'' During Pope John Paul II's visit to Cuba last year, he noted that it is the poorest and most vulnerable that bear the brunt of these policies.  Hurting everyday people is not what this country is about. Such suffering attributed to our great nation is unconscionable. Even in Iraq, where stringent international sanctions have been imposed, there is an international ``oil for food'' program, which aims to be sure the Iraqi people have adequate nutrition. That program has not always been as successful as I had hoped, but we have not even tried similar relief for the Cuban people.  The burdensome and complex licensing procedures that Americans have to go through to get food and medicine to Cuba essentially constitute a ban on such products because of the long delays and increased costs. I applaud and welcome the changes the Clinton administration made following Pope John Paul II's visit to streamline the licensing procedures for getting these products to Cuba, but I'm afraid these changes are not enough. Although agricultural and medical products eventually have been licensed to go to Cuba through this lengthy and cumbersome process, much of it has not been sent. The licensing procedure itself discourages many from even trying to use it.  I believe that the suffering of the Cuban people because of these restrictions on food and medicine is counterproductive to our shared goal of democratization in Cuba. Castro gets to blame the United States, and not his own failed Communist policies, for the suffering and hardships of the Cuban people. The policy encourages a ``rally 'round the flag'' mentally, where people who otherwise might oppose Castro's regime hunker down and support the government in such trying economic circumstances portrayed as the fault of the United States.  There seems to be a consensus developing that food and medicine should not be used as a weapon against governments with which we disagree. Congress has supported lifting such sanctions against India, Pakistan, and even Iran. The people of Cuba should be treated no differently.  