We teach our children to respect the law. We try to make certain that they teach their children. It is that legacy which allows the administration of justice to succeed.  When people lose respect for the law, it doesn't take too many of them to turn on a system and break it down. This amendment being offered by Senator Wellstone is an effort to make certain that we have respect for the law here, respect for the equal administration of justice.  We cannot be impervious or blind to the obvious. The obvious is demonstrated by the statistics I have mentioned on the floor and those read by Senator Wellstone. I cannot believe in 1999, at this stage in the history of this great Nation, we are prepared in this piece of legislation to take a step back in time when it comes to progress toward racial harmony in America. If we are so foolish to do that, we risk respect for the administration of justice and respect for the law.  People who observe this system can't ignore the fact that disproportionate numbers of minorities are being incarcerated and treated unfairly. I stand, as I am sure the Senator from Minnesota does, in saying that I want those who break the law to answer for it. I want to live in a safe neighborhood. I want to live in a safe town. If the perpetrator of a crime is black, white, or brown, male or female, it is irrelevant. They should be treated under our system of justice fairly and the same.  But when we look at the end result of this system of justice and see this disproportionate confinement of minorities, are we to turn our backs on that? Are we to walk away from that? What do we do to this Nation and our system of laws if we do? We risk, I am afraid, a disintegration of a sense of community in America, a disintegration of respect for law. Then we all suffer, not just African Americans, but also Hispanic Americans, those of every color and hue and ethnic background.  So I support this amendment, an amendment that passed overwhelmingly in the House of Representatives. I hope it will be enacted as part of this legislation. I say, as the Senator from Minnesota has said, every Senator should take this amendment very, very seriously.  I yield back to the Senator.  