President, during the course of this 1 hour I will be yielding to other Members on this side of the aisle. We will be discussing a range of topics, primarily focusing on questions of education.  Let me say at the outset, Mr. President, last week I journeyed back to my home State of Illinois--a welcome interlude from our impeachment proceedings--to address issues which I consider to be very critical to the future not only of my State but this Nation. In the span of 4 days I visited a variety of communities and had nine different meetings with educators, teachers, administrators, students, parents, and interested people in the community to talk about the state of education. It was an eye-opener.  As we started to discuss education from a brand-new perspective, to throw out some of the assumptions and some of the rules, to take a look at education today, I found that there were three basic fallacies in educational thinking today which these educators understood and many in Congress do not. The first fallacy is the belief that children start to learn at age 6, and therefore, we have a social responsibility to put children in school at age 6.  Any parent will tell you, and certainly those who study the issue can confirm it, children start learning at a much earlier age. Teacher after teacher told me of students who showed up in kindergarten already far behind where they should be--students who had fallen behind because of family problems or the lack of family initiative or the lack of exposure to an educating environment. Of course, it took the teachers a long time to bring these kids up to speed. They challenged the premise, the assumption, that education starts at the age of 6.  When I asked my staff, incidentally, to research why we put kids in school at age 6, they couldn't find a reason. We looked at history. We asked the experts. They couldn't come up with a reason. The best we came up with is most kids can sit still at age 6, and in the old days that is what a classroom was all about--kids sitting still at their desks. It is not the modern threshold and should not be the threshold education of decision.  The second notion we challenged is the premise of the schoolday. Why on God's green Earth are students dismissed from school at 3 in the afternoon? Why? There was a day, of course, when they would go home to a parent or their parents, but the days of Ozzie and Harriet with cookies and milk waiting for the kids, I am afraid, are long gone. Most kids have no adult supervision. I am not surprised to find reports from those who know that kids, between the hours of 3 o'clock and the arrival of an adult for supervision at, say, 6 o'clock, are the kids most prone to get in trouble--kids who are involved in scrapes with the law, exposure to drugs, gang activity, teen pregnancy. These things are happening during unsupervised hours.  That is why when we discussed in our proposals on Capitol Hill afterschool programs, it is in the best interest of all of these children--those who are coming out of school who need remedial help, as well as those who are doing well in school and need enrichment.  The final point that came through loud and clear is that summer months with 3 months of vacation is something that we all look forward to as kids, but it doesn't make as much sense anymore. There was a time when kids needed the summer months off to go work on the farm. Not many kids do that anymore. Frankly, kids need an opportunity to do something constructive, positive, and supervised during the summer months, as well.  I am happy the democratic proposal on education addresses these three issues and addresses many others. At this point, I will yield to several of my colleagues who have joined me on the floor.  I see my colleague from California, Senator Boxer. I am happy you have joined in this discussion. I yield to the Senator as much time as she needs to express her thoughts on this issue.  