President, yesterday was a banner day on the floor of the Senate for the insurance industry. Three different amendments were considered, amendments which the insurance industry of America opposed. The first of those amendments said a woman could keep her OB/GYN as her primary physician no matter what the HMO said. The Republican majority and the insurance industry defeated that.  The second said you should have access to the emergency room closest to your home when you have a family emergency. That amendment was defeated by the insurance industry and the Republican majority.  The third amendment said if you have a dispute with your insurance company about coverage, we are truly going to have an independent panel decide who is right and who is wrong. That amendment was defeated by the insurance industry and the Republican majority.  They may be dancing in the board rooms and the canyons of K Street, but I can tell you the people of America understand this debate, and they know they lost on the floor of the Senate yesterday.  We are now debating an issue of equal importance. If you have a health insurance plan and your doctor says: You have a serious condition; we need to try a new drug; it has been approved by the FDA; it may work and it may not; in that situation many health insurance companies say: No, we will not pay for it because it is ``experimental.''  Have you walked into a convenience store in your hometown and seen those little canisters on the counter asking you to leave 50 cents or a dollar to help that local family pay for a medical bill they cannot afford? Many of these same people are paying for drugs, reimbursement for which was turned down by health insurance companies because the treatment was experimental. People literally on the brink of life or death, following doctors' orders, using FDA-approved drugs, have been turned down by these insurance companies.  Senator Dodd offers an amendment to protect our rights to use these drugs as doctors call for them to save our lives. The Republican majority and the insurance industry oppose it. We will face another vote today and another question as to whether American families will win or lose.  Last Sunday in Chicago, I met this little fellow in this picture. His name is Rob Cortez. He will melt your heart. He is about a year old. He suffers from spinal muscular atrophy. For a year, his family has been fighting to keep him alive, trying to keep their own courage together, trying to fight his disease, and every day fighting another insurance company decision that would turn off the ventilator which would be the end of his life. Imagine what that family goes through.  They had a drug that was prescribed by a doctor to fight infection in this poor little guy, and the insurance company said: No, it is experimental. We will not pay for it.  The battle goes on day after day in households across America. The Republicans can come to the floor with their cartoons and their slogans, but America's families understand this debate. What is at stake is our health and our health insurance. If people across America do not wake up to the reality of this debate, we are going to lose an opportunity to give piece of mind to families all across Illinois, all across the Nation, and to protect the lives of other vulnerable little kids. That is what the debate is all about.  I also want to make it clear that this clinical trial approach is cost-effective. Sloan-Kettering and M.D. Anderson have made it clear it is money saved.  I yield the floor.  