President, I thank the ranking Democrat on the committee, Senator Lautenberg from New Jersey, for his leadership. I also thank Senator Domenici for his leadership. We have disagreed, and in the course of my speech you will hear our areas of disagreement. My respect for him has not been diminished by those disagreements, and I continue to believe he is making a good-faith effort, as we all are, to come up with a responsible way to deal with our Federal budget in this challenging year. Oh, what a different challenge it is.  It was only 2 years ago on the floor of the Senate, we must recall, that we initiated the session by Senator Orrin Hatch, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, coming to the floor and stacking up over the top of his head all of the deficit-ridden budgets of the last 30 years. He pointed scornfully at these budgets and said, ``This Congress cannot contain itself and control its spending, and only with a constitutional amendment, the balanced budget amendment, giving to Federal judges and the courts the authority to stop Congress from spending, can we ever hope to reach the day where we will put deficits behind us and live in that wonderful land of milk and honey called surplus.''  Well, here we are 24 months later with no constitutional amendment, no balanced budget amendment, no new authority in the Federal courts to restrain congressional spending, and we are debating a surplus. Now, I will concede, as my colleague from Illinois mentioned earlier, that the surplus in the initial years we are discussing is a surplus in trust funds, particularly the Social Security trust fund.  What that means, of course, is that employers and employees across America are paying more into the Social Security program than is needed to pay out to the beneficiaries. The excess is being saved for the eventuality that people like myself--the baby boomer generation--will live long enough to go to the Social Security window and pick up a check. We want to make sure there is some money there not only for ourselves but for others. The question is, What to do with the remainder of the surplus? If we are going to dedicate 62 percent of any surplus in the future to the Social Security trust fund, what will we do with the rest?  That is what this budget resolution debate is all about, because it comes down to some very basic choices. As a family's budget is a series of choices, so the Nation's budget is a series of choices. The choices that have been made by the Republican majority in presenting their budget resolution are different than those of us on the Democratic side. We believe, as they do, that at least 62 percent of all of the surpluses in the near future should be dedicated to making sure that Social Security is solvent. Not good enough that the program will be solvent until the year 2032. We want to have an extended life beyond that.  Then we get into our areas of controversy--a significant controversy for American families--because we believe on the Democratic side that 15 percent of any surpluses should then be dedicated to reducing the debt in Medicare, the health insurance program for the aged and disabled, a program that is literally a lifeline--for 40 million Americans will go broke in the year 2008 if Congress does not act. The Democrats believe that we need to commit ourselves to Medicare solvency and, therefore, we seek in our budget resolution to dedicate 15 percent of future surpluses to Medicare.  On the other side of the ledger is a stark contrast, because the Republican budget resolution does not dedicate one penny--not one penny--to Medicare. Instead, they want the money to go toward tax cuts. There can't be two more appealing words in the English language for a politician to utter than ``tax cuts.'' To think that you could stand before an audience and say to them, ``We are going to let you keep more of your money, the Government won't take it,'' is appealing.  I suppose we on the Democratic side could join in that chorus, but we don't believe that is a responsible course of action. We believe that we have an obligation to Medicare to make certain that its future is strong and is right. Before we suggest a tax cut of any magnitude to any person in America, first we must meet our responsibilities. The good part of meeting our responsibility is that we not only guarantee the future solvency of Medicare but at the same time we pay down the national debt.  Arranged before me here on the Senate floor are Senate pages, young people from high school who come here and work in the Senate, and do a great job. I am glad they are here. I am sure they are hoping that some of the laws that we will pass will make America a better place for them to live. This is a law which I think addresses the concern that they may not have today but they might in the future.  If we have our way, in the Democrat budget resolution, we will start reducing the national debt that we have to pay interest on every year. How much is the interest payment this year on the national debt? It is about $1 billion a day, $355 billion that we are paying with Federal tax dollars each year to service the national debt that has been accumulated over the history of the United States.  We believe on the Democratic side that we should set on a course of action dedicating money to Social Security and Medicare at the same time bringing down that national debt, so that we can see in the lifetime of the young people who serve as pages here adramatic decline in the annual interest cost to the Federal Government. What it means for their generation is more money available, either for tax cuts or for programs they think are important for the future of this country. But we hope to give them that choice.  On the other side of the aisle, the Republican budget resolution says: ``No. Let's not save the money. Let's not put the money in Medicare. Let's give it away as tax cuts.''  In fairness to the chairman of the Budget Committee, he has not specified what kind of tax cut package he has in mind. Some Members of his party have already expressed themselves. For example, the House Budget Committee chairman, Mr. Kasich of Ohio, has suggested a 10-percent across-the-board tax cut. I want the American people to understand what that tax cut means to them as opposed to the Democratic budget which seeks to bring down the national debt and to make sure that Medicare is well funded.  The Kasich tax cut, the 10-percent tax cut, would mean for 60 percent of American working families an average of $8.25 a month in tax cuts. That is a lot of money to put away and to save up for a vacation. In all honesty, it is not enough money to pay for the cable TV bill. But there are those who believe--as I mentioned, Mr. Kasich, proposals on the Republican side--that is preferable, to give that sort of tax cut as opposed to putting the money into Medicare, as opposed to paying down the national debt. I think they are wrong.  I think, if you look at the alternatives, it is very graphically demonstrated that in this budget that we are presently considering--the Republican budget--there will be some $831 billion in tax breaks, and nothing for Medicare; not a penny for Medicare. That, I think, is a serious mistake. It is a serious mistake, because, frankly, for 40 million Americans it results in some very, very grave decisions. Some people say, ``Well, Medicare is just a program for the elderly.'' I know better. I think most families do. It is not just for the elderly. It is for the children and grandchildren of the elderly to have the peace of mind that their parents and grandparents are going to have good, quality, affordable medical care. It meant a lot to my family, and I think it means a lot to families across America.  If we don't take the money that the Democrats propose in their budget resolution and put it into Medicare, I would suggest to you that the alternatives for that program are grim--cutting benefits for seniors, asking seniors and disabled Americans who are often on fixed incomes to shoulder substantially higher costs, significantly reducing payments to providers, well below the cost of providing quality medical care, or increasing payroll taxes. I don't want to be a party to that. I think that is one of the most onerous taxes in America. If we don't face our obligation to make sure Medicare is sound, it could lead to increases in payroll taxes.  There was a question raised by some as to whether or not the Democratic budget resolution will, in fact, do any good for Medicare. I have in my hand here a letter that was sent to Members of Congress that is offered by the Department of Health and Human Services, Health Care Financing Administration, which says quite clearly, yes, the Democratic budget resolution is good for Medicare. It will make sure that Medicare remains solvent up to 10 years beyond the date that we currently see solvency ending.  And, of course, if we face Medicare without these additional funds, take a look at what it does. In the area of provider cuts, to extend Medicare to 2020 without new investment, as the Democrats propose, and without benefit cuts of payroll tax increases, we would have to cut payments to providers by 18 percent or more. That is a cut in the Nation of $349 billion, and over 10 years in Illinois alone $14.3 billion.  I contacted the Illinois hospital administrators a few years ago when we were in the midst of the same debate, and said to the Illinois hospital administrators, if we have this kind of cut in Medicare payments, what will happen? For many of the hospitals dependent on Medicare--these are hospitals in rural areas, hospitals in the inner city--they would face closure. It is just that serious. The Illinois Hospital Health System Association tells me that even before the last round of cuts, 25 percent of Illinois hospitals were taking a loss on their in-patient Medicare costs.  If we don't act responsibly and adopt President Clinton's approach and the Democratic budget approach, if we don't put money in Medicare, hospitals all across America--in New Jersey, in New Mexico, in Maine, in States across America--are going to face the same kind of pressure.  Second, there are those who suggest let's put the burden of the cost of Medicare reform on the backs of the seniors and disabled. That might extend the solvency of Medicare, but at a very high cost. To date, on average, seniors pay 19 percent of their income to purchase the health care that they need. And Medicare is currently only paying half of their bills. Many seniors live on fixed incomes. The median total annual income of Americans over the age of 65 is a mere $16,000. And that is hardly a huge sum of money for people to survive. For seniors over 85 it plummets to $11,251. For the oldest and frailest in America, such as those using home health services, the average income is less than $9,000.  Can someone with this level of income really afford to pay more for Medicare so we can give tax cuts to some of the wealthiest people in this country? I think that is really not fair. I think most Americans would react the same: $8.25 in tax cuts for 60 percent of America's working families, is that really a valid tradeoff if we are going to impose greater burdens on seniors under the Medicare program?  Medicare reform may involve tough choices but it should not involve mean choices. Reform and investment are needed to strengthen Medicare. There are those who say if you just put the money in Medicare as the Democrats propose, they are just never going to reform the system. But the reality is, the Medicare program has grown. The number of beneficiaries has doubled since the program was created, and Americans are living longer. I think there is a fair argument to be made that one of the reasons Americans are living longer is because they now have access to quality health care after retirement.  There was a day, and I can remember as a child, when grandparents moved into the homes of your parents. It was expected. Then we tried to scrape up enough money to make sure medical bills were paid, and often they were not. Those days are behind us because of Social Security and Medicare. Before Medicare, less than 50 percent of retirees had health insurance. Now virtually every elderly American has health insurance.  So here is the priority question for us. How much do we value increased life expectancy? How much do we value the independence of seniors who can live confident that they will receive quality health care under Medicare? Are the people of my generation, who are working and contributing to the surplus, hopefully soon, willing to defer gratification of a tax cut of small magnitude to invest in a retirement insurance program for 40 million Americans? I think they are. The choice, of course, is whether or not we forgo the Republican tax cut and put the money into Medicare and reducing the national debt.  I would like to take that question to the American people by way of referendum. I think I know what the answer is. It is not just a Democratic idea. It was Alan Greenspan who came to Congress and said: Suppress the urge to cut taxes or to increase spending. You should, instead, reduce the national debt, the debt that is taking so much money in interest service payments each year. It is sound economics and it is sound for this country.  We need the strength to address the needs of the Medicare program. Changes will have to be made. But none of the programs being considered presently by the bipartisan Medicare Commission really save much money in the short term. Some of the proposals, such as raising the age of retirement, ask beneficiaries to pay a lot more. They even eliminate graduate medical education, so important to medical schools across America. We need to make sure there is an infusion of money into Medicare now to keep it strong. It is very unwise to enact largetax cuts, to commit to those tax cuts before we secure both Medicare and Social Security.  Let me say a word about one Medicare reform, too, that I have addressed in the past. I, for one, am opposed to the concept of raising the eligibility age for Medicare. Some have suggested we raise it to the age of 67 as a way of reforming Medicare. The reason for my opposition is personal and it is strong. I had a brother who retired from a well-paid job, working for a major company. He retired early. They promised him a pension and health care benefits. He ran into some problems with his health. He was required to have some major surgery and after his retirement with his company his plan canceled his health care benefits. It was before he reached the age of 65. He literally, then, had everything at risk in terms of his family's life savings and his plans for retirement because he had no health insurance protection and had to wait until he reached the age of 65 to qualify for Medicare.  There are too many Americans falling into this trap. I do not want to see us extend it. Instead, I think we need to have reforms in Medicare that are sensible and we need to have a budget that is dedicated to making certain that the surplus that we have now and in the near future is really focused on reducing the national debt and focused, first and foremost, on strengthening Social Security and Medicare.  Ask the American people: Would you give up the tax cut proposed on the Republican side of the aisle to guarantee that Medicare is going to be solvent for 10 more years? That we will not have to close hospitals? That we will not have to increase payroll taxes for Medicare? That we will not have to slash benefits? I think the answer will come back resoundingly: Stick with the programs that are so critical to millions of Americans. Make certain the Democratic approach in the budget resolution is the one that finally succeeds.  We can put off this tax cut debate to a later time, and let's hope our economy continues to grow so we can consider it. But before we do it, the tax cuts, if any, should be targeted to those who really need them, and we should make sure that Social Security and Medicare are still our highest priority.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gregg). The Senator from New Mexico.  