President, we are coming to the end of one segment of this Congress. We are about to break for an August recess which is an opportunity for Members to be back in their States and with their families. I am looking forward to that, as I am sure are many of my colleagues. But it is a good time for us to reflect on what we have done and what we have failed to do in the last several months.  Each of us is elected with a responsibility to come to Washington and try to respond to some of the challenges facing families and individuals and businesses across America. I am sad to report as of this moment we have little to show for our efforts this year. The Columbine shooting, which focused the attention of America on violence in our schools, rallied the Senate in a rare bipartisan fashion to deal with violence in schools. We passed the Juvenile Justice Act, which had sensible gun control provisions contained in it, and tried as well to attack this culture of violence which is becoming more dominant in our society.  If you will recall, it was a tie vote, 50-50. The tie was broken by Vice President Gore, the bill passed, it went over to the House, and was hopelessly mired down by the efforts of the gun lobby because of their resistance to any changes in gun control. So we are here today, the first part of August, with literally nothing to show for this whole issue of school safety. By the time we return, our kids will be back in school, another school year will have started, and this Congress will have failed to react to a problem that is on everyone's mind.  The second issue, one that continues to haunt us, is the issue of the Patients' Bill of Rights. Yesterday, I was in Bloomington, IL, and met with a group of doctors and nurses at hospitals to talk about what is happening with health insurance, how families feel so helpless when health insurance clerks are making decisions that doctors should make. When we tried to address it on the floor, sadly, we were defeated by the health insurance lobby, a lobby which continues to spend millions of dollars to overcome our efforts on behalf of patients and families. That, again, is another issue with which we failed to deal.  Finally, of course, we will be talking a lot this week about the tax break as well as the whole question of the budget. There are many of us who think the action by the Senate last week was not a very wise one. We have a chance now, if our economy recovers and continues to grow, to generate a surplus. Then we have to decide what to do with it. First and foremost, I think we should do no harm to this economy. The economy moves forward, creating jobs and businesses and new housing starts. Yet Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve Chairman, warns Congress on a weekly basis not to pass the Republican tax cut package, a $800 billion tax cut primarily for wealthy individuals, which could fuel the fires of inflation and raise interest rates, jeopardizing home mortgages, business loans, and family farmers, who are trying to stay in business.  First and foremost, we ought to be cautioned that Alan Greenspan, who has no partisan interest in whose ox is gored in this battle, has warned us do not do it. Second, even when I go home and speak to the most conservative Republicans in my home State of Illinois, they say: If you have a surplus, Senator, for goodness' sake, the first thing you ought to do is get rid of the national debt, the $5.7 trillion we have amassed in debts over the last, well,two centuries plus, most of it in the last 10 or 15 years. That debt costs us $1 billion a day. All across America we collect payroll taxes and income taxes--for what? To pay the interest on the debt, not to do something good and new for this country; not to improve education or the safety of our streets or to build new highways or mass transit. No, it is interest on the national debt.  So on the Democratic side, we think the highest priority, if there is to be a surplus, is to eliminate that debt. What legacy do we want to leave to our children? Wouldn't it be great to leave them a debt-free America and say to them: You have it here, the best country in the world, a history and tradition you can be proud of, and you do not have to pay for the debts of our generation.  That to me is so basic, so sound, in opposition to the concept that we are somehow going to give tax breaks to the wealthiest people among us as an alternative.  If we are going to do that and reduce the debt, we can do it in a fashion that is fair to everyone and do it in a way that preserves Social Security and Medicare. Many senior citizens are not even aware of the fact the Medicare system is in trouble. Yet it is. They would like to see Medicare expanded, as I would, to cover prescription drugs and to be even a better program so seniors can remain healthy and independent for a longer period of time. But, sadly, the Republican approach to this includes no money for Medicare, no money for Medicare out of this surplus. Do you know what that means? Seniors who are striving to be independent and healthy will not get a helping hand when they should. That is what this budget and tax debate has been about.  Sadly, that is where we find ourselves as we head toward the August recess--our failure to enact the juvenile justice bill to make our schools safer; our failure to enact the Patients' Bill of Rights so that people across America who have health insurance can believe they have a doctor they can trust and a doctor who is making decisions for them and their family; our failure to enact a bill to deal with our surplus which is responsible, a bill that will not jeopardize the economy, a law which, in fact, will make sure we reduce our debt and reduce these interest payments which we have to pay; and something that deals with the whole question of the solvency and future of Social Security and Medicare.  When I look at this Congress, it is sad, with all the talent we have on both sides of the aisle, Republican and Democrat alike, that we have been unable to come to any conclusion where we can go home in the month of August and point with pride to what we have accomplished.  Unfortunately, there is little we can point to.  