Again, let me remind you, this is a budget gimmick. If you delay the spending in an agency until the closing weeks of the year and then when you calculate how much it is going to cost, it won't come out to the same dollar amount. In order to meet some budget guidelines and conform with some regulations and rules, they make this decision to make an across-the-board cut and delay the spending.  If somebody came to the floor and said, I have a great idea, let's delay paying Members of Congress until the last few weeks of the year, I think we might have some resistance here. I think some of my colleagues and my wife and I might see that a little differently. When it comes to medical research, we are prepared to do that. How can you say that to the families you have met and I have met who come and expect us to do our very best to encourage medical research?  Let me tell you another area. The Centers for Disease Control gets $2.8 billion. What do they do? They try, across the United States, to do things such as reduce the incidence of HIV and AIDS, try to reduce tuberculosis, immunization programs for kids, things that make America healthier. This appropriation the Republicans have brought to us delays until the very end of the fiscal year a third of that money. Slow down your effort to try to stop the spread of AIDS, this appropriation bill says. I think that is irresponsible.  If there is any reason for the President to veto this bill, it is in the area of health research and disease prevention. I hope the President vetoes it, sends it back up in a hurry, and says to the Republican leadership: Roll up your sleeves and get serious. If you are going to make cuts in order to achieve some budget goals, don't start with medical research, don't start with children who are suffering from diseases where we might find a cure, don't go to the Centers for Disease Control which has an important mission for all Americans to make this a healthier nation. No, go somewhere else.  I have been elected to the Congress, the Senate, now, for 17 years. There are some areas that are really worth a fight. We can talk about roads and bridges. They mean a lot to a lot of people. But when it comes to education and health, I think that is worth a fight. I invite the President's veto as quickly as possible. Send this bill back up here and say to the leadership, on both sides of the Rotunda, that they have a lot more to do. Balancing this budget on the backs of kids who need special tutorial help to learn to deal with reading and math is unconscionable. Balancing this budget on the backs of thousands who receive assistance from the Women, Infants, and Children Program for nutritional assistance, so babies are born healthy, that is unconscionable.  For those of us who next year again will face a steady stream of people--from Illinois, in my case, Nevada in the case of Senator Reid--who come to our office and beg us, please do something about medical research so my child might live, I want to be able to look them in the eye and say: We did the right thing. We encouraged the President to veto an irresponsible bill, a bill which would have delayed medical research for a lot of people across America who are depending on it for their survival.  When it comes down to the closing hours of the session, sometimes things move through quickly and people are anxious to get home. I know I speak for myself and I probably do for many others when I say I am prepared to stay as long as it takes to see that the National Institutes of Health and all their medical research responsibilities do not become part of the political gamesmanship of the end of this session.  I yield the floor.  