CRAIG. I will be happy to yield in a moment.  I would like to reform the 1872 mining law, and I would like the Senator from Illinois to help me. The Senator from Nevada has stood ready with me for now well over 5 years for that purpose, only to be denied it by this administration. They kept walking away from the table. They would very seldom come and sit down with us. I must tell you, I do not know why. I ultimately had to draw the conclusion that they preferred the issue over the solution because it was our effort in the State of Nevada, a very important mining State for our country, and my State of Idaho, a very important mining State, that we resolve this issue. That, of course, is why I think it is necessary.  A mining claim is a parcel of land containing precious metal in the soil or the rock. That is what a claim is.  A mill site is a plot of ground necessary to support the operations of a mine. That is what a mill site is.  Mill sites are critical to mining because, amongst many uses, they hold the rock extract, that which is brought up out of the ground from the diggings of the mine, containing milling facilities that extract valuable minerals from the ore and provide a location to house administration and equipment and repair and storage facilities.  Let me suggest a comparative to the Senator from Illinois. If I bought a half acre of ground in downtown Chicago for the purpose of building a 50-story building, and they said I could go down 50 feet and establish parking, but I could not go up any, and I was not given any air rights, then I could not build the building. I could acquire the property and I could dig down, but I could not go up.  That is exactly what the Senator is suggesting tonight, that you can gain a mining claim under the law but you cannot build a mill site because 5 acres, I think as most of us know, is a fairly limited amount of ground, and that is exactly what the Federal Government has recognized for 127 years.  As a result of that, what the Government has said is, if you meet these standards and you incorporate it in a mining plan, you can have additional acres we will permit you for that purpose. Is that unlimited? I say to the Senator from Illinois, it is not. To suggest to anybody in the BLM, including this administration's BLM, that they give carte blanche acreages of land to mining companies is, in fact, not true. That is the reality of working with the BLM. Whether it is a Republican BLM or a Democrat BLM, both administrations, all administrations, have adhered to the law. It is important that the law not be misrepresented.  I suggest to the Senator from Illinois that mining is not necessarily a clean business. Digging in the ground is not necessarily a clean business. It is not environmentally pristine. That is the character of it. There are few businesses where you disturb or disrupt the ground that are. It is how you handle them after the fact with which I think the Senator from Illinois, the Senator from Washington, the Senator from Massachusetts, and I would agree. I hope they do not want to run the mining industry out of our country. We already have substantial exodus from our country because of costs of mining based on certain standards. They all attempt to comply.  The greatest problem today is access to the land. The Senator from Illinois does not have any public land in his State, or very limited amounts. My State is 63 percent federally owned land--your land and my land. I am not suggesting that it is Idaho's lands, nor would the Senator from Nevada suggest that only Nevadans ought to determine the surface domain of the State of Nevada. We understand it is Federal land.  Nevadans and Idahoans and Americans all must gain from the value of those resources, but we also understand that they must be gained in an environmentally sound way. We have worked mightily so to build and transform a mining law for that purpose. I must tell you that the Solicitor, both as a private citizen environmental advocate and now as a public citizen Solicitor, has fought us all the way, because he wanted a law that fundamentally denied a mining company the right of discovery, location, and development unless it was phenomenally limited. Those are the issues that clearly we deal with when we are on the floor.  Let me say in closing, Mr. President--and it is very important for the Senators to hear this--we are notchanging the law. We are simply saying: Mr. Leshy, you do not have it your way until policymakers--the Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Idaho--agree on what the law ought to be. That is our job; that is not John Leshy's job. Ours will be done in a public process with public hearings and public input and not in the private office of a Solicitor down at the Department of Interior who, in the dark of night, slips out and passes a rule and the stock market crashes on mining stock.  I do not think the Senator from Illinois would like that any more than we would if we did it to major industries in his State, because he and I are policymakers and we should come to a meeting of the minds when it comes to crafting reform of the 1872 mining law. That is what I want to do. I hope that is what he wants to do.  Are we legislating on an appropriations bill? No. We are saying: Mr. Solicitor, you do not have the right to change the law. We will leave the law as it is, as the current 1999 or 1998 handbook at BLM says it is, as the current handbook down at the Forest Service says it is, and that is the handbook a mining company uses to build a mining plan, to build a mining operation. He said at the last hour: The handbook is no good even though we wrote it, even though we OK'd it, and even though that is the way we operate.  I do not think so. We now know why. Because, for goodness sake, we read his book, the book he crafted in 1988 saying: Let's create a crisis, let's bring the mining industry to its knees, and just maybe then we will get the Congress to move.  I heard John Leshy in 1988 and again in 1990, as did the Senator from Nevada. We worked mightily to change the law, and we are still working to do it. We have not been able to accomplish that. I hope we can, and we will work hard in the future to do that. But I hope my colleagues and fellow Senators will support us tonight in leaving the current law intact and not allowing this administration, or any other one, through their attorneys, to arbitrarily change a law without the public process and the public input that the Senator from Illinois and I are obligated to make, and yet tonight he defends the opposite. I do not think he wants that. I do not think any of us want a private process that will deny the right of public input.  