President, I thank the Senator from North Carolina for this resolution honoring our fellow colleague, Senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska. I want to add my voice to those who have spoken in salute to this individual and the contribution he has made.  The Vietnam war was like nothing else in my life politically--I am sure virtually everyone my age in this Chamber would say the same thing--the way it preoccupied the attention of this country, the way it dominated our political and personal lives, and the debate that went on for so many years. There were some who stayed and some who went and some who protested; there were some who served. Everyone was touched by that war in some way or another.  I was particularly struck by the story of our colleague, Senator Bob Kerrey, and the contribution that he made as a member of the U.S. Navy and of course the injury which he sustained in his heroic effort on behalf of our country. Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, a graduate of West Point, talked about his humbling experience of joining Bob Kerrey for a race. He is a jogger--a runner, if you will. I have joined him for a race from time to time. You can tell by my physique I am not a runner. However, it is always a humbling experience as Bob Kerrey comes motoring past you with a big smile and you realize that this man just can't be stopped. And I am glad he can't be stopped because he has made not only a great contribution to his State and his country but he continues to do so.  A few years back, Senator Bob Kerrey got the notion that he wanted to run for President of the United States. There were some Members of the House of Representatives who stood by him and endorsed his candidacy--the few, the proud, the Members of Congress--who believed that Bob Kerrey would have been an excellent President of the United States. I believe that today.  I have come to know this man even better as a Member of the U.S. Senate while serving with him. I know that he has courage. He showed it not only in battle, but he shows it every day on the floor of the Senate. I cannot imaginewhat he has endured in his life. I only stand in awe and respect for what he brings to this institution because of that contribution. Very few people in the history of the United States have been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. It is my great honor personally to count one of those recipients as a personal friend and colleague.  I thank Senator Edwards and I salute my friend, Bob Kerrey. I am happy to stand as a cosponsor of this resolution.  