President, one of the items previously discussed deserves further exploration; that is, the whole question of what we are going to do in the closing weeks to meet the Senate's obligation to the people of this country, to deal with the most basic responsibilities of this Chamber.  The most basic responsibility, of course, is to meet and pass the spending bills necessary for the orderly operation of the Federal Government. For those who are not students of the process, the fiscal year that we work under starts on October 1, and we are supposed to pass 13 different spending bills so that come October 1, the actions of Government can continue their business. This is our ordinary responsibility.  So we meet on September 14 to discuss a lot of issues of importance. But the American people have the right to ask us what we have done about our basic responsibility to pass the spending bills for the next year. The honest answer is, of 13 bills, we have only passed and had signed into law one bill, and that is the military construction bill. All of the other activities of the Federal Government, frankly, are still in play. They are being debated on Capitol Hill. It is a sad commentary on those who manage the House and the Senate that we have not made more progress. In fact, closer inspection suggests to us that there are some serious problems ahead.  Anyone who followed the proceedings last year knows that a similar situation led to a mountainous piece of legislation called a continuing resolution. If I am not mistaken, it was some 10,000 pages long and it was literally dropped in our laps with 48 hours to go and we had to read it, vote yes or no to continue the operations of Federal Government, and go home or stay here. It was chaotic.  At a time when we have a Federal Government and a Congress with a responsibility, a staff and resources, it is hard to imagine we are about to repeat that scenario of last year. But it looks as if we are headed in that direction.  The sad fact is that one of the more sinister games being played is that one of the most important spending bills for American families--the bill that contains, for example, education spending for the United States of America--is being held hostage as the last spending bill which we are going to consider. As each appropriations bill that needs money comes along, it is taken from this education and health bill and put into another bill.  The day of reckoning is upon us in the not-too-distant future where we will face the possibility of another continuing resolution.  I am disappointed the Senate has not responded to the challenge by the President in his State of the Union Address and, frankly, challenge by the people of this country to address someof the serious problems which we face. Instead, we find ourselves tangled in a weave of budgetary deception where the suggestion has been made this morning that there is going to be an extension of the fiscal year to make it 13 months long as opposed to 12 months.  I believe it was Pope Gregory who came up with this calendar which we now use across the world. Now we have a suggestion that is part of their effort to extricate themselves from this budgetary maelstrom. The Republicans are going to somehow construct a 13-month calendar. I will not go into all the possibilities that were mentioned in the earlier debate, but I will say that it is, frankly, evidence of their failure to lead in the Senate and the House of Representatives because we are in the closing weeks of the fiscal year not having met our obligation to manage the Government and do it in an efficient manner.  The President came to us many months ago in his State of the Union Address suggesting some changes which we should consider in education in America. I am sorry to report that, to my knowledge, there has been no hearings on the President's proposals, nor is there any likelihood that the budgetary bills coming before us in the closing hours of the session will even address these changes in education. Most of these changes are widely accepted and embraced by the American people. Yet we find the Republican majority in both the House and the Senate refusing to even consider them.  The idea of increasing the number of teachers across America so classroom size is reduced is one that every parent understands. You walk into a classroom of 30 kindergartners and one of them is your child. You pray to God there will be a few minutes each day where the teacher might be able to pay special attention to your son's or daughter's particular problems. The same is true in the first, second, and third grades when children are learning the basics in terms of math and reading and such things that will build their education for the future.  The plebiscite President said 100,000 new teachers and reduce classroom size across America and we will have better students, better graduates, a better workforce, and a better country. The American people said: We agree. Do something about it. As we stand here in September of 1999, 8 or 9 months later, nothing has been done--nothing.  The President has already said--and I think he is right--address the needs to modernize classrooms across America.  We had a press conference in Illinois last week in Farmington, a small town near Peoria.  The school there was built in 1908. It is one of those battleship schools. I attended similar schools that reflect the turn of the century commitment to education in America. However, the school needs help. It needs a new fire escape. It needs new electrical service. It needs to be equipped for computers. It needs the basics.  It is not alone. There are schools across America in need of modernization. New schools need to be built. There will be more students than there will be classrooms. Will we help school districts across America? Will this Congress rally, as the President has asked, to help the school districts? The honest answer is no. We have not had any show of will by the Republican majority to even address this. When we bring it up, they say: There you go again, another new program.  Does this strike anyone listening to the debate as a radical suggestion, that our Federal Government lend a helping hand to school districts across America so schools are safer, that they are more modern, that in the 21st century kids have a better chance to learn? The honest answer is, that is not radical; that is as basic as it gets in the United States of America.  