I say further that it is a matter of whether or not we are going to be Uncle Sam or ``Uncle Sucker.'' Think about these oil companies. We are talking about $66 million a year.  Let me tell you, it is a bit unseemly for these oil companies to be fighting over $66 million a year, owed to the taxpayers, to come in and to support an amendment which insulates them from paying $66 million to the taxpayers.  Let me give you an idea why I think it is unseemly. And I agree with the Senator from California. Let's take a look at the oil companies involved. As I have said, you are not going to find the Little Sisters of the Poor Petroleum Company here.  No. 1, Shell Oil Company. The total revenues of Shell Oil Company in 1996 were $29 billion. Exxon Corporation, $134 billion; Chevron, $43 billion; Texaco, $45 billion; Marathon, $16 billion; Mobil, $81 billion; Conoco, $20 billion. The list goes on and on.  The reason I read those--and there are many more--you would recognize every name on the list. You know these companies. You have seen their gas stations. You have seen their stock printed in the paper. They have huge worldwide sales. And these multi-multibillion-dollar huge companies refuse to pay us, the taxpayers, Uncle Sam, America, a fair royalty, a fair rental payment for drilling oil on our land and selling it for their profit.  Can we conclude that these companies are in such perilous financial condition that $66 million would break the bank? Let me tell you, the royalty which they are refusing to pay, the royalty which this amendment insulates them from paying, represents, in every instance, less than one-tenth of 1 percent of the revenue of each of the companies--less than one-tenth of 1 percent, sometimes even smaller amounts.  Why in the world are we fighting this battle? Profitable companies, multibillion-dollar companies, coming on our land, drilling oil for their profit, have to come to the Senate to put on an amendment to insulate them from paying their fair rental, their fair royalty for drilling oil? There are those who say: For goodness sakes, Senators, aren't there some other things you could debate? Yes, I suppose. When it gets down to it, the money, in the scheme of a $1.7 trillion national budget, may get lost, $66 million a year, $5.6 million a month. But there is something that won't get lost. That is the simple justice of this debate, a question of fairness, a question of common sense.  As much as those on the other side would like to obfuscate this issue and tell us it is certainly so complicated, beyond the ken and mind of any Member of the Senate, they are just plain wrong. We have received correspondence from the Secretary of the Interior. We have seen editorial support in USA Today, the Los Angeles Times, articles in the Wall Street Journal, learned, expert people who have said this is pretty simple. This is a rip-off for American taxpayers.  I have to say to the Senator from California, I am glad she is waging this battle, as uncomfortable as it may be to my colleagues in the Senate, to try, once and for all, to say that if we are going to hold individual Americans, families, and businesses responsible for their tax liability on April 15, then, for goodness sakes, these multibillion-dollar oil companies should pay their fair share under the law for drilling oil on our land. They have been tested in court time and again and found guilty. Whistleblowers have come forward. Yet this amendment, the Hutchison amendment, will perpetuate this rip-off.  I know some will argue that there are other issues of importance. I hope that in the boardrooms of these oil companies they would please reflect on this battle. Is this really worth it? Is this really worth it to the big oil companies. Sixty-six million in a multibillion-dollar company wouldn't make aripple on their balance sheet. But for them to be in a position, as they are today, of trying to defend the indefensible, a position where they have lost time and again in court, trying to say they can use up our Federal resources without paying for them, is just incomprehensible.  