It is an amendment which addresses a segment of the credit industry which represents the bottom feeders. These are the people who prey on the vulnerable in society. These are the people who try to ensnare vulnerable, frail, elderly, and sick people into literally signing over the only thing they own on Earth--their homes.  You have seen the cases. You have read about them in the papers and seen the exposes on television. They find a widow living alone in her home. They come in and want to sell her some siding or a new roof or new furnace. The next thing you know, she has a second mortgage on her home. The terms of the mortgage are outrageous. She finds herself losing the only thing she has left on Earth--her home. These are so-called ``equity predators.''  I salute the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Grassley, who is the manager of this bill on the Republican side, because he had a hearing in March of 1998 of the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate that was dedicated exclusively to this outrage in the credit industry, that these people would come in and prey on so many vulnerable people.  Let me quote Senator Grassley. I do not know if I have his permission, but I did give him notice that I would read this from the hearing. He said:       Before we begin, I want to quote a victim--a quote that in      my mind sums up what we are all talking about here today. She      said the following: ``They did what a man with a gun in a      dark alley could not do. They stole my house.''  That is what is happening, time and again, when these unscrupulous creditors and lenders prey on the elderly and people who are less educated and end up taking something away from them that they have saved for their entire lives.  What does my amendment do? My amendment says that if this plays out, if they end up ensnaring some poor person into their trap, so that they stand to lose their home, and ultimately that person has to go bankrupt because of this unscrupulous lender, when they go to bankruptcy court, that same equity creditor cannot take away their home. If that person did not follow the law that requires full disclosure and fair treatment of people who are loaned money, they cannot come to bankruptcy court and end up with the deed to the home of an elderly widow. I think that is simple justice. It was a question before this Senate today as to whether or not, when we talk about abuses by those filing for bankruptcy, we will be equally outraged by abuses by creditors such as these predatory lenders who use our legal system and our bankruptcy court to literally push through processes that take away from people things they have saved for their entire life. They are serial credit predators. They prey on the elderly, the less educated, the frail, and the vulnerable. They are the bottom feeders in the credit industry. My amendment will give my colleagues in the Senate a chance to tell them once and for all, stop this devious conspiracy to go after the elderly in America.  How many people are affected by this? So many that in the State of California they have set up a specialfraud unit to go after these predatory lenders.  I am sad to report that as I stand here today, many reputable lenders are opposing my amendment. What does that say about them? If they are opposing my amendment to go after the bad guys, how does that reflect on the good guys in this business? I don't think it tells a very good story.  The groups supporting my amendment include the Consumer Federation of America, the Consumers Union, National Consumer Law Center, the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, the UAW, and others who have decided, as I have, that we should put an end to this once and for all, as is stated in their letter in support of my amendment: As consumers who receive these loans are commonly forced into bankruptcy, it is essential to create a bankruptcy remedy that protects debtors and other honest creditors from the predators who seek to enforce these loans.  Let me give a couple examples of these loans. Lillie Coleman is a resident of New City in Illinois, 68 years old, living on a pension. In comes a person who says: I'll tell you what I will do, Ms. Coleman. I know you own a house. I will consolidate all your debts, and I will lend you $5,000 for home improvement. The next thing you know, she has signed a $65,000 mortgage on the home she owned and had worked for for a lifetime. The next thing you know, they are holding these closings without inviting her. They are not giving her the papers to sign. They have broker's fees that were never disclosed to her. They find out that checks that were supposed to go to her creditors aren't going to creditors. They are finding out basically that there is money missing.  There sits Ms. Coleman with a second mortgage on her home and the prospect of losing her home in her retirement at the age of 68. Those are the people we are talking about. Those are the folks knocking on the doors, ringing the telephone off the hook night and day, sending all these luring mailings to people saying: You can just sign the back of this little check, and the next thing you know, there will be money in your hand.  The next thing you know, there is a new mortgage on your home. And if you miss a payment or if you don't understand the terms, you could lose it.  It didn't just happen in Illinois. It happens all over the place. In fact, it has happened in Utah, two or three cases of balloon payments. Do you know what a balloon payment is? You make the regular monthly payments; everything is going along fine. There is a small clause in the contract that says: At one point in time you had better come up with $49,000 or you lose your home. That is a balloon payment. Many borrowers don't know the details, particularly if they are folks who are elderly. They don't see well. They may not hear well. They think they are doing the right thing. They, of course, have the legal capacity to sign a contract. The next thing you know, they end up with their home on the line. They may end up in bankruptcy court.  What I am saying with this amendment is, we are not going to give them a chance to use the bankruptcy courts of America as a fishing expedition for the well-earned assets of American families.  This amendment was part of the bankruptcy bill we passed last year 97-1. If there is anybody sitting on the floor saying this idea is way too radical, they voted for it last year. They voted for it last year 97-1. It is something that should be part of this bill.  If you are outraged by the lawyers who are ripping off the system, as I see my friend, the Senator from Alabama, on the floor, who brings this up regularly, if you are outraged by those who go to bankruptcy court who shouldn't be there, share your outrage when it comes to these predatory lenders. Join me in passing an amendment that tells them once and for all, you can't use our legal system to continue this deceptive scheme.  We have found in the course of researching this matter that there are several different approaches these predatory lenders use. They engage in practices where they lend somebody money far beyond their ability to repay. They know going in, with a borrower of limited savings and equity in a home, that they can put that borrower on the spot where, in a short period of time, they are going to default.  We know as well that they try to make an arrangement saying: I will tell you what, we will put the siding on the home. We will make the direct payments to the home contractor, and don't you worry about it. The next thing you know, they have signed the mortgage, the home contractor is not paid, and the poor widow finds herself being assaulted in every direction by those who expect to be paid and finds herself in bankruptcy court.  They impose illegal fees, such as prepayment penalties or increased interest rates at default. They impose balloon payments due in less than 5 years. We have a group of people who are gaming the system at the expense of the most vulnerable people in America.  This amendment does not add any additional requirements to current law. It says that those who want to lend money have to themselves obey the law. If you want to stand for law and order when it comes to somebody coming into bankruptcy court, a debtor who can no longer pay their debts, if you want to establish new and higher standards for them so that they don't rip off the system, for goodness' sake, show some heart when it comes to those who are in bankruptcy court through no fault of their own. They are elderly people who signed onto the contract, and the next thing you know the only thing they own on Earth is at risk.  I have considered this amendment. I have read the transcripts of hearings, particularly the one from Senator Grassley's Committee on Aging. I have read some testimony there that I think says it all. But Senator Grassley's own words really put this in context. In March of 1988, he said as follows:       What exactly are we talking about when we say that equity      predators target folks who are equity-rich and cash-poor?      These folks are our mothers and our fathers, our aunts and      our uncles, and all people who live on fixed incomes. These      are people who oftentimes exist from check to check and      dollar to dollar, and who have put their blood, sweat and      tears into buying a piece of the American dream, and that      is their own home.  Senator Collins of Maine at the same hearing noted, I think accurately, that we need higher legal standards for those who provide financial services to senior citizens. Let me remind the Senate, I don't impose a higher legal standard here. I only say that those who want to take advantage of the bankruptcy court have to come in with clean hands. If they have been guilty of misuse of the law, dereliction of duty, or violation of the law, they should not be allowed to recover.  Senator Larry Craig, a Republican of Idaho, said at the same hearing: There are many loopholes found in existing protection laws which can and are easily exploited by these creditors. Statements by Senator Enzi and so many of my colleagues attest to the fact that they know that in every State in the Union these smoothies are at work.  The question today before the Senate is what we will do about it. These low-life lenders who give the Merchant of Venice credit standards a good name are the people who will be protected if the Durbin amendment is defeated.  I hope if we are going to hold to a high standard those seeking relief in bankruptcy court, that we start with those who have been shown time and time again to have taken advantage of the system.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  