 Mr. President, for those who have followed the debate this week, there have been some very clear-cut issues decided on the floor of the Senate. Sadly, I must report that the Republican majority and the insurance industry have prevailed on every single effort by Democrats to provide protections to families across America when it comes to their health insurance.  Take a look at the scoreboard. On the Democratic side, we offered protection to 113 million Americans who were left high and dry by the Republican side and the insurance industry. We lost.  We offered an amendment saying that every woman in America could choose her OB/GYN as her primary care physician and could not be overruled by an insurance company. We lost.  We offered an amendment saying that emergency room care could be at the hospital closest to your home instead of that dictated by the health insurance policy. We lost.  We offered an amendment saying that doctors should make medical decisions and not the health insurance companies. We lost.  We offered an appeal process that gave families a fighting chance when the health insurance company turned them down for coverage. We lost.  We offered an amendment for access to specialists, when your doctor says that is in your best interest, in order to come out of a process healthy and well. We lost.  We offered the latest treatments, clinical trials, prescriptions that doctors recommend to save the life of someone in the most perilous of circumstances. We lost.  I have to give credit to the insurance lobby because, through their efforts on the floor this week, they have rejected every effort we have made to provide protection for America's families when it comes to health insurance. I used to think the gun and tobacco lobbies were the big ones on the floor of the Senate. My hat is off to the insurance lobby. They have really done a job. With the Republican majority, they have defeated us time and time again on 11 different amendments, 11 different efforts to protect American families.  There may be dancing tonight, when this is all over, in the boardrooms of the health insurance companies in America, but there won't be any dancing in the family rooms for those American families who realize that tomorrow they are just as vulnerable to a decision made by a health insurance company clerk as they were yesterday. There won't be any dancing in the emergency rooms across America, as the nurses and doctors there respond to emergencies, never knowing whether or not the insurance company will reimburse them for their heroic efforts to save lives. And there won't be any dancing in the doctors' offices, as they leave the room with the patient to go to a backroom and call an insurance company and beg them for the right to make the best medical decision for an individual.  I know the Republican side has criticized us for bringing pictures of real people to the floor of the Senate. I know it scalds their conscience to see these pictures, pictures of kids such as Rob Cortes, a little 1-year-old, a little boy I met last Sunday. Every time I voted on an issue this week, I thought about this little boy and his family in the Chicago area. This little 1-year-old breathes with a ventilator, as my colleagues can see. He has spinal muscular atrophy. His mom and dad fight every day so he can live, and they fight the insurance company every day to make sure they have an opportunity and access to the miracle drugs they need to give this little boy a chance.  The Republicans tell us this is unfair. Don't bring us pictures of real people. We want to talk about statistics. We want to talk about the 1993 Clinton health care bill. Give me a break.  I say this: If doubletalk were electricity, the Senate floor would be a powerplant after the debate that we have had this week on health insurance. I think the American people know what is at stake. They realize they had a chance, with the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights, to have some rights and some protections when it comes to their health insurance, but they have lost.  There has been a decision made by the Republican side of the aisle and the insurance companies that they are going to create and protect a privileged class in America, the health insurance companies. They won't be answerable to the law, and they will not have to provide the kind of medical protection that every family counts on in America. Time and again, as we have offered these amendments, the Republican majority has defeated them. It is true that two or three of them have crossed the aisle from time to time to join the Democrats, but never enough to make a difference.  Sadly, that is how this debate is going to end. But it isn't going to end today. This debate will continue because we are calling on American families across this Nation to join us, to let the Senators on the other side of the aisle know that there are more important things in this town than the health insurance industry. Let them realize that this is the only building in America where health insurance reform is a partisan issue, because in every house I have visited in Illinois, families have told me time and again, whether you are a Democrat, Republican, or independent, you are vulnerable to an accident or illness that can leave you at the mercy of a health insurance clerk who will overrule your doctor and make a decision that can make your life miserable. That is what this is all about.  Vice President Gore came up here today with a last-minute plea to the Members of the Senate to pass a bipartisan bill to protect families. He told the story of a doctor who was working in the emergency room and a man came in and had a cardiac arrest before him. This doctor used a defibrillator and brought the man back to life. When the hospital turned in the charges, the HMO rejected him, saying it wasn't an emergency, it was only a cardiac arrest.  Let me tell you, this issue is not cardiac arrest; it is alive and well, and we will continue to fight it.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bennett). Who yields time?  