President, as I mentioned earlier, there has been a dramatic increase in filings for bankruptcy over the last several years--30 percent in some years.  People ask, How can this be? Of course, I think it is overoptimism. Folks in a good economy don't think anything will go bad; sometimes they do, and people who thought they had the world by the tail end up in bankruptcy court.  There is another factor at work here, as well. As Senator Torricelli of New Jersey, the Democratic minority spokesman on this committee, noted earlier, everyone who has a mailbox knows what is going on when it comes to credit cards. There is scarcely a day that goes by in my home in Springfield, IL, that there is not another solicitation for another credit card. In fact, some of the solicitations come in the name of my daughter who married years ago and hasn't been at that address for a long time. Some group has captured her name and address and continues to offer her credit cards on a monthly basis.  I asked my staff how many of them had been solicited likewise. It turned out everybody has received these solicitations. In fact, one of my staffers sent me a recent offer for a credit card that was sent to my godson. He is about 6 years old. I don't think he is creditworthy yet, but obviously somecompanies have taken a hard look at him and are considering whether or not Neil Houlihan needs to have a MasterCard at the age of 6. I hope that isn't an indication of what is happening across America.  I think we all know that part of the reason so many people end up in bankruptcy court is because we are flooded with easy credit. Easy credit has a good side and a bad side. Easy credit says to a person who traditionally could not qualify for credit that they now have a chance. I am told historically a waiter or waitress was unlikely to get a credit card because they didn't have a steady and predictable income. Those days have changed, thank goodness. People in those professions and occupations are given that opportunity for credit.  The bad side is that it extends credit, easy credit, to people who are already in over their heads. It doesn't parse out those who deserve credit and who can use it responsibly from those who are just going to dig a deeper hole and find themselves in short order facing a bankruptcy court judge. That, I think, is an indication of why so many people are starting, or did start, to use the bankruptcy courts.  The latest statistics for filings in bankruptcy have started to trail off. What appeared to be a national growing trend has changed. This year, second quarter filing reports show a drop in 42 States, including double-digit decreases in 14 States. We have to ferret out those people who abuse the bankruptcy system, but not at the expense of those families and businesses that need it.  The sad but obvious fact is that the people who declare bankruptcy are poor. The average income of a person who declares bankruptcy is $17,652. In 1981, the average income was $23,254. People in our bankruptcy system are just getting poorer. One would not believe that to be the case listening to the debate, the suggestion that so many people are coming into the bankruptcy court who are loaded with money, who, through crafty attorneys and their own ingenuity, are able to avoid their responsibility.  However, statistics tell a different story. By and large, the people showing up in bankruptcy court are poor people, with $17,652 as the average income of a person filing bankruptcy. If memory serves me, average indebtedness is roughly $25,000. These people have more than a year's income in debt before they finally show up in bankruptcy court.  As distasteful as bankruptcy is, the fact remains: We need the system. We shouldn't change it radically. By and large, it works. Let me give a few examples of people who are filing.  The three major reasons for filing bankruptcy are employment, health care costs, and divorce. Older Americans are less likely to end up in bankruptcy than their younger counterparts. But when they do file, a larger fraction of senior citizens--nearly 40 percent--give medical debt as the major reason for filing. Think about it: A catastrophic illness catching a family by surprise, particularly a senior with limited income and fixed resources, ends up in bankruptcy court because there is no place else to turn.  The second category is women raising families. Both men and women are likely to declare bankruptcy following divorce. Collectively, the bankruptcy sample has 300 percent more divorced people than the population in general. Families already stuck with consumer debt cannot divide their income to support two households and survive economically. Divorced women file bankruptcy in greater proportion than divorced men.  Before being elected to Congress, I was a practicing attorney in Springfield, IL. I was an attorney in hundreds of divorce cases. Almost without fail, the woman at the end of the divorce case had less money to try to meet the needs of her children and herself. Sometimes they are pushed too far. Many times, they end up in bankruptcy court.  Keep in mind as we debate these bills and whether we are going to run people through a means test with all sorts of questions to be answered and, if they miss an answer, thrown out of court, we are talking about older Americans and divorced women who are struggling to keep their family together.  Unemployed workers: More than half the debtors who file for bankruptcy report a significant period of unemployment preceding their filings. For single-parent households, a period of unemployment can be devastating.  Let me comment on this current bill. I favor the bill we passed last year. I think the Senate favored the bill we passed last year by a vote of 97-1. It is pretty odd in this Chamber to have 97 Senators agree on a bankruptcy bill. I think it was a better bill, better than the bill now before the Senate. I hope we make changes in this bill to bring it closer to last year's bill.  The changes should center around three themes: First, ensure fairness to women and children while ensuring that wealthy debtors pay their fair share. This can be accomplished by Senator Kohl's amendment, which Senator Sessions has cosponsored, which establishes a cap on the homestead exemption of $100,000 and ensures as well that women are not competing with credit card companies in collecting child support after the bankruptcy is over. This is a critical point that has been raised by Elizabeth Warren of Harvard as well as some 82 different bankruptcy professors across the United States who have written to Members of the Senate and asked them to be very sensitive to the fact that what we do in this law could make life more difficult, if not impossible, for women trying to raise their children after a divorce.  Alimony and child support payments oftentimes are a major part of the income on which they live. When we allow credit card companies and finance companies to grab more in bankruptcy and hang on to more after bankruptcy, it lessens the likelihood that the divorced woman trying to raise a child is going to be able to have any pot of money to draw from for help. It is just the bottom line. This is a pie of limited proportions after a bankruptcy. If the credit card companies can stay there, taking the money away from that former husband who filed for bankruptcy, many times it will be at the expense of his children and his former wife. That is a fact. It is a cruel fact. It is one that has not been overcome to date by anything suggested in this bill or on the floor.  Merely changing the priorities in the bankruptcy system, making the alimony and child support payments a higher priority, takes care of what happens in court, but after bankruptcy, then we have a problem. The same mother of the children trying to draw money from what is left after bankruptcy and income finds she is competing with credit card companies and others that have been given more rights under this bill to claim more money after the bankruptcy has been initiated.  Second, this bill needs to be more cost effective and less expensive for taxpayers. This can be accomplished by providing a safe harbor for means testing for a below-median debtor and streamlining the tests for debtors above the median income to eliminate needless paperwork.  A cliche I learned as a kid, as everybody learned, I am sure, over and over again: You can't draw blood from a turnip. In some cases, people in bankruptcy court, no matter how hard we try or how hard we look, are never going to have the money to pay off the debt. It is more sensible for us to step back and say, let's focus on those who are abusing the system rather than adding more paperwork requirements on those who will never be able to pay off their debts.  Let me give an illustration from the same law school professors who wrote to every Member of Congress about a recently completed study. Since last year's debate on bankruptcy reform, a study was funded by the independent, nonpartisan American Bankruptcy Institute. They found that less than 4 percent of consumer debtors could repay even 25 percent of their unsecured nonpriority debts, even if they could dedicate every penny of income to a repayment plan for a full 5 years. In short, for about 96 percent of consumer debtors, chapter 7 bankruptcy is an urgent necessity.  The fact that most debtors cannot pay more does not mean this means test will not affect them, though. Mr. President, 96 percent of those who file in bankruptcy court cannot pay more, according to the study. They are really up against it. They need to file for bankruptcy. Yet we find in this law therequirement that they still go through this rigorous standard of means testing and examination to question whether or not they can file for bankruptcy. I hope we will adopt the House standard at least, which says those at median income will be absolved from going through this lengthy test in bankruptcy court. People making median income in this country, filing for bankruptcy, are not likely to be able to pay off many of their debts.  Further, we ought to require that those earning up to 150 percent of median income should be subject to a reasonable screening to determine if it is possible they could pay back some of these debts. But to make every single person who walks into that court go through this process is unfair, it is burdensome, and it is not of any benefit to taxpayers or, ultimately, to creditors.  In addition, this bill needs to acknowledge the credit industry's role in increasing the number of bankruptcy filings. In order for this bill to be balanced, we have to enact additional disclosures on credit cards to allow debtors to make an informed choice about their credit. I had a lengthy list of disclosures included in last year's bill. Some have survived; some have been changed; some will be offered again on the floor. But is it unreasonable for us to say to these credit card companies that shove these credit cards at us faster than we can put them in our wallets, that they at least have to give us an honest monthly statement which tells us a few basic things? Isn't it reasonable to look at that statement, where it lists ``minimum monthly payment,'' and then say: If you make the minimum monthly payment, it will take X months to pay off the balance, and when you pay off the balance, you will have paid X dollars in interest and X dollars on principal?  That is not a tough calculation in the world of computers. The people who send us the bills have all sorts of information they want us to read and absorb. Shouldn't we at least know the bottom line? We may be too deep in debt. Maybe another credit card is not a good idea. That is not an outrageous suggestion where I live. But when we suggested that to the credit industry, they blanched and said: Oh, never can we do that; we cannot make that kind of disclosure.  They certainly can. The question is whether they will. That question will be answered by the Senate when it decides whether the consumers deserve more information so they can make informed credit choices. This is not a question of rationing credit. It is a question of informing debtors and informing those who are going to buy the credit cards as to what their obligations are going to be.  Let me give one example on a chart which is an illustration of the credit card debt in America charted against bankruptcy cases. I think this chart tells the story about why we have more bankruptcy cases in the United States. If you will notice the blue line here, it represents bankruptcy cases from 1962 to 1995. The red line indicates debt-to-income ratio.  Do you want to know why there are more cases being filed in bankruptcy court? People are getting deeper in debt; they have more credit cards. That is what it is all about. When we had the first hearing on the subject, some of the people from the credit industry came in and said:       American families just don't think there is a moral stigma      attached to bankruptcy any longer. They are filing for      bankruptcy without really feeling bad about it.  I take exception to that. I am sure there are some who are gaming the system and trying to figure out how to win, but the folks I have run into, filing for bankruptcy was a sad day when they finally had to concede they just hadn't handled things right, or faced a problem they couldn't manage, and had to go to bankruptcy court. It wasn't a proud day for the family. You don't hold a party when you go into bankruptcy court.  When it comes to moral stigma, I said to the people in the credit industry: You say folks are taking bankruptcy more lightly these days. Let me ask about the credit cards you are sending college kids and kids who have virtually no income and no credit history, with no questions asked? And what about those ATM machines at the casinos. You are talking about moral stigma. Is your industry sensitive to the mores of America in the way you offer credit and money to people regardless of whether it is a good idea or not?  I think there are two sides to the story. I think, unfortunately, this bill only addresses one side of it. According to the Federal Reserve Board, there are 429.2 million Visa and MasterCards in circulation in the United States. The number of cards per cardholder increased in 1998 to a total of 4.2 credit cards per person.  In addition to the solicitations we receive in the mail, telephone calls are made. In fact, 1998 was a banner year for solicitations for credit cards. The credit industry sent out 3.45 billion direct mail solicitations during 1998, an increase of 15 percent from the 3 billion in the previous year, and 2.4 billion in 1996.  Interestingly enough, there are only 78 million creditworthy households in the United States. Yet, as you can see by the numbers, there were 3.45 billion credit card solicitations. That is why your mailbox is full at home.  We even have proof the credit industry is targeting people in bankruptcy. Let me show you this. Talk about moral stigma. This is a solicitation offered by FirstConsumers National Bank in Portland, OR, and Beaverton, OR. To whom do they send this solicitation? People who file for bankruptcy. They want them back in debt. Let's get them back into debt.  In case you think it is easy to file for bankruptcy and pick up a credit card, they generously offer you an annual percentage of 20.5 percent, and if you stumble, it goes up to 25 percent interest. So the credit card companies that talk about the morality of the situation are quick to jump on the folks coming out of bankruptcy court and give them a very expensive credit card. That is not much of a fresh start as far as I am concerned.  Why is this occurring? We often debate these issues and don't get down to the bottom line. Why is the credit card industry so intent on reducing the number of people in bankruptcy courts who can discharge their debts? Why do they want to keep people paying on the debts? There is money to be made.  Between 1980 and 1992, the rate at which banks borrowed money fell from 13.4 percent to 3.5 percent. During the same period, the average credit card interest rate rose from 17.3 percent to 17.8 percent. Notice the spread. It used to be you had credit card interest rates of 17.3 percent when the banks were borrowing money at 13.4 percent. Now the credit card interest rate average goes up to 17.8 percent and the banks are borrowing the money they give to you at 3.5 percent. This is a big winner for these credit card companies. They want to keep people getting credit cards as they walk out of the bankruptcy courts. There is money to be made. It is a profitable business. The aggressive marketing campaign is going to continue as long as there is money to be made.  Of course, it is going to mean people are going to get in over their heads. You basically cannot have it both ways. You cannot recklessly offer credit to financially vulnerable people without increasing the number of bankruptcies. The credit industry knows this and so do a lot of conservative magazines. The London-based Economist, in a recent editorial about the reckless marketing of credit cards, wrote:       Given its readiness to hand out money with almost no      questions asked, the credit card industry's demands that      Congress stop the rapid increases in filings for personal      bankruptcy ring hollow.       No doubt many people have benefited from the credit      revolution that gave them an ability to borrow they have been      denied in the past. And certainly, borrowers unable to meet      their obligations bear some responsibility for their woes.       Yet it is pure hypocrisy for credit card firms to complain      that personal bankruptcy has lost its traditional stigma. For      they have been deliberately directing their sales efforts at      people on the edge of financial distress.  The rise in bankruptcies tracks consumer debts, and that is a fact. So in these times it is even more important for people to be fully informed about and careful about the credit card debt they rack up. That is why this legislation, which gives the consumer as much information as possible, is more important than ever.  I am confident we can approve this bill on a bipartisan basis. I pray we willnot have the same experience as last year. We passed a bankruptcy bill in the Senate by a vote of 97-1. It went to the conference committee, and I was a part of and assigned to that conference committee. We had an introductory session where we smiled at one another, shook hands, and left the room. That was the only meeting of that conference committee.  Within a matter of hours, that same conference committee, with only one political party represented--not my own--came back with a bill and said: Take it or leave it. Thank goodness the Senate said leave it. It was a bad bill. If this bill is going to escape a similar fate, it needs to be negotiated in good faith on a bipartisan basis.  I am offering an amendment designed to penalize a growing category of high-cost mortgage lenders who lead vulnerable borrowers down a rose garden path to foreclosure and bankruptcy. These lenders prey with shame on low-income elderly and financially unsophisticated people, jeopardizing their lifelong investments and hard work in home ownership.  The number of older Americans who are so financially vulnerable that they end up going to bankruptcy court to deal with overwhelming debt is considerable. In 1998, more than 280,000 Americans age 50 or older filed for bankruptcy. The number of Americans age 55 and older filing has grown by more than 120 percent since 1991. Those age 50 and 55 is the fastest growing age group in bankruptcy.  Last year, during the Senate Judiciary's Committee debate on bankruptcy, I offered an amendment designed to curtail one terrible practice that plagues senior citizens: predatory high-cost mortgage loans targeted to the low-income elderly and financially unsophisticated. The amendment was part of the bill that passed 97-1. My colleagues may already be aware of the problems that are cropping up in the home mortgage industry. Let me explain.  In recent years, there has been an explosion in subprime high-interest loan markets. In the Chicago area, these lenders made 50,000 loans in 1997. This map shows foreclosures on subprime loans in Chicago in a 12-month period of time.  In the Chicago area, there were more than 50,000 loans in 1997, 15 times as many as in 1991, when they originated 3,137 loans. Even more dramatic than the increase in subprime loans has been the increase in foreclosures. Subprime lenders foreclosed on 30 loans in the Chicago region in 1993, 2 percent of the foreclosures that year.  In June of 1998 to June 1999, the subprime lenders foreclosed on 1,917 loans, 30 percent of the year's total foreclosures. Why is the growth of this industry of concern? Two reasons: First, these companies use reprehensible tactics and predatory lending practices to conduct their business and, second, because of the vulnerable victims--senior citizens and low-income people--whom they target.  I will tell a story that demonstrates the problem. In Decatur, GA, a 70-year-old woman named Jeannie McNab, retired, living on Social Security benefits, in November 1996 with the help of a mortgage broker obtained a 15-year mortgage loan from a large national finance company in the amount of $54,300. Her annual percentage rate on this mortgage loan was 12.85 percent, and under the terms of the loan, she would pay $596.49 a month until the year 2011 when she then would be required to make a total final payment of $47,599. Think about it: 15 years from now, when this woman is 85 years old, she will be saddled with a balloon payment that she can never possibly make and face the loss of her home and her financial security, not to mention her dignity and her sense of well-being.  She paid a mortgage broker $700 to find and fund this unconscionable loan, a mortgage broker who, to add insult to injury, collected a $1,100 fee from the mortgage lender.  Unfortunately, Mrs. McNab is a typical target of high-cost mortgage lenders. She is an elderly person living alone on fixed income, just the type of person who may suddenly encounter a financial obstacle and turn to this type of loan for assistance.  According to a former career employee of the subprime mortgage industry who testified anonymously last year before Senator Grassley's Special Committee on Aging--this may sadden you:       My perfect customer would be an uneducated woman who is      living on a fixed income, hopefully from her deceased      husband's pension, and Social Security, who has her house      paid off, living off credit cards but having a difficult time      keeping up with credit card payments.  The perfect target, according to this anonymous witness before Senator Grassley's committee. This industry professional candidly acknowledged that unscrupulous lenders specifically market their loans to elderly widowed women, blue-collar workers, people with limited education, people on fixed income, non-English speaking people, and people who have significant equity in their homes. With lump sum balloon payments and terms that cannot be rationalized, they ensnare these folks and take away the only asset they have left on Earth--their home.  When that occurs, these people should not be able to go into court, once that person has defaulted on this mortgage, and recover. They have defrauded the individual who has borrowed the money. They are guilty of predatory loan practices and they should not receive the same treatment as an honest creditor who comes to court looking for compensation.  The amendment which I will offer will do several things. When a person such as Jeannie McNab goes to bankruptcy court seeking help from overwhelming financial distress the lenders caused her, the claim of the predatory home lender is not going to be allowed. If a lender has failed to comply with the requirements of the Truth in Lending Act for high-cost second mortgages, the lender will have absolutely no claim against the bankruptcy estate. The unscrupulous high-cost mortgage lender will not recover the fruits of their ill-gotten gain.  This amendment has been opposed by a lot of mortgage companies and banks that ought to know better. They are standing in defense of these predatory lenders who are taking advantage of vulnerable people and saying: We cannot treat them any differently; we cannot treat them harshly even if they abuse the system.  That is a sad commentary on the credit industry and it is a sad commentary on the mortgage industry that they will not join me and the Members of the Senate in ferreting out those who are exploiting people across America with these second mortgages and subprime mortgages which ultimately are indefensible--absolutely indefensible--as we found time and again. If the credit industry wants to defend those loans, it casts a real question and suspicion and doubt as to their sincerity in dealing with borrowers across America. I hope they will change their point of view and support this amendment.  I made some changes in the amendment to accommodate the industry to make it clear we are not going to deal with technical violations to disqualify those who try to collect in bankruptcy court. We are going after the bad guys.  I added a materiality requirement so the violations must be a material violation in order for the claim to be invalid. The amendment will apply to situations where a lender engages in the practice of lending based on home equity without regard to the borrower's ability to repay, or a lender makes direct payments to a home improvement contractor instead of to the borrower, or when the lender imposes illegal fees, such as prepayment penalties or increased interest rates at default, or imposes a balloon payment due in less than 5 years.  These illegal practices are not technical violations. I ask my colleagues to join me in this effort to protect the elderly by stopping predatory lending practices by adopting this amendment.  I send my amendment to the desk.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). The amendment will be filed.  