President, before us is S. 625, a bill relating to bankruptcy. It is a bill with which I have some knowledge and experience because last year I was a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and a member of Senator Grassley's subcommittee. We spent a great deal of time preparing this bill for consideration on the floor of the Senate. I enjoyed very much working with Senator Grassley on the bill. He has become not only a trusted colleague but a good friend in the process. We have had our disagreements, but we have tried to resolve them amicably and in the best interest of the legislation.  I also salute a number of staff people who have been at this task for a long time: John McMickle, a member of Senator Grassley's staff; Kolan Davis; Jennifer Leach, who now works for Senator Torricelli on the Democratic side; Darla Silva, a member of my staff who is with me today on the floor; her predecessor, Victoria Bassetti, now legislative director for Senator John Edwards. All of these staff people have put in so many hours that we could not calculate it to consider this significant revision of the bankruptcy law in the United States of America.  As this bill comes to the floor, I still have many concerns about it. I think most honest critics would suggest this was not a bill that came from the demands of our mailbag or the American people. I scarcely find any members of the bar living in the State of Illinois who are begging me for a big change in the bankruptcy law. No, this law was inspired and has been pushed for several years by the credit industry. The credit industry was becoming increasingly concerned that more and more people were filing for bankruptcy. As these people filed for bankruptcy and are discharged from their debts, their creditors and credit card companies receive less money. So they came to Congress and said: We want to change the law and make it more difficult for people to file for bankruptcy.  In other words, when you are down and out and cannot pay your bills, when your income is such that you cannot meet your obligations, when you have tried everything and you have given up hope and you finally have said, ``We have no choice but to declare bankruptcy and to try to start over,'' this law is going to say, stop, we may not let you do it because there are two different kinds of bankruptcy at issue. One is the so-called chapter 7 bankruptcy, where you walk in and, after a court proceeding and all the evidence is presented, the final act of the court is to clear your debt and to say now you can start over. Of course, you start over with very few assets and with that specter of having filed for bankruptcy over your head.  The alternative is something called chapter 13. Chapter 13 says, stop, we won't let you declare bankruptcy, we won't clear off all of your debts, and we are going to make you pay all or part of those debts over a lengthy period of time.  Those are two different outcomes. With one, the slate is wiped clean and the other the slate is still filled with many debts that have to be paid off. This bill attempts to define which people belong in which category, which Americans should be so down and out and up against it that they are allowed to have their debts wiped out completely and those who will continue to pay. It is no surprise that the credit industry is determined to keep as many people as possible on the hook and paying off these debts for a lengthy period of time.  Now, in some cases this is warranted. In some cases, people file for bankruptcy when they have assets and they have the means by which they can pay off at least a substantial portion of their debt. As this bill addresses that problem, I applaud it. I think they are right. People who are gaming the bankruptcy system to avoid paying their honest debts are, frankly, a burden on all of us as consumers, as those who are debtors as well. Those people should be excluded from the process. Life should be difficult for them, no matter how good their attorney, ifthey try to walk away from a debt they can pay. But that represents an extraordinarily small minority of those in bankruptcy court. The vast majority of those who walk through the doors of bankruptcy courts in America are in big trouble; they need help and need it quickly.  Unfortunately, this lengthy bill will create a process where some families who are absolutely out of options and have nowhere to turn have to walk through a new process of proof before they will even be considered to be discharged in bankruptcy.  Bankruptcy is an interesting concept, not new to the United States. It has been discussed at length throughout history. The history of the relationship between those who borrow and those who loan goes back to ancient times. Throughout history, those who borrow have not always been treated fairly. Under early Roman law, creditors who were unable to collect the debts owed to them were permitted to cut up the debtor's body and divide the pieces, or leave the debtor alive and sell him into slavery.  Thank goodness things have improved. In America, the delegates of the Constitutional Convention gave Congress the power to establish uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcy. Only one delegate to America's Constitutional Convention objected--Roger Sherman of Connecticut. It is said he was concerned that they didn't make it clear that if you file for bankruptcy, you would not be subjected to the death penalty. That is how onerous debt and collection was in those days. Mr. Sherman observed that bankruptcy was in some cases punishable by death under the laws of England, and he did not choose to grant a power by which that might be done in the United States. In response, Gouverneur Morris said he would agree to a bankruptcy clause because he saw no danger of abuse of power by the legislature of the Government of the U.S. I hope Gouverneur Morris' trust was not misplaced.  I have a statement from a bankruptcy judge in Chicago by the name of Joan Lefkow. Judge Lefkow, when she was inducted to be a part of the bankruptcy judiciary, gave an extraordinary statement about the history of this subject. She talked about Charles Dickens and his Pickwick Papers, of the ``Old Man's Tale About the Queer Client.'' It is a story of a man who is cast into debtors prison by his father-in-law and left by his own father to languish in desperation, while his wife and child starved. Dickens wrote: ``It was no figure of speech to say that debtors rotted in prison.''  In a twist of fate, in this story, the debtor's father, although he had ``the heart to leave his son a beggar,'' put off arranging it until it was too late. Thus, the man was freed from prison and provided a means by which he could exact revenge on the father-in-law who cast him into prison. He hired a lawyer to drive his father-in-law into bankruptcy so he could suffer the same fate as the son-in-law. He directed the lawyer, ``Put every engine of the law in force, every trick that ingenuity can devise and rascality execute; aided by all the craft of its most ingenious practitioners, ruin him! Seize and sell his lands and goods, drive him from house and home, and drag him forth a beggar in his old age to die in a common jail!''  Those were the good old days when a debt led to a big problem when people could end up literally rotting in prison.  We decided in the United States to take a different course of action and to establish a bankruptcy procedure so that American families and businesses faced with that awkward and painful and embarrassing moment might have recourse. Our bankruptcy system is part of it.  But bankruptcy has become extremely technical and convoluted. During the course of this debate, we talk about cram-downs and reaffirmations and panel trustees and automatic stays, nonchargeable debt, prior debt, secured debt, and even something known as ``supper discharge.''  The bankruptcy code is a delicate balance. When you push in one area to create greater rights, or take rights away, it has an impact on another area. That is because no matter how hard you try at bankruptcy court, there is a very limited pie. All we can do is increase the fighting over that small pie, and usually no one wins that fight.  Mr. President, I note that my colleague from Wisconsin is on the floor. I believe he is prepared to offer an amendment. I ask permission of the Chair to yield the floor to my colleague from Wisconsin, and I ask consent that after he has completed his statement, I reclaim my time and continue.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bennett). Without objection, it is so ordered.  