President, this is an amendment which addresses the question of grazing on public land. If you followed the debate on the Department of Interior appropriations bill over the last few days, and the weeks when we were in session before our August recess, you would see that we have an issue primarily between the Republican side of the aisle and the Democratic side of the aisle, a question of stewardship of public land. In virtually every amendment offered from the Democratic side there has been an attempt to make certain that the public lands are protected, that the value of the public lands are protected, and that America's taxpayers, who in fact own these public lands, are not shortchanged by those who would come in and use them.  Consistently on the other side the position has been, if someone wants to take the land of America, the land belonging to all Americans, our public land, and use it for grazing, drilling, mining, or logging, that there should be few or any restrictions and, second, that they should not pay an extraordinary amount of money for the privilege of taking profit off our public land.  This has been a clash of philosophy that has been visited on every single amendment in one form or another. It is a clear difference of opinion, primarily between the Republican side of the aisle and the Democratic side of the aisle.  There are those of us on the Democratic side who understand that these public lands, first and foremost, are a legacy that we inherited from previous generations and must leave in good shape for future generations. First and foremost, that is our obligation.  Second, if the lands are to be used for a practical purpose such as deriving income from logging or mining or grazing or drilling, the taxpayers of this Nation are entitled to fair compensation from those who would use the lands for commercial purposes.  We have had a lot of arguments about various aspects. This particular amendment goes to the question of grazing. The Bureau of Land Management, BLM, is an agency within the Department of the Interior which is entrusted with an extraordinary responsibility--to administer literally millions of acres of our Nation's valuable and diverse public lands located primarily in 12 Western States, including Alaska.  The BLM has an extraordinary responsibility when it comes to land management. It manages more Federal land than any other Federal agency. This agency, BLM, oversees 40 percent of our Nation's Federal lands, roughly 264 million acres of surface land.  But acres do not really tell the story. Our Nation's public lands contain a wealth of natural, cultural, historic, and economic resources that literally belong to every American. The natural and ecological diversity of BLM-managed public lands is perhaps the greatest of any Federal agency. The BLM manages grasslands, forest lands, islands, wild rivers, high mountains, Arctic tundra, desert landscapes, and virtually the spectrum of land primarily in the western part of the United States. As a result of this diversity of habitat, many thousands of wildlife and fish species occupy these lands. These fish and wildlife species represent a wealth of recreational, natural, and economic opportunities for local communities, States, and the Nation's hunters, sportsmen, and families. So the responsibility of the BLM is not only to watch this land but to make certain that they preserve the resources given to them in the lands.  Grazing is the most extensive use of BLM lands in the lower 48. Of the roughly 179 million acres of BLM public lands outside of Alaska, grazing isallowed on almost 164 million acres, and millions of these acres also contain valuable and sensitive fish, wildlife, archeological, recreation, and wilderness values.  At the present time, BLM authorizes, through the issuance of grazing permits, approximately 17,000 livestock operators to graze on these 164 million acres of public lands. These permits and the public land grazing they allow are important to thousands of western livestock operators who literally make their living by grazing their cattle on the public lands. Many of these operators use the permits they receive from the BLM to secure bank loans that provide important financial resources for their operations.  The BLM typically issues grazing permits for a 10-year period of time. Many of the current grazing permits were issued in the late 1980s and now are starting to expire in large numbers during a 2- or 3-year period. These permits, numbering in the thousands, present the BLM with an unusually large and burdensome short-term renewal workload.  The BLM reports that they face a workload of renewing some 5,300 grazing permits which will expire in fiscal year 1999. While the BLM will be able to handle the majority of these renewals during this fiscal year, it is anticipated that 1,000 of these expiring permits will have to be held over until the next fiscal year. In addition, the number of permits due to expire in that fiscal year is greater than average. As a result, the BLM will have a fiscal year 2000 workload of approximately 3,000 permit reviews.  I raise this point because we are trying to balance, with this amendment, two or three things: First, to make sure that those who make their livelihood by grazing livestock on public lands have an opportunity to renew their permits to secure the bank loans to continue their operations in a responsible way. That is reasonable. This amendment that is offered is consistent with that, and I think it will achieve that end.  On the other side of the ledger, and equally important from a public policy viewpoint, we believe that this Federal agency, the BLM, has a responsibility to look at the permits and view the land that is being used, the public land being used by private people, to make certain it is being adequately protected, protecting America's natural resource, the millions of acres of public land that we as a nation own. How does the BLM do that?  When they reissue these permits for grazing, they take a look at the land to determine what has been the impact of the grazing: Is there too much grazing in one particular area? Are there things that need to be changed in terms of the terms and condition of the grazing to protect America's natural assets, these public lands?  Superimpose over this balance this workload I have just described. BLM now has more permits to renew than is usually the case, and there is some uncertainty among those who are asking for permits as to whether BLM can do their job in an expeditious fashion. It is my understanding that last year we extended permits by a year. We decided because of the workload that we wanted the permit holders to know they could continue to have their permits even if they had not been individually reviewed by the BLM.  My amendment says that the extension will be for 2 years or, if the BLM is able to do the review, sooner, which gives assurance to the landholder that they will have the permit and they can go to the banker and say: We have at least 2 years on this, perhaps longer.  At the same time, it says to the BLM: Don't shirk your responsibility; you are supposed to review these permits, guard America's natural assets, and make sure the public land is not exploited.  The purpose of my amendment is to strike this balance to give to the permit holders the additional 2 years and to say to the BLM: Still do your job, protect these assets, make the environmental reviews that are necessary, and open it for public hearing as required.  The on-the-ground, permit level decisionmaking that should legally accompany BLM's permit renewal process is fundamentally important to the ecologically sound, multiple-use management of our Nation's public lands. The BLM must conduct what is known as National Environment Policy Act compliance--shorthand, in Federal jargon, NEPA, National Environmental Policy Act--and land use plan performance reviews before reauthorizing the permits.  To meet the review requirements of NEPA and other existing Federal laws and regulations and to meet the diverse demands of the American public, the BLM uses interdisciplinary teams composed of agency professionals in wildlife, range, wild horse and burro, cultural, recreation, wilderness, and other areas. The BLM also solicits public comment and relevant information from the wide array of the public interested in range management, including hunters, fishermen, and others who enjoy our public lands.  The simple fact is this: On most public land grazing allotments, all the important decisions that determine the condition of public rangeland resources are contained in the terms and conditions of the grazing permits and in the annual decision about the amount, timing, and location of livestock grazing.  These decisions determine whether streams and riparian areas will flourish or be degraded, whether the wildlife habitat will be maintained, protected, or destroyed. Public involvement in this process is essential for balanced public land management. Without the application of NEPA and related laws, the American public literally has no voice in public rangeland management.  The unusually large number of permits that need to be renewed have created a dual dilemma for the Bureau and for its many public constituents. Western livestock operators who currently hold these expiring permits are worried that delays in the Bureau's processing time may cause them to lose their permits or otherwise threaten their ability to use them to secure loans and make a living.  Conservationists meanwhile believe the Bureau ought to perform responsibly the environmental stewardship and analysis aspects of its grazing management and permit renewal activities.  It is not the ranchers' fault that such a large number of permits are expiring at once. If anyone were to blame, it would be BLM, the agency, which should have recognized this and addressed the problem sooner.  I am not certain whether we provided the resources, incidentally, so they could do that, but certainly it should have been called to the attention of Congress.  BLM has a duty to all public land users, ranchers, conservationists, and others to provide orderly and balanced management of our public land resources.  It is entirely understandable to me, being from the State of Illinois, that ranchers are concerned about the issues of security and predictability. My farmers face the same thing. Likewise, we require the BLM to wisely manage and protect our public lands for all Americans. In the face of these concerns, a balance must be struck. The good news, I submit, is that these two concerns can be handled in a mutually inclusive fashion.  The substitute language I am offering addresses the ranchers' needs for the Bureau to process grazing permits in a timely fashion and in a manner by which ranching operations and financial operations will not be needlessly disrupted.  I want to hold BLM's feet to the fire, make them do their job right. I want them to solve the backlog of expiring permits. I want them to deal in a fair and forthright way with ranchers. And I want them to apply our Nation's environmental laws so that public rangelands are protected for all to use and enjoy.  As I seek to protect ranchers from operational uncertainty due to bureaucratic delays, I also want to address the concerns raised by conservationists that the Bureau's equally necessary environmental analysis and resource protection duties move forward.  The current language in the bill, if I am not mistaken, was inserted by Senator Domenici of New Mexico. This language, unfortunately, provides an unnecessarily controversial, open-ended, and uncertain response to this problem. Clearly, the language in the bill, which I seek to change, is pitting conservationists against ranchers, and that is needless.  Ironically, I am concerned the language in the bill at this time, as drafted, will actually undercut both theranchers and the conservationists. The actual permit renewal and environmental protection problem at hand is tightly defined and should be remedied with a tightly defined and effective solution.  Nevertheless, section 117 in the bill, as drafted, would apply to permits that have or will expire in ``this or any fiscal year''--any fiscal year.  Consider that for a moment--not just those that would expire during the term of this appropriations bill, but any fiscal year. Given the tightly defined 2- to 3-year nature of the current issue, this section provides an open-ended timeframe that is excessive and unnecessary. Instead of responding to the current real and specific crisis, section 117 in the bill virtually writes a new policy for permits that expire in this or any fiscal year.  I think that goes way beyond what we need to accomplish in this legislation. Section 117 provides a loosely drafted, open-ended delay of application of NEPA, the environmental law, and many other laws.  Given the facts of the issue at hand and the importance of maintaining adequate environmental protections and reviews for public land management decisions, section 117 is far too sweeping in its effect. As written in the current law, section 117 would actually provide the Bureau of Land Management with an incentive to delay the application of NEPA and other laws.  Because the Senator from New Mexico does not put a time certain as to when these permits will end, putting pressure on BLM to do its job, I am afraid we are going to have literally no review, and that is not in the best long-term interest of protecting America's public lands, which is the second half of this equation that we have to balance if we are going to be fair both to ranchers and to conservationists and Americans at large.  Section 117 also undercuts meaningful opportunities for public involvement in the range management process. Because it requires the BLM to reissue permits under their current terms and conditions for an indefinite period of time, it effectively eliminates effective public input. As a result of these and other problems, the existing section 117 is adamantly opposed by a wide array of groups that include the National Wildlife Federation, Defenders of Wildlife, Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Wilderness Society.  If enacted as written, section 117 could well cause the Bureau to maintain expiring grazing permits in sort of a bureaucratic limbo indefinitely. Ranchers might find themselves holding a permit of uncertain tenure instead of ultimately receiving the clearly defined permit that would be required under my amendment. Section 117, therefore, could well create a situation that would actually harm the economic certainty of ranching operations in the West.  We need to find a workable solution. We must not give the BLM the ability to delay its important permit renewal activities indefinitely. Congress must act to place the Bureau on a schedule to accomplish its work in a timely fashion to renew the permits. We need not--we must not--create a system that sacrifices either legitimate rancher concerns or environmental protection. We have to hold the BLM's feet to the fire. We must treat public land ranchers fairly, and we must protect the environment. We do not need to sacrifice one for the other, and I fear the existing language of section 117 does just that.  My intent is to ensure that the Bureau will be able to bring the current permit renewal situation under control by the end of fiscal year 2001, 2 years from now.  Additionally, I propose we extend the tenure permits which have expired in fiscal year 1999, or will expire in fiscal year 2000 or 2001, until the end of fiscal year 2001 or until the necessary environmental analysis under NEPA and other laws is completed, whichever comes first. This says to a rancher, you know with certainty if the Durbin amendment is adopted that your permit will be extended at least to the end of fiscal year 2001, and if in the interim BLM has done its job, it could be extended longer. That gives them something to go to the bank with, that they can, in fact, secure loans and continue their ranching operations. This amendment provides the ranching community and financial institutions certainty that these permits will not lapse during reprocessing. This amendment will provide continued assurance to the American public that their lands are being protected. It provides a real solution, not a controversial stopgap approach.  I based my proposal on the permit language that Congress adopted as part of the Interior appropriations law for fiscal year 1999, as well as current House and Senate versions of this bill. My language closely resembles a solution that Congress passed as part of the 1995 rescissions bill to address a similar permit renewal problem faced by the Forest Service. In the rescissions bill, Congress placed the Forest Service on a fixed-year schedule to bring their grazing permits into compliance with NEPA. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this balanced approach to the management and protection of our Nation's public lands.  I understand the backlog and the workload faced by the BLM. As I said, it is extraordinary in its scope. I also understand the challenges that face the ranchers and those who depend on these permits for their livelihood. I think we have struck a balance, a balance which should give some assurance on the one hand to the ranchers about the future of their permits, and give assurance to the public and conservationists that these natural resources are being protected.  I have two illustrations of why this is a particularly important issue. These photos were taken on BLM land and give a good indication of what can happen with proper land management and what happens when it doesn't occur. Notice on the left-hand side this overgrazed riparian area, Road Canyon in southeast Utah. There is hardly anything left, sand and gravel.  On the other side is Grand Gulch, where it has been properly managed. There is a good stand of grass. This is important for many reasons. If we are going to protect these lands and make certain that we have grazing opportunities for years and years to come, we have to manage them. My farmers in the Midwest have to manage their lands every year, decide what to plant, where to plant, what to apply to make certain the land will be ready after this crop for another crop. Basically, the Bureau of Land Management has that responsibility when it comes to our public lands.  They allow these ranchers to come and graze but under terms and conditions so they can say to the American people: Next year, 10 years from now, we will have protected your assets, your resources, for your use as well as the use of future ranchers. Overgrazing has severely degraded riparian areas in Comb Wash. As a result of many years of overgrazing, much of the natural streambank vegetation has been stripped away, leaving either bare soil or undesirable plants such as snakeweed and tumbleweed that invade overgrazed areas. Because of the overgrazing, severe stream channel erosion has occurred, and water tables have dropped.  Annual grazing permits issued by BLM allow this degradation to occur. If they keep renewing the permits on an annual basis instead of stepping back from time to time and looking at the impact, you can see that, frankly, we are going to have bad results. The language in the bill, which I amend, section 117, would continue this degradation indefinitely. Once we have run these resources down to bare rock, what good is it to the ranchers? Literally, they have to be certain they have a resource to turn to in decades to come so they have some assurance of their own livelihood. It is in their best interest to protect this resource as well with reasonable permits.  When you take a look at this healthy riparian area, as illustrated in the other photo, Grand Gulch, you can see the difference. This area had, again, been arrested from grazing for 20 years. In Grand Gulch, there was a healthy streamside ecosystem. The stream channels are stable, protected from erosion by vegetation. Sound grazing management decisions by BLM would allow more riparian areas across the West to return to healthier conditions.  This has been a controversial area and is a clear illustration of why we need to have the annual review by BLM consistent with NEPA standards.  The second photo shows a similar story. The ecological condition of the Santa Maria River in western Arizona has improved dramatically as a result of permit management practices under the National Environmental Policy Act. It is important to note the BLM continues to allow grazing in this area. However, it has changed the timing of this grazing. BLM is not at war with the ranchers but trying to make sure that it manages the Nation's resources on these public lands in a responsible fashion.  As a result of environmental reviews, the grazing permits on the Santa Maria River now contain terms and conditions requiring livestock to be kept out of the riparian areas during the spring and summer growing seasons.  The Santa Maria River is a rarity: a free-flowing river in the midst of a vast, hot, low-elevation desert. The riparian corridor provides essential habitat for dozens of species of wildlife, including 15 species that are listed by Federal or State agencies as threatened, endangered, or other special status. The riparian area of the Santa Maria and its ability to support wildlife were severely degraded by many years of uncontrolled, unmanaged livestock grazing in the river corridor. The vegetation was stripped away. The water was polluted. Streambanks were trampled. Miles of riparian area were nearly as barren as the surrounding desert.  For decades, the BLM issued and renewed grazing permits to ranchers along the Santa Maria River with no terms and conditions to protect riparian areas. Even though the BLM developed a land use plan that required the river to be arrested from livestock grazing, the requirement was never incorporated in grazing permits.  It illustrates the point to be made: The existing language in the bill, which I seek to amend, extends indefinitely these grazing permits under the terms and conditions currently existing. If there is a need to step in and to protect an area such as this from being degraded and destroyed for future generations, the language of the bill does not provide for it. My amendment does. It says the permits will be extended to 2 years; if there is an intervening environmental review, even longer but under terms and conditions consistent with good environment and public input.  In the late 1980s, a portion of the Santa Maria River received an unplanned reprieve from grazing because the rancher holding the permit went bankrupt and had to sell his cattle. The result of 3 years of rest from grazing can be seen in this second photograph. It is night and day between this dry river bed and this creek, which we can see, this riparian area, which has good growth and a stand of grass.  The riparian vegetation has returned. The streambanks are starting to rebuild. The water is cleaner, as are other portions of the river. In the early 1990s, the bankrupt rancher sold out to a new rancher who wanted to restock the river corridor with cattle. The BLM proposed to transfer the grazing permit to the new rancher with no NEPA analysis, no public review. The transferred permit would have had the same terms and conditions as the old permit: year-round grazing in the riparian area with no measure to protect or restore riparian vegetation and wildlife habitat.  A number of individuals and organizations challenged the BLM decision to renew the permit without a NEPA review. As a result, grazing permits on the Santa Maria contained terms and conditions requiring that livestock be kept out of this area during spring and summer growing seasons.  If section 117 is enacted as written in the law, such permit level management changes will be much more difficult to achieve.  I see other Members wishing to speak to this amendment. I can certainly return to this debate after they have had their opportunity, but I do believe it is in the best interest of those who value these public lands as a natural resource of assets for America and those who see them as a livelihood to come together and reach a commonsense agreement.  The existing language in the bill, which I would amend, gives the ranchers the upper hand. It says: Your permit is renewed indefinitely. We may never return to the question of whether or not your grazing rights should be changed to protect this particular creek bed from becoming part of the desert. That is not in the best interest of the rancher involved, nor in the best interest of the people of the United States who literally own this land. It is another question, another environmental rider which addresses the basic philosophy I mentioned at the beginning of this debate.  There was an unusual breakdown in point of view between the Republican side of the aisle and the Democratic side of the aisle. It is hard for me, as I study history, to believe that the party of Theodore Roosevelt, which, frankly, initiated the creation of such things as the Yosemite National Park and our National Park System, would now take such a different point of view when it comes to guarding the value of these resources. It would seem to me to be bipartisan, nonpartisan, for us to agree that if these public lands are to be used, they should be used safely, responsibly, and in a way so that future generations could have that benefit.  But time and again, these environmental riders that come to us, whether they are for logging, drilling, mining, whatever it happens to be, have come to us with the suggestion that the public interest should be secondary to the private exploitation of the land. I think that is wrong. I think the balance should be struck. It is not only in the best interest of this country, it is in the best interest of everyone living in the western part of the United States. The amendment I have offered has been supported by virtually every major environmental group: The Wilderness Society, National Wildlife Federation, Natural Resources Defense Council, Trout Unlimited, Friends of the Earth, American Land Alliance, and others.  I sincerely hope my friends from the West, the Senator from New Mexico, and the Senators from Idaho and Wyoming, will look carefully at this amendment and realize that it is a positive one; it is not negative in nature. It is an attempt to resolve this in a fair and balanced way.  