People forget we are talking about the consumers of the products, the people who buy computers and software. These are businesses, too. These are doctors and manufacturers and retail merchants who rely on computers to work.  This bill basically says, if you bought a computer that, it turns out, stops working come January 1 in the year 2000, we are going to limit your ability to recover for wrongdoing by the person who sold it to you. We will limit it. Unlike any other category of defendants in American courts, save one that I can think of, we are going to say this is a special class of people; those who make computers and software are not going to be held accountable like the people who make automobiles, and the folks who make equipment, the folks who make virtually everything in the world, including all of us.  Everybody gathered here in this Chamber can be held liable in court for our wrongdoing. If we make a mistake, we can be brought before a jury, and they can decide whether our mistake caused someone damage. This bill says: Wait a minute, special class of Americans here. American corporations that make computers and software shall not be held liable, or at least if they are going to be held liable, under limited circumstances. So the losers in this process are not trial lawyers. The losers are other businesses that say, January 2, wait a minute, this computer is not working. I can't make a profit. I have hundreds of employees who counted on this, and now what am I supposed to do?  I say to the Senator from California, thank you for this amendment.  A couple questions. You make a point here that if we are going to generalize and say, well, there may be some bad actors in this industry that sold defective products, that we are going to, in fact, absolve all manufacturers, it is a disservice to the companies which in good faith have been doing everything in their power to bring everything up to speed. Just to make this point, is it the Senator's point that we do not want to favor those bad actors at the expense of so many good actors from Silicon Valley and across the world?  