If we were to abandon our commitment to education, for example, in the country, it would be the most shortsighted thing in the world. It may reduce Government spending; yes, it may reduce taxation; but does anyone believe America would be a better country for it? I certainly do not.  When we say to families we can give them a tax break this year, a tax cut this year or we can take the money and reduce the national debt, and by reducing that debt say to their children and their grandchildren, you are going to have less to pay in taxes for interest on the debt we accumulated in our lifetime, that to me is the most popular thing I have found as I have gone around the State of Illinois.  People are saying: Senator, before you start talking about new programs or massive tax breaks primarily for wealthy people, shouldn't you accept your responsibility to bring down this national debt that is over $5 trillion, a national debt that costs us $1 billion a day in interest payments that are paid primarily to foreigners who hold the national debt of the United States in Treasury securities and the like?  That to me is eminently sensible because when that debt comes down, we reduce the need for $1 billion a day in taxes being collected across America for interest and we reduce the Federal demand for money. When the Federal demand for money goes down, the cost of money--that is, the interest rate--comes down. Families benefit twofold: There is less of a burden when it comes to taxes for interest and paying off the national debt and lower interest rates, which means homes are more affordable and small businesses and farmers can at a lower cost borrow money necessary for their businesses. That to me is a sensible approach. In fact, let me go out on a limb and say it is a conservative approach.  The Democratic plan we are putting forward is the fiscally conservative approach to deal with the national debt. I am heartened by the earlier statement of the Republican Senator from Ohio when he agreed with us. He believes, as I do and as Chairman Alan Greenspan of the Federal Reserve Board has said, that our first priority should be the elimination of that debt and keeping our commitment to Social Security and Medicare.  Do not be misled as you hear some of my colleagues say we have $3 trillion in surplus and we ought to be able to at least give a third of it back to the American people. They do not tell you the whole story. Almost $2 trillion, $1.9 trillion of the $3 trillion, is really money that we virtually all agree should be dedicated to Social Security. We do not want to raid the Social Security trust fund. People have that money taken out of their payroll for the purpose of making certain Social Security is there in the future. Those who are counting that as some sort of surplus really are not dealing fairly with the most important social program in America. So take off the table of this $3 trillion surplus $1.9 trillion, leaving you a little over a trillion dollars.  Of that amount, how much are we going to dedicate for some very important things--paying down the debt orMedicare? The Medicare system, if we do not touch it, by the year 2015, is going to be out of money. We have to decide whether or not we will dedicate a portion of our surplus to Medicare. Do we need to do more for Medicare? Of course, we do. Beyond giving money to retire the debt and Medicare, we have to make some structural changes that may be painful, but they will be ever so much more painful if we do not dedicate a portion of our surplus to Medicare.  Also, we have to look to the basic needs of Government. The Senator from West Virginia has made this point. Every American expects the Federal Government to meet certain responsibilities:  National defense, of course; transportation.  We know what the Interstate Highway System has brought to America and the demands for a more modern transportation system in every State--better highways, mass transit.  Fighting crime: The Federal Government played an important role with 100,000 new cops, and we will continue that.  The whole question of what we are going to do in the area of medical research.  I commend my colleague, the Senator from West Virginia. It is an area near and dear to the hearts of everyone with whom I have spoken that the Federal Government press forward looking for cures for asthma, diabetes, cancer, heart disease, AIDS, and the many things that challenge us and our families.  We expect that Federal commitment and other regulatory responsibilities. When we open that medicine cabinet, we hope, the Food and Drug Administration has done its job, that every prescription drug there is safe and effective and that they have money to do it. The food we eat is still the safest in the world and will continue to be.  If we go down the track that is proposed by the Republicans in their trillion-dollar tax cut, we literally will imperil these programs. It is a fact of life. It will be Pollyanna-ish to suggest we can make a cut of $180 billion a year, as the Republicans have proposed, without having some impact on veterans programs, on Head Start, on transportation, and medical research. That becomes a major part of this discussion.  Let's take a look for a moment, if you will, at what some of the economists have said about the Republican tax bill. Fifty economists, including six Nobel laureates, have said:       An ever-growing tax cut would drain Government resources      just when the aging of the population starts to put      substantial stress on Social Security and Medicare.  That, of course, means as we have more and more people reaching retirement age and wanting to live their lives comfortably and independently, Social Security and Medicare absolutely have to be there.  The Republican approach to this, sad to report, not only does not protect the Social Security trust fund; if you will look at this chart, when it gets into the red ink, it means the Republican tax break plan has finally broken through and started using money from the Social Security trust fund. At the year 2005, the Republican tax breaks would raid the Social Security surplus. After all of the speeches they have given about lockboxes and protecting Social Security, they in fact turn to that money and pull it out in 2005, for what? To give tax breaks to the wealthiest among us.  There is a commentator named Kevin Phillips who for years was identified as a Republican. I do not know what his partisan identification is, honestly, but I can tell you what he had to say yesterday on National Public Radio. It is something that every American should hear. He was introduced by Bob Edwards, a familiar voice on National Public Radio, who said:       The Republican Party last week had its tax reduction      proposal passed by the House of Representatives. Commentator      Kevin Phillips says it's the most unsound fiscal legislation      of the last half century.  I go on to read quotes from Mr. Phillips.       . . . that's because the cuts are predicated on federal      budget surpluses so far out, six, eight or ten years, that it      would take an astrologer, not an economist, to predict      federal revenues.  He goes on to talk about the fairness of the tax cuts. Kevin Phillips:       . . . Democrats are certainly correct about the imbalance      of benefits by income group. Treasury figures show that the      top 1 percent of families, just 1 percent, would get 33      percent of the dollar cuts, the bottom 60 percent of families      get a mere 7 percent.  So if you are in the category of a Donald Trump or a Bill Gates, or someone else, this is worth a lot of money. The Republican tax break plan literally could mean $10-, $20-, or $30,000 a year. But if you are a working family, struggling to make ends meet, putting some money together for your kid's college education or your own retirement, it turns out to be in the neighborhood of $20 or $30 a year. That, unfortunately, says a lot about what the Republican proposal would mean to the average family. To endanger our economic expansion, to possibly raise interest rates on home mortgages, business loans and farmers' loans, and to provide tax breaks which are amusing, at best, for average working families, that does not sound like a very sound deal.  The Senator from West Virginia made the point, and effectively. We should be dedicating these funds to retiring this national debt. It is still hard to believe that only 2 years ago we were talking about amending the Constitution for a balanced budget amendment because we were so hopelessly ensnared by deficits--it was the only way out. Now we are talking about giving money away at such a fast pace that we can endanger the economic recovery we have seen in the United States.  Let me read Kevin Phillips' conclusion in his remarks on National Public Radio's ``Morning Edition'' on Monday, July 26:       We can fairly call the House legislation the most      outrageous tax package in the last 50 years. It's worse than      the 1981 excesses, you have to go back to 1948, when the      Republican 80th Congress sent a kindred bill to President      Harry Truman. Truman vetoed it, calling the Republicans      bloodsuckers, with offices on Wall Street.  Not my words--Kevin Phillips'.       Not only did [Truman] win reelection, but the Democrats      recaptured Congress.  I think that puts it in a perspective that we should all be willing to acknowledge. If we are going to deal responsibly with tax cuts for working families, we have to do it in a way that does not tip the scales too heavily on the side of the wealthiest in America.  This is a good illustration: For the top 1 percent of wage earners in America, under the Republican tax break plan, a $22,964 average payment; for the bottom 60 percent, families making less than $38,200 a year--hold on to your hats, America--the Republican tax break plan gives you $139. That is a little over $10 a month. But look what Bill Gates and other folks are coming out with. It is the same old story.  Take a look at when the Republican tax break plan starts to bite. If you are in the baby boom generation, thinking about an idyllic retirement someday, right about the time you start to retire, the Republican tax breaks explode.  What does it mean? It means that, frankly, there will be less money around for the basics of life that we expect from the Federal Government. It is hard to imagine that we are in a position, as we are today with this economic expansion, of jeopardizing it with this kind of a tax break plan. I think it is far better for us to take an approach which the President and the Democrats support--I am beginning to believe some Republicans support--which suggests that our priorities should include Medicare, Social Security, and paying down the national debt.  The Republican approach literally provides no money, no money whatsoever, for us to take care of our Medicare obligation. I think it is just disingenuous for the Republicans to argue that they are only spending 25 percent of the surplus because we know that the unified surplus is, in fact, including the $1.9 trillion in Social Security trust funds. They talk a lot about lockboxes and protecting Social Security, and yet when it comes right down to it, when you look at the money available outside of Social Security, the actual surplus that we hope to imagine, 97 percent of it goes to the Republican tax cut and little or no money for Medicare and other national priorities.  This debate this week is critically important for all American families tosustain the economic expansion which we have seen for the last 7 years.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  