President, I stand in support of the amendment offered by the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Ashcroft. I have listened to the arguments of both sides to this point and have found them interesting. I certainly join Senator Fitzgerald in noting that Illinois is a great agricultural State. I have visited that State regularly over the past several months, including most recently on Monday, in Lincoln, IL, meeting with farmers who are, in fact, suffering from perhaps one of the worst price depressions that they have witnessed in decades. They need help. That is why the underlying bill, the Agriculture appropriations bill, and the emergency bill that is part of it, is so important.  It has been portrayed during the course of this debate that addressing the question of unilateral sanctions involving food and medicine exports from the United States will be of some assistance to the farmers. I think that is possible. But I have to concede that the countries we are talking about are generally so small as to not have a major impact on the agricultural exports of the United States.  I believe the Senator from New Jersey, who opposes this amendment, mentioned that we are talking about a potential export of 1.7 percent of our entire agricultural export budget. That is not the kind of infusion of purchasing in our agricultural economy that will turn it around. So I don't believe this amendment, in and of itself, is a major agricultural amendment, although it clearly will have some impact on agriculture. But I do believe it stands for a proposition that is worth supporting. Let me tell you why.  First, I believe that we have learned over the course of recent history that unilateral sanctions by the United States just don't work. When we decide on our own to impose sanctions on a country, it is usually because we are unhappy with their conduct, so we will stop trade or impose some sort of embargo to show our displeasure. You can understand that because some of the actions we have responded to were horrendous and heinous. The bombings of embassies and other terrorist acts raise the anger of the American people, and through their elected representatives, we respond with sanctions. That is understandable, and it is a natural human and political reaction.  I think we would have to concede that over time those unilateral sanctions have very little impact on the targeted country. In the time I have served on Capitol Hill, for about 17years, I can only think of one instance where the imposition of sanctions had the desired result, and that, of course, was in the case of South Africa. It was not a unilateral sanction by the United States. We were involved in multilateral sanctions with other countries against the apartheid regime in South Africa, and we were successful in changing that regime.  But as you look back at the other countries we have imposed unilateral sanctions on, with the United States standing alone, you can hardly point to similar positive results. So I think we have learned a lesson well that merely imposing those sanctions alone seldom accomplishes the goals that we seek.  I do note, in reviewing this amendment by Senator Ashcroft, as has been noted by others, he makes allowances for the United States to continue to impose unilateral sanctions under specific situations. Of course, if there is a declaration of war, and certainly if the President comes to Congress and asks that we impose sanctions for products which may in and of themselves be dangerous, such as high technology and the like, products which have been identified by the Department of Commerce as being dangerous to America's best interests.  I applaud the Senator from Missouri for making those provisions. It gives any administration the wherewithal to impose unilateral sanctions in extraordinary cases. But I understand this amendment to suggest that if we are not dealing with extraordinary cases, we should basically be willing to sell food and medicine to countries around the world.  I have found it interesting that my colleagues who oppose this amendment have come to the floor to describe these potential trading partners as tyrants, dictators, and terrorist states. One of the Senators came to the floor with graphic presentations of some of the dictators in these countries. Not a single person on the floor this evening would make any allowance for the terrible conduct by some of these terrorist regimes. But I must remind my colleagues during the course of this debate that, after World War II, we were engaged in a cold war that went on for almost five decades, which involved the Soviet Union and China. During that cold war, some terrible things occurred involving those countries and the United States.  We expended trillions of dollars defending against the Soviet Union and trying to stop the expansion of communism. We decided they were our major target, and so many debates in the Senate and in the House were predicated on whether or not we were stopping, or in any way aiding, the growth of communism.  Despite this cold war's intensity, which more or less monopolized foreign relations in the United States for half of this century, we found ourselves during that same period of time trading and selling food to Russia, the Soviet Union, and selling foodstuffs to China and other countries. I guess we adopted the premise that former Senator Hubert Humphrey used to say should guide us when it comes to this economy. We asked him whether he would sell food to the Communists and he said, ``I will sell them anything they can't shoot back at me.'' I think it was a practical viewpoint that, when it gets down to it, we are not the sole suppliers of food in the world. For us to cut off food supplies to any given country is no guarantee they will starve. In fact, they can turn to other resources.  So those who would say to us we should impose unilateral sanctions on a country such as Cuba, I think, have forgotten the lesson of history that, not that long ago, we were selling wheat to Russia at a time when we were at the height of the cold war. I think that is a lesson in history to be remembered.  The second question is whether or not we should, as a policy, exempt food and medicine when it comes to any sanctions. I believe that is the gravamen of the amendment offered by the Senator from Missouri. I think he is right. I say to those who believe that by imposing unilateral sanctions involving the sale of food and medicine from the United States on these dictatorial regimes we will have some impact, please take a look at the pictures of the dictators that you presented for us to view this evening.  Now, I have been watching Mr. Castro in the media for over 40 years and I don't see him thin and emaciated or malnourished. He seems to be finding food somewhere, as do many other people in states where we have our differences. But I do suspect that when you get closer to the real people in these countries, you will find they are the ones who are disadvantaged by these sanctions on food and medicine.  Let me tell you, there was a report issued 2 years ago by the American Association for World Health, ``Denial of Food and Medicine: The Impact of the U.S. Embargo on Health and Nutrition in Cuba.'' It concluded that:       The U.S. embargo of Cuba has dramatically harmed the health      and nutrition of large numbers of ordinary Cubans.  The report went on to say:       The declining availability of foodstuffs, medicines, and      such basic medical supplies as replacement parts for 30-year-     old x-ray machines is taking a tragic human toll. The embargo      has closed so many windows that, in some instances, Cuban      physicians have found it impossible to obtain life-saving      machines from any source under any circumstances. Patients      have died.  I quote from a letter I received from Bishop William Purcell from the Diocese of Chicago who told me his experience in visiting villages.  He said:       I was especially struck by the impact of the American      embargo on people's health. We saw huge boxes of expired bill      samples in a hospital. Other than those, the shelves of the      pharmacy were almost bare. We talked with patients waiting      for surgeons who could not be operated upon because their X      ray machines from Germany had broken down. A woman was      choking from asthma from lack of inhaler.  I hope you will pay particular attention to this. The bishop says:       At the AIDS center, plastic gloves had been washed and hung      on a line to dry for reuse. The examples of people directly      suffering from the impact of our government's policy after      all of these years was sad and embarrassing to see.  That was in the letter he sent to me. But many other religious groups in the United States have reached the same conclusion. The U.S. Catholic Conference and others have termed our policy with Cuba ``morally unacceptable.''  I don't come to the floor today to in any way apologize or defend the policies of Fidel Castro in Cuba or for shooting the plane down in 1997. That was a savage, barbaric act. No excuse can be made for that type of conduct. But when we try to focus on stopping the conduct of leaders such as Castro by imposing sanctions that embargo food and medicine, I don't think we strike at the heart of the leadership of these countries. Instead, we strike at poor people--poor people who continue to suffer.  Many folks on this floor will remember the debate just a few weeks ago when we were shocked to learn that India and Pakistan had detonated nuclear devices. This was a dramatic change in the balance of power in the world, with two new entries in the nuclear club. Countries which we suspected were developing nuclear weapons had in fact detonated them to indicate that our fears were real.  Under existing law, we could have imposed sanctions on India and Pakistan at that time to show our displeasure. We did not. We made a conscious decision to vote in the Senate not to do that. We concluded, even at the risk of nuclear war in the subcontinent, that it was not in our best interests or smart foreign policy to impose these sanctions.  So you have to ask yourself, why do we continue to cling to this concept when it comes to Cuba, that after some 40 years this is the way we are going to change the Cuban regime?  I think the way to change the regime in Cuba and many other countries has been demonstrated clearly over the last decade. Think about the Berlin Wall coming down and the end of communism in Eastern Europe. It had as much to do with the fact that we opened up these countries after years of isolation. Finally, these countries saw what the rest of the world had to offer. They understood better what lifestyle and quality of life meant in the Western part of the world, and when they compared that to the Communist regime, they started racing for democracy.  That, to me, is an indication of what would also happen in Cuba. If we start opening up trade in food and medicineand other relations with that country, I predict that we would have much more success in bringing down an objectionable regime than anything we have done over the past four decades.  We have learned the lesson from the cold war. We know you cannot bring a country to its knees by denying export of food and medicine. We should also know that the best way to end dictatorial and totalitarian regimes is to open trade, open commerce, and open channels of communication.  The amendment that has been offered by the Senator from Missouri is an attempt to address not only the agricultural crisis that faces America but, from my point of view, a much more sensible approach to a foreign policy goal which all Americans share.  Let us find ways to punish the terrorists and punish those guilty of wrongdoing. But let us not do it at the expense of innocent people, whether they are farmers in the United States or populations overseas which are the unwitting pawns in this foreign policy game.  I support this amendment. I hope my colleagues will join in that effort.  I yield the floor.  