 Those who stay glued to the screens watching C-SPAN and the Senate debate know what this is all about. Those who come to the gallery or tune in may not understand why we are on the floor today with a few Members very deeply involved in debate.  This is a debate over the use of America's public lands, lands owned by all of us as citizens of the United States. We have a lot of them, literally millions of acres. Some of them are beautiful, pristine parks, and some are national forests.  Many of these lands are used for a variety of purposes. Some are used for recreational and tourism purposes, our beautiful National Park System which was instituted by a famous Republican President, Theodore Roosevelt, who opened Yosemite National Park and started the park system, and many other aspects such as the National Forest System, of which we have in Illinois the Shawnee National Forest, one of the more beautiful parts of our State. We are very proud of it.  Then as you go out West, you find a variety of public lands. I am the sponsor of a bill, on which perhaps a dozen of my colleagues have joined me, for the so-called Utah Wilderness, an area much different from my national forest in southern Illinois, but as a desert, in its own way, it has a special beauty. It is a wilderness area owned by the Federal Government.  We say that many areas of public land are going to be protected, that literally no one can use them, or, if you do, it is in a very careful manner. But we say as well that there are some lands which can be used, public lands, by private individuals and companies for a fee. So we invite onto some lands, like national forests, logging companies that come in and chop down trees. They make a profit off the lumber. They give money to the Federal Government to use that land to chop those trees down.  We also allow mining companies to come in on public land to mine for minerals which they turn around and sell. We say to western ranchers: You can let your cattle graze on public lands here, chew the grass, get fat to bring to market to make you a profit. You will pay us a fee to do it, but you are welcome to use the land.  This debate is about the use of public lands where oil companies come in and drill for oil. Keep it in perspective. The oil companies do not own the land. We do. The taxpayers do. The oil companies--private companies--come in and bid for the right to drill for oil. If they are fortunate and find oil they can then sell for a profit, they give us back a rental fee called a royalty. That is what this debate is all about. It is about 5 percent of the oil companies in America, the largest oil companies, and whether they will pay to us, as taxpayers, to the Federal Government, a fair rental payment, a royalty payment for extracting oil from our land and selling it for a profit.  Sounds like a pretty simple undertaking. We put a formula into law. The formula said: We are going to base the royalty that you pay the taxpayers for drilling oil on public lands based on what the price of the oil is. It sounds eminently sensible, reasonable, and easy. It is not. We found, over the last several years, that the oil companies have found ways to avoid coming upwith the real price of the oil. They have six or seven different schemes they use to basically pay less to the taxpayers than they are supposed to pay.  How can I say that? I can say it because a lot of States and the Federal Government have taken the oil companies to court and have said they did not pay the royalty required by law. The oil companies, over several years, have paid back $5 billion that was underpaid in royalties. We caught them with their hands in the cookie jar. They had not paid the taxpayers--State and Federal taxpayers--what they were required to pay under the law.  The amendment before us by the Senator from Texas, Mrs. Hutchison, says, the Department of the Interior cannot recalculate this royalty fee based on the new prices of oil. It would be the fourth time in several years that we stopped the Interior Department from recalculating the royalty. In other words, we are saying we do not care if the oil companies owe us more money, we are not going to collect it.  How much is it worth to us, to the taxpayers? It is $5.6 million per month. Some watching this will say: For goodness' sake, don't they lose that on the floor of the Treasury when they are mopping up at night? And $5.6 million a month, that isn't much by Federal standards where you talk about trillions and billions.  They have a point. But for the average person, the average family, the average business, $66 million a year is real money, real money that the oil companies should pay us and are not paying us and will not pay us if the Hutchison amendment passes because the Hutchison amendment insulates the oil companies from this recalculation of the royalty that they pay. Why? Why in the world would we take the oil companies and do this?  If this were the Little Sisters of the Poor about to have their mortgage foreclosed on their convent, for goodness' sake, count me in. I will be ready to consider an amendment. We are talking about the largest oil companies in the world. They are being protected by this amendment. I think it is a bit unseemly, if you will, for these oil companies to come on our land--not their land--drill oil, an irreplaceable resource, sell it for a profit, and refuse to pay the taxpayers what they owe them for being on this land. That is what this amendment does.  