President, as the Senator from Kansas has noted--and, Mr. President, your tie notes--today is St. Patrick's Day, and it is a fitting time to remember not only the Irish heritage, which so many Americans--over 40 million--claim, but also as equally important is the significant progress that has been made in this island nation over the last several months to finally bring peace. Tributes, of course, could be given to so many different people.  Today, we were meeting with Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, as well as President Clinton, and the leaders from Northern Ireland, as well as the Republic of Ireland, celebrating their courage and the fact that they have received the Nobel Peace Prize for their endeavors, and really making certain that we double our resolve so that peace can come to that land.  The Good Friday Peace Agreement that was entered into and initiated about a year ago outlined the political settlement to three decades of political and sectarian violence in Northern Ireland. It also reminds us, too, that there is a lot of hard work to be done to complete this agreement.  Over the last 30 years, more than 3,200 people have died in Northern Ireland and thousands more were injured. In 1997, the British and Irish Governments sponsored peace talks, chaired by our former colleague, Senator George Mitchell, and attended by eight political parties.  Senator Mitchell will be receiving an award this evening at the White House from the President and representatives of Ireland for his amazing role in bringing about this peace process. It is a much-deserved accolade.  An agreement was reached on April 10, 1998, that includes the formation of a Northern Ireland Assembly, a North/South Ministerial Council, and a British-Irish Council. The agreement also contains provisions on human rights, decommissioning of weapons, policing, and prisoners. Voters in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland approved the agreement on May 22. Elections to the new assembly were held on June 25. Enabling legislation has been passed by the Irish and British Parliaments, the necessary international agreements have been signed, and many prisoners have been released.  However, some contentious issues still remain before the agreement is implemented. In addition to former Senator George Mitchell, the Clinton administration and many Members of Congress and Senators have played a positive role in the peace process. Again, the parties have turned to the United States for leadership and mediation. Many party leaders from Northern Ireland will be at the White House this evening. Let me also say I attended last night a special tribute to one of our colleagues, Senator Ted Kennedy. The American-Ireland Fund presented him with their Man of the Year Award for his extraordinary contribution toward this peace process throughout his career in the U.S. Senate.  This resolution which we are considering today is cosponsored by 34 of my colleagues. It recognizes the historic first anniversary of the Good Friday peace agreement, encourages the parties to move forward to implement it, and congratulates the people of the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland for their courageous commitment to work together for peace. I appreciate my colleagues' support of this resolution, and I hope it will add another constructive measure of support for the meetings going on at the White House today.  I am glad the Senate, when it enacts this resolution, will be on record this year to not only celebrate the legacy of Ireland and the legacy of St. Patrick, but to look to the future of that great country, a future in peace, a future as one people.  