President, this is indeed a strange day on Capitol Hill--January 19, 1999--and I am sure that history will look back on this day as one of stark contrast. It is a day when the President will deliver his State of the Union Address, and of course that is a historic ritual which began with President Wilson and will continue with President Clinton this evening.  The oddity, of course, is that some of the same Members of the House of Representatives who over the span of the last week have stood on the floor of this Senate Chamber and at various times described the President as being ``corrupt'' or ``felonious,'' as being ``one who has turned his back on the law'' will be, tonight, in the House Chamber applauding this President as he comes to the floor.  Many people might view this as somewhat hypocritical. I do not. I think it reflects two basic values in American life: The first and most important is a presumption of innocence, a presumption which is extended to every person when they are accused by their accusers, be it government or otherwise, until proven otherwise.  Today, there is a suggestion that we will hear for the first time the defense of the President and hear the other side of the story. That presumption of innocence, I think, argues that all of us come to the State of the Union Address tonight with an open mind to the issues at hand, serious issues facing the country.  The second and equally important value that will be tested this evening is one which I have seen in my time on Capitol Hill tested time and time again. I can certainly recall at the height of the Iran-contra affair when President Reagan came to give a State of the Union Address. I had very serious concerns about the Iran-contra affair, the sale of arms to an avowed enemy of the United States, the diversion of proceeds from that sale to contras, rebels, in Nicaragua, in direct violation of the law, and all of that proceeding and all of that controversy which led to the eventual prosecution of members of the President's Cabinet.  In the midst of that was a State of the Union Address by President Reagan. Many of us who were critical of the Iran-contra affair came to that State of the Union Address and gave appropriate respect to the President in his presentation to Congress and to the American people.  I expect the same thing to occur tonight. And I expect that what we have heard this morning on the floor from the Democratic side about the agenda that we are hoping to propose and push forward during the coming months will be addressed by the President in his speech. At this point, I reserve the balance of my time.  