 In just a few moments, we will go to the Appropriations Committee and consider the D.C. appropriations. I ask my friend from North Dakota to follow with me for just a moment on some of the facts that we will face.  I do love the District of Columbia. I went to college and law school here, and it is a beautiful city. I think anyone who has been here more than 15 minutes knows that it has serious problems when it comes to the crime rate, when it comes to the status in schools. The District of Columbia has an annual budget of about $5 billion; $1.8 billion comes directly from the Federal Government. We are big players when it comes to the District's budget.  The District of Columbia's city council has decided that things are going so well in this city, when it comes to crime and schools, they have $59 million that they are going to give back to the residents in tax cuts.  To a staffer of mine the other day, at the end of the day, I said: Do you need a ride home?  He said: I only live 5 blocks from the Capitol Building of the United States. I ordinarily walk, but last week a woman was stabbed to death in my neighborhood 5 blocks from the United States Capitol Building.  I said: Do you know what you need in your neighborhood, according to the D.C. city council? You need a tax break.  Let's get serious about it. The first thing the residents of the District of Columbia want is safety in the streets and quality schools. This D.C. city council has turned its back on that. They said: We are going to acknowledge the fact that we are the worst in the Nation when it comes to infant mortality, the worst in the Nation when it comes to the basic standards of judging children, and yet we are going to stop spending money and helping these kids. We are going to give it back in a tax cut.  Then they turn around, wanting an additional $17 million for a scholarship program, money that is going to be taken out of the Labor-HHS appropriations.  What could that money do? It is money that goes to the National Institutes of Health for medical research. They want $17 million of that to spend on a scholarship program, while they give away $59 million.  I concur with the Senator from North Dakota. I have never felt it was my congressional responsibility to be the mayor of this town or a member of the city council. But when they are absorbing Federal money, we have the right to say: You have done something which is shameful. To give away $59 million worth of problems that this city faces is just unconscionable.  If you walked into any Senate office or any House office and asked the staff members: Has anybody here been mugged, has your home been broken into or your car? You would be shocked. It is a common occurrence in this town.  We have to do something about it. I salute the Senator from North Dakota. I hope that he is aware of the debate we are about to have in a few moments.  