President, having said all these wonderful things about Senator Domenici, I am going to tell you what is wrong with his budget resolution, and he is not going to be a bit surprised by all that.  There are a few things where we do disagree. As Senator Grams of Minnesota just mentioned, there is overriding concern by all of us about the future of Social Security. I think Senator Conrad on the Democratic side offered a very novel, imaginative, and positive contribution to this debate when he suggested we lock up the Social Security surplus for Social Security.  This would be done by requiring that an extraordinary vote of 60 votes would be required to spend the Social Security trust fund surplus for anything other than Social Security. We understand Social Security is a solid covenant between generations. Without it, 16 million more Americans would live in poverty, and Social Security is the principal source of income for two-thirds of older Americans and the only source of income for nearly one-fifth of our seniors.  This trust fund will go bankrupt in the year 2034 when people like myself, if we are lucky to be alive, will be part of the huge baby-boom generation looking to a smaller pool of American workers to sustain us. That is why the actions we take today for the future of Social Security are so critically important.  I am afraid the Republican alternative in this budget resolution is not nearly as good as Senator Conrad's suggestion of a 60-vote lockbox. I am afraid we have fallen short of the mark when coming to guaranteeing the future of Social Security in this budget resolution.  There is another element, though, that is even more mystifying. There is an old poem that goes something like this:       As I was walking up the stair, I met a man who wasn't      there. He wasn't there again today. I wish that man would go      away.  The man I am talking about is Medicare. The problem with Medicare will not go away. The Medicare trust fund is expected to go bankrupt in the year 2015. If that is not bad enough, as baby boomers like myself retire, the strain will become even greater. By 2034, the number of Medicare beneficiaries is expected to double to almost 80 million American seniors.  The Democrats had a proposal to deal with that. The Democrats came forward and said we should dedicate a substantial portion of any future surplus to go to Medicare so that in addition to reforming Medicare, we would be putting our surplus funds into it so that it would be strong for many years to come. Our lockbox proposal for Medicare would save $376 billion of the budget surplus for the next 10 years, and it would extend Medicare solvency by 12 years to the year 2027.  By locking these funds away, we make sure the country will have time for a serious debate on the future of Medicare reform while we are certain that it is going to be solvent. Unfortunately and sadly, and almost without explanation, the Republican budget proposal before us today does not put away a single penny--not one cent--for Medicare. It does not extend the life of the trust fund by a single day. That, I think, is an abdication of responsibility, not just to the 40 million seniors who depend on Medicare but to their children who want their parents and grandparents to live in dignity and without worry about medical bills.  If we ignore Medicare, we are ignoring a looming crisis. This budget resolution does not address it. We will be hearing from the other side about how this budget resolution ``fully funds Medicare.'' But a fully funded Medicare is still going to go bankrupt in just 16 years. The truth is, this budget does not do anything substantial for the Medicare system. It could leave it withering on the vine from neglect.  This chart indicates the difference in approach between the Republican side in blue and the Democratic side in red about the dedication of surpluses for Social Security and Medicare.  You can see a substantial difference between the two; in the years 2000 to 2004 composite--the first graph--and then later the 2000 to 2009 composite. It indicates the different dedication of funds to make certain Medicare is included in any plan that is a part of this budget resolution.  Let me speak for a moment about tax cuts, too. As I have said many times, there is just no more appealing phrase for a politician than, ``I favor a tax cut.'' People cheer, ``Oh, we love you. This is great.'' But we have to be honest with the American people. Some politicians in the past have talked about, ``Read my lips: No new taxes.'' The American people learned a lesson there. They want honest talk about taxes. They do not want promises that cannot be kept or promises that we should not keep. The Democratic plan has targeted tax cuts, after we dedicated funds for Social Security, after we dedicated funds for Medicare. We kept a substantial portion aside for tax cuts targeted for the American families truly in need.  That would include USA accounts, the President suggested, so that more working families can save for retirement.  Long-term care tax credits, think of how many people are worried about their parents and grandparents now in nursing homes or in need of special care. This $1,000 tax credit would be a helping hand to literally millions of Americans in that predicament.  The child and dependent care tax credit, we proposed $6.3 billion to help pay for child care. We want Americans to work. But while they work, we want their children to be in safe and loving hands. And that means quality day care and stepping in to help low-income families so they can pay for that day care. And a tax credit for work-related expenses for people with disabilities. This will defray special employment-related costs incurred by those people with disabilities, such as transportation and technology costs.  Our tax cuts are geared to make certain that we meet our obligations first to Social Security and Medicare, and then to the American working families who most deserve them. It is still a mystery as to what the Republican tax cut will be. I am not sure. Perhaps we will have an explanation of it sometime later today before we vote on this budget resolution.  But, in fact, we have heard one proposal from John Kasich, the chairman of the House Budget Committee, about a 10-percent, across-the-board tax cut. What would that tax cut mean? It is a good day to ask the question--on April 15.  For those with incomes under $38,000 a year, the Republican tax cut of Mr. Kasich is $99 a year. That is almost $8.25 a month that people will have to spend under the Republican tax cut, if they happen to be among the 60 percent of working Americans who make less than $38,000 a year. Think of it--a Republican tax cut that might pay half of your cable TV bill each month. Isn't that something to look forward to?  But if you happen to be in an income category in the stratosphere--over $300,000 a year--a 10-percent tax cut is $20,697.  So the people with the money are given the tax cuts. The folks who are working to raise their families and pay their bills, under this Republican tax-cut plan, get $99 a year. I do not think that is fair. April 15 is a good time to talk about taxes. I want to remind my wife to get the forms in the mail before midnight back home. We want to make sure we do file our taxes on time, as all Americans should. But I hope that we will take a minute to reflect on the tax burden in America and what has happened to it.  The median family income in America--that is the average--is $54,000. If you look at the tax burden on working families in America over the last 22 years, you will see an interesting thing has occurred. The taxes had gone up in the early 1980s, and then started coming down; and then look where they have dropped by 1999--the lowest tax burden in 23 years.  Anyone writing a check today will say, ``I wish it was even lower,'' but the fact is it has been coming down. The U.S. Treasury reports a family of four, with the median income of $54,900, will pay the lowest percentage of its income in taxes since 1976. It shows that many families with half the median income--these are folks making about $27,000 a year--let me show this chart here--some of our hardest working families, I might add--will actually pay no income tax at all or get a check back from the government. They have an average income tax burden of a negative 1 percent. Their overall tax burden is the lowest in more than 30 years. This chart indicates it is the lowest in 35 years. A family of four can make up to as much as $28,000 and not owe a dime in taxes.  Incidentally, one of the reasons many of these family tax burdens are lower isbecause of our expansion of the earned income tax credit in 1993. This tax credit focuses on helping working families.  What a contrast: A Republican proposal by a Congressman from Ohio for a tax cut to benefit the wealthiest; the earned income tax credit designed to help working families. It really tells a world of difference in philosophy when it comes to tax cuts.  The interesting thing is if you look at those who are doing pretty well in America, those making twice the median income; that would be over $109,000 a year. Their tax burden is also declining. The average Federal tax burden of a family of four with twice the median income is the lowest it has been since 1988, and the second lowest since 1977.  We back these figures up by an analysis, not from some Democratic Party organ but, rather, the accounting firm Deloitte and Touche, a group recognized as reputable in the field. Their analysis shows that the average Federal tax rate is lower today than it was 20 years ago for virtually every type of taxpayer.  We want to continue that, target the tax cuts to the families that need it the most, but it is not in this budget resolution--an approach which is so general as to suggest we would be giving tax cuts to the wealthiest among us instead of those who work the hardest, the working families struggling to put their kids through school.  We are going to face a crisis here on this budget debate, and it will come soon. I am afraid when we take a look at the Republican budget resolution, with tax cuts for wealthy people, we are going to find ourselves cutting back on a lot of spending. Some on the Republican side have stood up and very honestly said that is OK, ``We believe that cutting back on Federal spending is good at any cost.'' I have second thoughts about that, because some of the programs which we will cut with this budget resolution are critically important to many American families.  As a result of this resolution, as many as 100,000 fewer American kids would have access to Head Start--Head Start-- that early childhood development program where kids get a chance to prepare themselves for kindergarten and first grade. One-hundred thousand more kids in America would be off the program as a result of this budget resolution.  Another program, that is near and dear to my heart, the WIC Program--Women, Infants, and Children Program--brings in pregnant mothers, mothers with young children, and helps them with nutritional assistance during the pregnancy and after the children are born. One out of four American babies is in this program. Lower-income families need this helping hand to make sure their kids get nutritious food and so that the mother is healthy when she delivers the baby.  Is there any better investment of money in this country than doing what we can to make sure that our pregnant mothers and their children, at their earliest age, are off to a healthy, nutritious start? This Republican budget resolution will cut over 1.2 million low-income women, children, and infants from the WIC Program. How can that make this a better country?  And when it comes to some basic things, we all abhor drugs in America and drug crimes, and yet with this budget we will be forced to cut the number of Border Patrol agents who are trying to ferret out those smuggling narcotics into America. So 1,350 fewer Border Patrol agents, 780 fewer drug enforcement agency personnel out there fighting the war on drugs--think about that for a second. Does that make any sense? More drugs in America, so we would have more people ultimately committing crimes and going to prison because we give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in this country. This is upside down thinking and a reason why many of us question its wisdom.  Funding eliminated for 21 Superfund sites; 73,000 summer jobs and training opportunities cut.  The list goes on.  Cuts in food safety. You ask the American people, what do you expect of your Federal Government? In the State of Iowa a poll said: The first thing is to make sure the food we eat is safe to eat. People are concerned about that. They hear about scandals where children eat tainted food, or the elderly do, and get seriously ill, if not die, and yet we cut back in the Department of Agriculture in areas of food safety. How can we possibly rationalize and explain that in the name of giving greater tax cuts to wealthy Americans?  Let me close by saying that I respect the hard work that has gone into this budget. I respect the serious difference of opinion between the Republican side and the Democratic side.  I think ours is a more balanced and rational approach. It takes care of the future of Social Security. It provides help for Medicare where the Republican budget resolution provides none. It provides tax cuts for families that really need it and doesn't give tax cuts to the wealthiest among us. It also provides that we will have the money available to meet the basic needs of America when it comes to educating kids, feeding pregnant mothers and children, providing for the kind of law enforcement that is essential for the security of this country.  I hope that before this is all said and done, President Clinton can bring the leaders on Capitol Hill, the Republican leaders in the Senate and the House, together and that we can work out some reasonable bipartisan compromise. I am afraid this budget resolution does not reflect that, and that is why I am going to respectfully oppose it and vote against it.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitzgerald). The Senator from New Mexico.  