President.  I fully support the amendment offered by Senator Kohl and Senator Sessions. This gets to the heart of it. This would be a real test as to whether or not we are going to close one of the major loopholes in the bankruptcy law, a homestead exemption loophole where a person goes into the bankruptcy court and says: I am broke. I can't pay my debts.  The court says: Well, I guess we will have to discharge these debts. You can't pay them. But, of course, you keep your home.  Different States define how much value there could be in that home. We have seen in case after case where some have received a lot of publicity and we have people who are holding back homes that are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars under this homestead exemption and keeping that out of court. This is a ruse. It is a fraud.  I thank Senator Kohl and Senator Sessions for their leadership in introducing this amendment. I hope it passes.  Incidentally, this same amendment was defeated in the House of Representatives in the last session. I am not sure if they voted directly on it in this session. But it gives you an indication that some in the House who pound the table for reform in bankruptcy are the last in line when it is going to stop the fattest of cats from protecting themselves from bankruptcy by buying these huge homes and ranches.  I hope Senator Kohl is successful. I will be supporting him in every way I can.  Let me tell you one of the reasons I am here today to discuss this bankruptcy code. It is because of the increase in filings over the last several year. It is true that more people have gone into bankruptcy court.  It is an interesting thing that as our economy improves more people file for bankruptcy. Logic would argue just the opposite. But apparently people get into a frame of mind where they are so optimistic that they get strung out with too much debt. They never think they are going to lose a job.  They never think they will face a divorce. They never anticipate the possibility of medical expenses for which they cannot pay.  