 Let me say at the outset that the Senator from Pennsylvania misstated this amendment. This amendment says an employer can be held liable only when that employer uses his discretionary authority to make a decision on a claim. If a decision is made by an insurance company hired by the employer, the employer cannot be held liable. That is what this language says clearly.  Is there a time when an employer could be held liable? We found two cases. You decide whether they should be brought into court.  The employer collected the premiums from the employee and did not turn them in to the insurance company. When the employee had a claim, the insurance company said: You are not on the books.  In the second situation, the employee was a full-time employee and had worked 9 months at this firm. He filed a claim with the health insurance company. The insurance company said: No; we see you as a part-time employee. It is a dispute over part-time/full-time.  Those are two instances under law where employers are brought into court. Employers do not make these medical decisions. They would not be subject to this lawsuit.  Please bear with me for a minute. This is the most important amendment we will consider on this bill.  The Senator from New Hampshire corrected me. He is right. It does not keep 123 million Americans out of court. It keeps 120 million Americans out of court. I stand corrected, I say to the Senator. He is right. It is only 120 million Americans and their families who will be denied a day in court by the Republican amendment, an amendment which is a Federal prohibition against State lawsuits against health insurance companies.  Across the street at the Supreme Court building, you will find the phrase, ``Equal Justice Under Law.'' This amendment says to that phrase: Denied; denied. Equal justice under law is denied for those families who want to take health insurance companies into court and hold them accountable for their wrong decisions.  The Senator from New Mexico said: What are we doing taking contract questions into courts? I do not know where that Senator went to law school, and I do not know whether he follows law and order in other programs, but that is what courts do. Courts decide questions like contract coverage. That is part of the law of the land for every business in America, except health insurance companies.  The Republicans have come forward with this amendment, an amendment which the insurance industry wants dearly so that they cannot be held accountable in court. What this means is that families across America, when decisions are made, life-or-death decisions, will not have their day in court. The Republicans want to continue to prohibit American families from holding these health insurance companies accountable for their bad decisions.  From USA Today: The central question is, Should HMOs, which often make life or death decisions about a treatment, be legally accountable when their decisions are tragically wrong? Right now the answer is no.  If we pass the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights, finally the courthouse doors will open to families across America. If the Republicans and the insurance industry prevail on this amendment, those doors are slammed shut. What will that mean? It will mean not just fewer verdicts, not just fewer settlements, but the continued attitude of this health insurance industry that they are held unaccountable, they cannot be held accountable to anyone. They will make decisions--life and death decisions--for you and your family and never face the prospect of going to court.  This is an internal memorandum from an HMO. This memorandum says it as clearly as can be. What they conclude is: Stick with the current law that keeps us out of court. This gentleman, who is in charge of management, said: We identified 12 cases where our HMO had to pay out $7.8 million. If we had it under the ERISA provisions that the Republicans want to protect, we would have paid between zero and $500,000 to those 12 families.  This is what it is all about. Someone who is maimed, someone who loses their life, their family goes to court and asks for justice. Equal justice under the law, that is all we are asking for.  The Republican majority and the insurance industry do not want to give American families that opportunity.  Vote to make sure we have equal justice under the law.  