President, I thank the Senator from New Jersey.  To recount where we are in this arduous debate over gun control in light of the Littleton tragedy, yesterday my colleague from the State of New Jersey, Mr. Lautenberg, offered a very clear amendment that said: If you want to purchase a gun at a gun show, you are going to be held to the same standards as a person who buys it from a licensed firearms dealer.  In other words, we will do a background check and make sure that you are not a prohibited person under the law, make certain you do not have a criminal record, a history of violent mental illness or something of that nature.  It was a very good amendment, and I commend my colleague from New Jersey for his leadership. He envisioned this problem long before many of us did and, frankly, put before us a very straightforward option. I was happy to support him.  Unfortunately, it did not receive a majority of support in the Senate. The sad reality is that 6 of the 55 Republican Senators voted for it and 41 of the 45 Democratic Senators voted for it--2 were absent--and it was not enough, so the Lautenberg amendment went down in defeat.  That was a bitter disappointment. But even worse was the fact there was an amendment offered by the Senator from Idaho, Mr. Craig, which he purported to offer as an alternative to Senator Lautenberg's amendment.  Let me tell you what has happened in the 24 hours since the Senate adopted that amendment. People have seen through it. It is transparent. It not only did not deal with the problem of gun shows and stopping the sale of guns to people who should not own them, it took a step backwards and made it easier for those sales to be made.  So there has been a mad scramble in the last 48 hours from the other side of the aisle. Once the public had an opportunity to look at this Craig amendment, there has been a mad scramble to undo what the Craig amendment sought to accomplish.  The NRA, the National Rifle Association, shot the Republican Senate leadership in the foot yesterday, and they have been hopping around all day today trying to figure out how they are going to salvage this mess. So they have come up with another amendment. It is unclear to me what they are thinking about, because they took a bad amendment, the Craig amendment, and added another bad amendment to it.  In this case, two wrongs will not make a right. What we have now in this so-called Hatch-Craig amendment is an abomination. It doesn't address the gun show problem. Senator Lautenberg did that clearly.  Let me tell you how bad this bill is, this Hatch-Craig second bill. This is Senator Craig's Thursday bill.  This bill, sadly, sets up at least two, maybe three different categories under the law for sales at gun shows. In his original bill, he had some special licensee category, voluntary category, that you could sell a gun at a gun show under that category. No background check was necessary; it was not necessary, of course, to send the name and address and gun serial number into any group that might check to see if it had any criminal history, if that weapon might have been used in a crime to kill someone or in a drug deal that went bad. No.  Then he came back today, and in this amendment they have created some more categories of how to sell guns at gun shows and they are just as difficult to follow.  One says, licensed gun dealers at gun shows can sell a gun. I do not have a problem with that. That is what we are seeking here. That is what Senator Lautenberg is seeking here, so that the background check is accomplished.  Then they had a provision in there that violates the Brady law we have lived under for so many years. Instead of giving law enforcement 3 days to check on the background of a would-be purchaser at a gun show, they give them 24 hours. And if they don't get the completed inquiry back in 24 hours, they sell the gun. The presumption is on the side of the purchaser. We are saying to those in law enforcement: Take a back seat. We want to keep these guns moving. This is big business.  Is that really what America wants? I do not think so.  So we have these categories of who can sell guns at gun shows. It is a labored attempt by the National Rifle Association to accomplish nothing--nothing--other than to take away from law enforcement their authority to do what American people ask for under the Brady law.  In this country what they said under the Brady law is, do not sell a gun to someone who has a history of having committed a felony or has a violent mental illness. The NRA has never liked that. They have tried to keep this gun show loophole alive. And they do it with this latest Republican amendment.  What a sad, sad situation, where those with serious mental illness, fugitives, stalkers, straw purchasers can still run to these gun shows, and under this Hatch-Craig amendment they can find a way to get their hands on the guns. Is it a problem? There are 4,000 gun shows a year across America. They are in my home State of Illinois, and over 200 in the year 1998.  When they had an investigation into these gun shows to find out who they were selling guns to without background checks, they found out it included a lot of felons prohibited from acquiring firearms who have been able to buy them at gun shows.  In fact, the Department of Treasury and the Department of Justice found that felons buying or selling firearms were involved in more than 46 percent of the investigations involving gun shows. This is a loophole that is producing guns right and left.  We are still trying to trace the guns used by those two kids in Littleton, CO. At least three, if not all four of them, came out of gun shows. Is it important that we know how they were bought or sold? Of course it is. You go to any police department in America--start with Chicago; pick your hometown--and ask them whether tracing a firearm is an important part of a criminal investigation. They will tell you it is critical. Where did that gun come from? Who sold it to them?  Let's try to establish a chain of purchase here and get down to the root cause of crime in America. The National Rifle Association talks about the second amendment and what they want to protect. And yet they come in with this amendment which literally takes away the power of law enforcement to try to enforce the laws and reduce crime.  That isn't the end of it. One of the most insidious aspects of this amendment was put in that would exempt pawnshops from doing a background check on a gun that is resold to someone who pawns it.  Picture this: A person needs money, picks up a handgun, walks into a pawnshop, hands it to the pawnshop owner, and says: How much are you going to give me? $20. He takes the ticket and the $20 and leaves.  That pawnshop owner may, but is not required to, report to law enforcement where that gun came from, the source of it, as well as the serial number. If they do not, under the current law, when the person walks back in and says: Here is the $20 and the ticket; I want my gun back, they are required to say: First, we have to check and make sure you are qualified under Brady. If you have a criminal history of mental illness, we will not sell it back to you.  The National Rifle Association, in this amendment, takes out that requirement. So the pawnbroker turns around and hands that gun back to the street.  Is it important in a pawnshop? Consider this: It is five times more likely that criminals are going into pawnshops with guns than those who have not committed crimes--five times more likely. And the National Rifle Association, which insists they want to keep guns out of the hands of criminals, puts this provision in the law, which many on that side of the aisle are now lauding as a great improvement. It is not. It is a step backwards.  Then there is the question about all the records of these gun purchases. If these records are not kept, we are basically tying the hands of law enforcement. It is no wonder to me that law enforcement across this country cannot understand the amendment that is being offered on the Republican side of the aisle.  This is a sad situation. We have a national tragedy on our hands--270 million Americans, 200 million guns, more gun crime than any country on Earth. We stiffen the penalties right and left. We are determined to reduce gun violence. Yet, when it comes to the most basic thing, to keep guns out of the hands of people who do not need them and should not have them, to keep them out of the hands of kids, we face amendments such as this.  It is really, in my estimation, unsettling. I cannot understand where a notion like background checks at gun shows--which enjoys the support of 87 percent of the American people--has such a tough time passing. Senator Lautenberg deserved 87 votes at a minimum on his amendment, an honest straightforward amendment to deal with gun shows. We could not get half of the Members of the Senate to vote for it.  The best thing for us to do is to defeat the Hatch-Craig amendment. It is a step in the wrong direction. We are going backwards instead of forwards.  The NRA, incidentally, put in one provision which they now put in everything. If you get involved in one of these purchases, and you sell a gun to somebody who kills another person, the National Rifle Association said, well, you should not be sued for that, should you? Of course you should be liable and accountable for that, as we all are for our actions.  They build immunity into this law from civil prosecution, immunity in the law. Who is immune from prosecution in America? Foreign diplomats and some health insurance companies. That is it. And now the National Rifle Association says, and, of course, the people who sell guns at gun shows, make them immune from liability, too. That is so far over the line it is hard to explain, let alone defend.  I salute my friend from New Jersey for his leadership on this issue. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will not be misled by this new Hatch-Craig amendment. If this is an effort to undo the damage done to those who voted for Mr. Craig's original amendment, they did not accomplish it. This second amendment compounds the problem. It makes it that much worse.  Let's get back to the basics. Let's support Senator Lautenberg's amendment--a straightforward amendment, supported by law enforcement and families across America who are sick of school violence, sick of gun violence, and expect this Senate to meet its constitutional responsibility to pass laws to accomplish these goals and make America a safer place to live.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitzgerald). Who yields time?  The Senator from Idaho.  