That is one of the reasons why it is there. If we are going to have a mining law, I think we need one that talks not only about the profitability of the venture but about the environmental acceptability of this venture. That is the difficulty we run into.  I suspect that the mining industry may want to talk about more acreage for mill sites and dumping but may not be as excited about an environmental response bill. That is part of the discussion, as I see it. Sadly enough, this amendment, which has been added to the Interior appropriations bill, addresses the profit side of the picture and ignores the environmental and taxpayer side of the picture. That, to me, is shortsighted and something that should be defeated.  The fact that this was done in committee and has at least been attempted in the past is a suggestion to me that the mining industry, even with the Republican majority in the House and the Senate, really hasn't gone to the authorizing committees for the changes which have been suggested on the floor. I think they should. I think it is certainly time, after 127 years, to update this law.  In closing, if we are going to change this law and change it in a comprehensive and responsible way, let us do it through the regular authorizing process.  It is interesting to me that yesterday we had a fierce debate on the floor about rule XVI, and we said of rule XVI: We will not legislate on appropriations bills. Of course, there are always exceptions to every rule.  In this case, because there was a reference to the mining act in the bill coming over from the House, they were allowed to offer this amendment. As Members may glean from the length and breadth of this debate and its complexity, we should not be putting this environmental rider on an appropriations bill at the expense of the environment and the taxpayers.  I say to the mining industry, a legitimate industry employing many hard-working people, certainly the things which are done are important to America's economy and its future, but it is not unreasonable for Americans to think that we have a vested interest in our own public lands. Companies cannot leave behind this legacy of waste. Unlimited acreage being used for dump sites is not being held accountable.  This amendment, if it passes, will say to these mining companies: These hard rock mining companies will not be held accountable. Use as much of America's land that is needed to dump your waste after you have mined the minerals. As taxpayers, we will accept it.  For this Senator from Illinois, the Senators from Washington and California and many others, that is unacceptable.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  