President, I rise in support of the Kerry amendment. Let me explain that, as a member of the Budget Committee, I understand the burden this appropriations subcommittee faced. The budget allocations were entirely inadequate for the demands of this very important budget--the Veterans' Administration, the National Aeronautic and Space Administration, and certainly for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, as well as other agencies.  The chairman of the subcommittee and Senator Mikulski of Maryland have done the very best they could under the circumstances to try to address these critical national needs. I believe Senator Kerry and others have said perhaps one of the areas that really needs more attention when this bill goes to conference relates to the section 8 voucher program--a program which takes working families and gives them a helping hand to find affordable housing.  It is hard to imagine why, in this time of economic prosperity, we would have people still searching for housing. In my home State of Illinois, in the city of Chicago, we have seen this booming economy bring rents up even higher, and so working families, particularly with the low minimum wage, which has not been addressed for several years, are striving to do their very best for their children while rents are rising in an otherwise prosperous economy.  In the city of Chicago, we can have some pretty powerful winters. I can recall not too long ago visiting the flat of a working family. The man had recently become unemployed, his wife was on dialysis, and he had two small children. They had no heat in the apartment they were living in. They were all huddled in one room with a space heater. All of the plumbing had frozen. It was a miserable living condition. They were within minutes of the loop of Chicago.  I think it is an illustration of families that are struggling to provide decent, safe, healthy housing for their families under the worst of circumstances.  This bill does not provide any additional money for section 8 vouchers. For over 20 years, we have put more money into section 8 vouchers to try to keep up with the demand of those who cannot find adequate housing.  I might also add that we are now going through a revolution in thinking on public housing, which probably started several decades ago in the city of St. Louis--represented by the chairman of this subcommittee--when they decided the vertical slums, the public housing projects, were to be torn down, and they were to try to build things which were more habitable and housing which was more decent for the families that needed them.  We are doing the same thing in Illinois and in the city of Chicago. But as these high-rise, public housing units are torn down, the people living there need a place to live. Section 8 vouchers give them money in hand to supplement with their own money to find something in the community. When this bill provides no new money for section 8, it reduces, if not eliminates, the possibility that these families can find that kind of housing.  When you take a look at the situation in the State of Illinois, when it comes to housing, it is an illustration, as my colleague from New Jersey noted earlier, of the problems they face. The number of families with unmet worst case needs for housing in the metropolitan area of Chicago is 151,000 families. The average time on waiting lists for public housing and section 8 vouchers in Illinois for public housing is 16 months. If you wanted to get into a public housing unit, the average wait is 16 months, if you are eligible. If you apply for a section 8 voucher to stay in the private market and rent a flat or a unit or an apartment, you wait 63 months--over 5 years to qualify for section 8 vouchers.  That will get worse if in conference we don't put money in for section 8 vouchers.  In addition, the number of families on waiting lists in the metropolitan area of Chicago is 31,000 families looking for public housing, and 30,000 for section 8 vouchers. If we don't put additional money for section 8 in this bill in conference, the number of families in my State that will not receive assistance for section 8 is over 12,733 families that, frankly, will be out on their own.  Why do we have such a crisis at this time of otherwise economic prosperity? Because, frankly, despite the fact that between 1977 and 1994 the number of HUD-assisted households grew by 2.6 million--an average of 204,000 additional households each year from 1977 through 1983, and an additional 107,000 households in 1984 to 1994--in 1995, we saw a historic reversal in Federal housing policy, freezes on new housing vouchers, despite a growing need.  If you travel through some cities in this country, even our Nation's Capital of Washington, in the cold of winter, you will see homeless people. Some of these folks have serious personal problems. Others are desperate to find housing. What we do in this bill relates directly to the relief they need.  I salute the Senator from Massachusetts for his leadership. I hope in conference the Senators from Missouri and Maryland and other members of this subcommittee can find the resources and wherewithal to increase the number of section 8 vouchers in this bill.  The last point I will make is this: This bill also eliminates 400 employees in HUD for community builders who are generally young people who have decided to give 2 years of their life to leave a job or career and dedicate it to public service. These are people working in communities throughout the United States to provide housing and counseling, and their counseling is very good.  Ernst & Young, a very well-respected organization, did an audit of the Community Builders Program in HUD, and didn't stay in Washington to speak for the bureaucrats here. They went out in the communities and asked the people who served. They applauded community builders. They said community builders work. These are people doing a good job for the government, people with idealism and energy whom weneed to make this already good department an even better agency.  It is sad to me this appropriations bill eliminates these 400 community builders, and will close down offices in some 81 cities across America.  That is a disservice to the people who truly need their services. I hope in conference the conferees will reconsider this.  Let me close by commending Senator Mikulski and Senator Bond for their hard work. I understand the burden they face with the budget allocation. But we certainly have a burden, too, and the burden is to face the needs of working people who need help to find decent housing for their families.  I yield the floor.  