President, when the Senate returns tomorrow morning, our very first vote will be an important one for literally millions of American workers and families, and some 320,000 in Illinois, who are watching carefully to see if this Senate is listening to America. It is the question of the minimum wage and whether or not it is going to be increased.  Senator Kennedy has a proposal that I support which calls for an increase in the minimum wage from the current level of $5.15 an hour to 50 cents more on January 1 of the year 2000, and then 50 cents again on the following January 1.  So that those who are going to work every single day, trying to raise their families, trying to make a decent income, will, in fact, move closer to a livable wage. This is still a long way away from it because people who are earning $5.15 an hour or $6.15 an hour hardly live in the lap of luxury.  There is a noteworthy difference between the approach being suggested by my friend and colleague, the Senator from New Mexico, on the Republican side, and the suggestion of Senator Kennedy, my friend and colleague on the Democratic side, when it comes to a minimum wage. The difference may seem cosmetic to those who do not take a close look because the Republican side suggests that to raise the minimum wage by $1, we should take an extra year or 3 years instead of 2 to achieve this.  What does that mean to the working person? If the Republican approach should pass, it means $1,200. For someone making $50,000 a year or $100,000, or more, $1,200 hardly seems to be a grand amount of money to be worried over when you stretch it over a period of time. But imagine if your income was only $10,000 a year on a minimum wage, and what is at stake here is $1,200. The Republican approach would shortchange those who go to work every single day in America on a minimum wage by $1,200 as they stretch this out over a 3-year period of time.  Of course, the bill does much more than address the increase in the minimum wage. It also addresses some needed changes in tax law.  I support Senator Kennedy's approach. He does provide the kind of relief which small businesses need in order to find the tax relief to provide things for their employees. It is a proposal from Senator Chuck Robb of Virginia and Senator Max Baucus of Montana, a small business tax proposal which, among other things, finally puts a 100-percent deduction for the health insurance costs of self-employed people. The Senate and Congress have been moving toward this goal. This bill will achieve it on the Democratic side, if it is passed.  It also provides assistance to small businesses that provide child care. Think about families, particularly single mothers and single parents who have to worry every single day whether or not their kids are safe. This is an incentive for small businesses to provide child care facilities, a tax credit, one that can assist them and their workers.  In addition, there is a pension package which has been supported by Senator Graham, a Democrat of Florida, and Senator Grassley, a Republican of Iowa. The Democratic package is not only a well-balanced package providing child care health and retirement benefits for small businesses, but more important than anything, the Democraticpackage is paid for. It is paid for. The Republican package of tax changes is not.  In other words, it is an extension of the possibility of debt. It is a promise that can't be kept. The Democratic package is paid for. The Republican one is not. The Democratic package increases the minimum wage over 2 years by $1 an hour, and the Republicans over 3 years costing workers $1,200 by taking the Republican approach.  I say to those who are working across America that this is hardly what they need. It is curious to me that only a few weeks ago, the same Republican Party that cannot produce $1,200 for people who get up and go to work every day at minimum-wage jobs came before us with a $792 billion tax cut primarily for wealthiest people in this country.  