President, thank you for the recognition, and I see the Senator from Rhode Island has joined me. I would like to address for a few moments an issue which, frankly, more than half of the people in America identify as something that worries them--a worry over your health insurance. How good is it?  The rules being written by insurance companies now have you worried as to whether you can go to a doctor and get the kinds of treatment you really need for yourself, or your wife, your husband, or another member of your family. Can you go to the hospital of your choice if you have an emergency and need to go to the emergency room? Can you go to the hospital that is closest to where the accident occurred or to your home, or wherever? Does your insurance company say you have to go to another place? If you need a specialist--absolutely need one for your own medical care--can you expect, under your plan, to get that specialist, or do you expect to enter into a negotiation with your insurance company as to whether they will let you go to a certain specialist?  When you doctor sits down with you in his office, when your heart is beating hard and you want to know what kind of treatment you need for that someone you love, are you sure that doctor is always telling you his best judgment based on years of medical training, or is he telling you what the insurance manual says he can tell you under the terms of his contract with the insurance company? If, God forbid, something goes wrong with a procedure, or something is done that ends up wrong, can you hold whoever is responsible accountable even if it was the insurance companies fault?  These are basic questions that families across America are asking every day. In fact, a Rand study said that 115 million Americans either had a personal experience, or a member of their family or someone they knew had such an experience, with an insurance company that troubled them about whether or not they were being treated fairly.  So the question before the Congress is: Can we try to bring some balance back to this situation so consumers and families across America, when they sign up for health insurance, have some assurance that they are going to get fair treatment, professional treatment, and quality care? It is pretty basic, isn't it?  Can you think of another time in your life when you are more vulnerable than when you are sick, or when you have a baby you love in your arms and you say: Doctor, what does my baby need? Have you ever felt more helpless? I have been there! A lot of Americans have been there. You want to know, when that doctor looks in your eyes and says the best treatment for your little girl is the following surgery at the following hospital, that that is his best medical decision, not an insurance company decision.  How can you hold people accountable in medical care when you have a situation under the law where you cannot take the insurance company into court to hold them responsible for their decisions? That, sadly, is the law today.  So the law that we are hoping to debate on the floor of the Senate and the House called the Patients' Bill of Rights would try to rewrite this basic relationship, so that when you are dealing with your health insurance company, it is with more confidence that you are getting the best care, that you are getting honest answers from your doctor, that the recommendation coming to you for a member of your family or yourself is the best medical recommendation, not an insurance company recommendation.  Now, this is an issue that is not new. We have had it around for a while. But for some reason, the leadership on the other side of the aisle does not want to debate this issue. They don't want us to talk about it. In fact, today there was an unrelated bill, the agriculture appropriations bill before the Senate. Byron Dorgan of North Dakota looked at the agriculture appropriations bill and offered the Patients' Bill of Rights as an amendment to it. What does that have to do with agriculture? Well, not much. People listening will say: Why did you do that? Well because he was, in desperation, trying to get this matter to the floor because, try as we might, leadership on the other side of the aisle does not want to debate this issue. They don't want Members of the Senate--Republicans or Democrats--to enter into a debate and have to face tough questions.  How are you going to vote? If I am not mistaken, I accepted voting as part of my responsibilities as a Senator from Illinois. Isn't that why I am here--to debate issues and vote, to use my best judgment to try to improve the law so the people in my State and across the Nation are better off?  One of the key questions here is: What do you do when an insurance company decides that they are not going to provide certain care to you? You have heard these cases. You have seen them in local hometown newspapers, on television, and on the radio where somebody says they need a certain treatment and the insurance company says no.  What is next? Well, under the bill we have proposed on the Democratic side, we have a speedy independent appeals process. Well, it keeps you out of court and gets a decision made by somebody who may be objective. I think that is fair. That is what the Democratic bill proposes.  The Republican bill, however, suggests that the insurance company should decide whether a denial is actually appealable and the insurer which has turned you down gets to pick somebody who will then decide whether the insurance company is right or wrong. And if you are injured, by their denial, you cannot sue. Sound fishy? It does to me. Basically, as far as I am concerned, the insurance company is insulating itself from ever making the right judgment.  That is exactly the situation that we have today. It was recognized by one of the major newspapers in this country, USA Today. This article is from June 19 of last year. They called insurers the ``new untouchables''--people you can't sue--your HMO, managed care insurance policy.       Bill Weaver, age 52, says his HMO misdiagnosed a brain      tumor for 2 years and told him his condition was inoperable      and hopeless.       Jerry Cannon's wife Phyllis died from leukemia after her      HMO denied a bone marrow transplant her physician      recommended.       Melody Louise Johnson died at the age of age 16 of cystic      fibrosis. Her mother says the HMO overruled the specialists.  These are families from across America. Under the law as it is currently written, what recourse do these people have for the terrible outcomes dealing with insurance companies? Listen to this. They can go to Federal court and hire a lawyer and sue the insurance company. Do you know what they can recover? The cost of the procedure--the cost of the medical procedure. So if somebody dies, God forbid, you cannot recover for their death. If someone lingers and suffers literally for years because of a bad decision by the insurance company, they are not liable for that. If someone can't go back to work for 12, 24, or 36 months, you cannot recover a penny for that. They are theuntouchables, the HMOs, the managed care insurance companies. They cannot be sued for anything other than the cost of the procedure.  Well, I am sure, if you are listening to this, you think there must be a whole lot of companies in America which have similar treatment. No. This is the only group of companies in America that cannot be held accountable for their wrongdoing. How did it happen? Well, it happened right here. It happened right here many years ago when we passed something called ERISA, the Employee Retirement Insurance Security Act. This was a bill passed in 1974 that was supposed to protect workers. Instead, in recent years it has provided insurance companies with a legal shield. And 123 million Americans with their health insurance plans through their employer have nowhere to go when a bad result comes out of a bad insurance company decision. I think that is wrong.  I don't think these insurance companies should be treated any differently from any other company, large or small, in America, or any other person, for that matter. If you are so reckless as to drink too much and get in your car and have an accident, can you be held accountable in America? You bet you can, and you should be. But if an insurer is reckless in making a decision about health insurance for somebody's daughter--if they make the wrong decision and they are maimed, crippled, or they die, can they be held accountable as an insurance company? Well, no, not really. That doesn't make sense, and it is not fair.  Let me tell you about another case that really illustrates this very clearly. Carly Christy. These are the words of her father:       Carly was nine years old when she was diagnosed with      malignant kidney cancer. When the HMO insisted that we trust      our daughter's delicate surgery to remove the cancerous tumor      from her kidney to a doctor with no experience in this area,      we were forced to find an expert and pay out of our pockets.      You only get one chance at removing a Wilm's tumor correctly      and successfully, to ensure the highest probability of      survival in children, and we weren't willing to take that      chance with our daughter's life because the HMO wanted to      save money.  Her father Harry Christy says:       Congress must close this loophole and hold health plans      accountable for cost-cutting decisions that result in patient      injury.  Take a look at the two bills on the floor--the Patient's Bill of Rights, as they call them. How would they help Mr. Christy with his little daughter?  Frankly, the Republican bill offers no recourse, no place to turn, because the HMO didn't deny treatment. In the Republican bill only outright denials are appealable, all quality issues are not appealable. In Carly's case the HMO just said you have to go to Dr. X who has never done this before. They were going to get treatment but not from the best doctor.  If it is your daughter, don't you want the best and the brightest in America operating on her to try to save her life? If they said go to this other doctor who has never done this before on a surgery that is life and death, wouldn't that cause you some trouble?  Harry Christy decided he and his wife were going to pay for this out of their pockets. I don't have to tell you what kind of money we are talking about. Average families literally put everything on the line--their homes, savings, everything they can gather--for this care. That is how much they love this little girl and how much they think the insurance company made a big mistake.  Under the Republican approach, that insurance company cannot be held accountable, because they said go ahead, go to a doctor who is inexperienced and if Carly had been injured by that insurance company's direction, the insurer would still have been immune from suit.  The Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights says first you have a speedy external appeal, by someone not chosen by the insurance company, to decide whether the insurance company is right. If it turns out they are wrong, you can literally recover what it costs and the pain and suffering your family has gone through. If your daughter, for example, because of this mistake, has long-term problems, she can recover for that, too. I think that is sensible. I think it is reasonable.  We have a chance with the Patients' Bill of Rights to do something for families across America--to finally bring this issue to the floor of the Senate. It is regretful that today when Senator Dorgan tried to bring this issue before the Senate, he was stopped. The Republican leadership was so determined not to debate this issue, they pulled this bill from the floor. They said we will not debate it.  Of course, we are in evening business and Senator Reed of Rhode Island will follow me and discuss this as an issue whose time has come. This is an issue that affects literally all Americans. If we are going to make certain that we cover the millions of Americans who are concerned about their health care coverage, concerned about the quality of care, and concerned about their rights under the law, then we have to deal with reform that is meaningful.  The Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights has the endorsement of 200 professional organizations, including medical organizations, labor organizations, and consumer organizations. They have come forward and said this is the real deal here, the Democratic version is the real deal. The Republican bill has no support. Well actually they probably have the support of insurance companies, but it doesn't have the support of any health groups. I think this is about health and access to health care.  We wrapped up last week a 5-day debate on protecting computer companies from being sued if they don't change their computers for this Y2K problem. The debate went on a long time. I think it was an important debate.  If we can spend 5 days debating protecting computer companies, can't we spend 5 hours talking about protecting families across America, worried about health care coverage? Can't we bring for a vote on the Senate floor the very fundamental question as to whether or not the courthouse doors are closed when it comes to health insurance companies? Can't we suggest that in America--rich or poor, individual or business--we are all held accountable in court, all of us as American citizens, and that we shouldn't have the untouchables, the health insurance companies, who can't be brought into court?  I hope this week we will take this issue up. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will understand the gravity of this issue and move forward.  I yield the floor.  