I have noted this on the Senate floor before, but it struck me that at the turn of the last century one of the most amazing things that happened in America was that between the years 1890 and 1920 we built in America on average one new high school every day. We started our new century with a dedication to public education. We Democratized education unlike any country in the world. And we said, whether you are rich or poor, you are going to have a chance to go to high school.  That wasn't a Federal mandate. That sprung up from local communities that said, if we are going to build a community in Washington or Illinois, and it is going to be a real community, we aregoing to have a real high school, we are going to hire teachers, and we will have all the kids go to school.  Look at the benefits we have reaped as a nation because of that kind of forward thinking, that kind of vision that said in 20th century America will be different, our commitment to education will be different. And look what we have seen as a result of it. We have gone from the Wright Brothers at Kitty Hawk to a space program; we have gone from Henry Ford's tin lizys* moving across that assembly line to the point where we have the most modern computer chip factories in the world here in the United States.  I don't think it is a coincidence. I think what happened here is the fact that we dedicated ourselves to improving our work force and elevating the intelligence and training and skills of Americans. And look at the benefits we reaped. We had an American century in the 20th century. Will we have an American century in the 21st? If we take a view that it is a hands-off subject and we can't talk about that in Washington and the people at the local level can't raise the money we are missing another opportunity.  But to bring in talented teachers to have smaller classroom sizes, to have more modern classrooms, has to be an investment of the 21st century to continue what has become the American way of doing things. I want to salute not only Senator Murray and Senator Reid by those who have joined us in supporting the President's program. I think it is a program that is balanced, a program that takes a portion of this surplus, a surplus we worked hard to put together, and says we are going to put that portion into education. It's an investment that will pay off in generations to come. At this point I don't know that any other Senators are seeking time on the issue of education, and, Mr. President, I would reserve the remainder of my time or yield perhaps to the Senator from Florida if he would like to speak on another subject.  