President, I thank the Chair and I thank the Senator from South Dakota.  Yogi Berra, one of the greatest ``political philosophers'' of all time, may have said, ``This is deja vu all over again.'' If he didn't say it, he should have because this debate that you are hearing on the floor of the Senate is almost a carbon copy of the debate of 1981. Think about that for a moment. We were in the first year of the Reagan Presidency. We had accumulated, in the entire history of the United States of America, $1 trillion in debt, and the Republican Party came to the floor and said now is the time for a massive tax cut. Their supporters cheered, they enacted their massive tax cut, and what happened? Two significant things:  First, we saw a dramatic increase in the national debt. A $1 trillion accumulated debt in the entire history of the United States grew into more than $4 trillion over the span of the Reagan and Bush Presidencies because of that 1981 decision.  Second, it was such a bad decision that the American economy struggled from recession to recession. That is what happened the last time the Republican Party brought their vision of America to the floor of the Congress.  In 1992, the American voters said: Enough; this isn't working. We want a change. And they elected the Clinton-Gore administration, which, in 1993, came to Congress and said: Let us try to get back on the right track; let us try to reduce the deficits on an annual basis, and let us try to get the economy moving again.  You should have heard the Republican Senators who came to the floor--the same ones who begged for a tax cut when the Clinton plan was debated.  Remember, not a single Republican Senator or House Member voted for that plan. Some of the things they said are absolutely classic. The Senator from Texas, Phil Gramm, who is very outspoken in favor of this tax cut, said of the Clinton plan:       I want to predict tonight that if we adopt this bill, the      American economy is going to get weaker and not stronger, the      deficit 4 years from today will be higher than it is today.  That was Phil Gramm of Texas, August 5, 1993. Completely wrong. Completely wrong.  The Clinton plan passed, and two things happened. Annual deficits started to come down, and, in addition to that, the economy started moving forward. Just look at the news. You don't have to believe a politician. Unemployment is down. Housing starts are up. Business starts are up. Inflation is under control. America is moving forward, and we can feel it. Consumer confidence and business confidence is at an all-time high.  Two years ago, if you would have come to this Senate Chamber, the Republican Members were so despondent over the deficits that they wanted to amend the Constitution. That isn't done very often in America, but they said: We need to pass a balanced budget amendment. Why? So the Federal courts can force Congress not to overspend. A constitutional amendment to give a Federal judge the power to stop Congress from spending because deficits were out of control. That was only 2 years ago.  Now what debate do we hear on the floor? It isn't about deficits and constitutional amendments; it is about the surplus and tax cuts. And I have to tell you, quite honestly, the Republican agenda is out of control. What they are suggesting now is a $1 trillion tax cut that, frankly, will not only imperil the state of our economy but also could drive us right back into deficits again. How will we pay for that?  I would like to yield to the Senator from California because she made an observation that I think should be part of the record of this debate. I yield to her for a question.  