President, I thank the Senator from Washington for her leadership on this important issue.  I have listened carefully to this debate. I will gladly acknowledge that many of the Senators, including the Senator from Alaska, have more personal knowledge of the mining industry than I do. But I believe that the environmental issues here are clear-cut issues, whether you live in the East, West, North, or South.  What we are talking about here is public land--land owned by every taxpayer. The people in a certain State with public land have no more claim to it than those in every other State. That is why this is a national issue.  Allow me, if I may, to put this in a political context. It is my understanding that this was based on a decision in 1991--I underline 1991--in a manual that was issued by the Department of the Interior, which has now become the handbook, or so-called ``manual,'' which has now become the basis of this debate. This so-called manual, or handbook, was neither a regulation nor a law. It was an interpretation which varied from interpretations which had been in existence since 1872.  For the first time since 1872, in 1991 in the closing days of the Bush administration, someone working in the Department of the Interior raised a question as to whether we would limit these mill sites to 5 acres. That limitation had not been questioned seriously at any point in the promulgation of the Surface Mining Act or in any other law until that date.  The mining industry seized that interpretation in 1991, in the closing hours of the Bush administration, and said: Now the lid is off. We can use as many acres as we want to dump next to our mining sites.  When Mr. Leshy came back in 1997 and said there is no basis in law forthat handbook decision, that is when the industry went wild, came to Capitol Hill, and said what we cannot overturn it in the courts and we want you to overturn it with riders on appropriations bills.  Those who talk about the sacred law in this handbook, let me tell you, one person in 1991, and one variation on the 5-acre limitation, and that is the basis for all of the argument that is being made by the other side.  Let me raise a second point. The Senator from Alaska, as well as the Senator from Idaho, said that the Clean Water Act applies to those who are involved in hard rock mining.  For the Record, I would like to make this clear. The Clean Water Act--I quote from ``Golden Dreams, Poisoned Streams'' by the Mineral Policy Center, certainly an organization which has an environmental interest in this, and I am proud to quote it as a source. If there are those who can find them wrong, make it a part of the Record. But I would gladly quote them as they say:       The Clean Water Act, for instance, only partially addresses      oversight surface water discharge. While the act sets limits      on pollutants which can be discharged from surface waters      from fixed point sources, like pipes and other outlets, it      fails to directly regulate discharge to ground water, though      ground water contamination is a problem at many mine sites.      The Clean Water Act does not set any operational or      reclamation standard for a mine to assure that sites will not      continue to pollute water sources when they are abandoned.  So for those who are arguing on the side of the mining industry to come to this floor and argue that the Clean Water Act will guarantee no environmental problems, let me tell you, it does not do it.  