President, for the last several hours on the floor of the Senate, we have discussed basically the business of the Senate over the last year. A lot of us focused on Social Security. It is a curious thing that this program, which once was so controversial, has now become so universally lauded and acceptable that both political parties are determined to be portrayed as the guardians of Social Security.  Coming from the Democratic side of the aisle, the party of Franklin Roosevelt, I think our party has good claim to the authorship of the original program of Social Security and the fact it has been sustained, now, for some 62 years primarily because of Democratic support.  Having said that, though, I will concede over the years what started off as Republican opposition to Social Security has mellowed to some extent, and they now embrace it where once they called it socialism and big government and the New Deal and Franklin Roosevelt run amok. They now have come to a different conclusion since millions of Americans and their families rely on Social Security to live independent and decent lives after their retirement. The debate now seems to focus on, what are we going to do with the excess money collected--for instance, in payroll taxes for Social Security? Should the Government be allowed to borrow that money and the money then be used for some other purpose and paid back to Social Security with interest? Or should the money be held sacred and apart, untouchable? That seems to be where the debate is.  The television ads, which have been the source of a lot of debate on the floor, relate to an effort by the Republican Party, soon to be answered by the Democrats, to blame us for somehow spending the Social Security trust fund.  It is an interesting claim to make for several reasons. First, we are the minority party. We do not pass bills here; the Republicans pass the spending bills. So to blame us for a spending bill which reaches into the Social Security trust fund just defies arithmetic and common sense. If there has been a bill passed, a spending bill, it has been initiated by the Republican leadership. It has come forward and been sent to the President primarily with Republican votes. For them to suggest one of these bills went over the line and reached into the Social Security trust fund and blame the Democrats for it is really a stretch.  But I will tell you what we can point to, and it is not in the area of spending bills. It was a project by the Republican Party just a few months ago initiating an idea of a massive tax cut. The party, the Republican Party, which had bemoaned deficits for years, to the point of calling for a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, now, when they heard of the possibility of a surplus at the Federal level, answered by suggesting we should have a tax cut of some $792 billion given primarily, if not exclusively, to the wealthiest people in America. They thought this was going to be a big winner. It was an echo of Senator Robert Dole's Presidential campaign where, when he could not get traction against President Clinton, he came up with the Dole tax cut.  It did not work for Senator Dole then. It certainly did not work for the Republican Party a few months ago. They took this idea back to the States, and people universally said: What are you talking about? Why would you, after years and years of deficits, be giving a $792 billion tax cut primarily to wealthy people? If you are going to do anything, take the money and pay down our national debt which costs us $1 billion a day in interest. If we have a surplus, make sure Social Security is sound and solid for decades to come. Put the money into Medicare, make certain it is there for generations to come, for our parents and grandparents who will need it.  In fact, those who analyzed the Republican tax cut said, incidentally, of the $792 billion, at least $83 billion of that has to come out of the Social Security trust fund.  So the Republican Party that is pointing its finger at Democrats and saying we are raiding the Social Security trust fund had a tax cut package primarily for the wealthy which dipped its hand into the Social Security trust fund for $83 billion. That is a fact.  Now let's take a look at the spending bills, the Republican spending bills, keeping in mind the Republicans control both the House and Senate and Appropriations Committees and have now broken from the tradition of Congress which used to call for bipartisan meetings of the Appropriations Committees. They are very partisan now. I am a member of the Appropriations Committee here in the Senate, and I was in the House. For years, we worked on a bipartisan basis in an effort to try to pass bills. I am sad to say, now, many times we are not even called for meetings. The Republicans author these bills and put them together, bring them to the floor, and basically the Democrats are not part of that process.  What do we make of the claim by the Republicans that the Democrats are reaching into the Social Security trust fund? The most recent thing we have to point to is a letter from the Congressional Budget Office. This is one of the two offices we turn to for answers to questions such as: If we initiate a certain program, how much will it cost us? How much will this program cost us each month? Will it add to the deficit or to the surplus? All of the basic questions that need to be answered to be responsible in budgeting.  The Congressional Budget Office has today sent a letter--yesterday, I believe--to Congressman John Spratt, the ranking Democrat on the House Budget Committee. Congressman Spratt, a friend of mine and former colleague, asked the Congressional Budget Office whether or not the spending bills already passed by the Republicans and sent to the President, reached into the Social Security trust fund. The Congressional Budget Office, which enjoys a reputation primarily for being nonpartisan, replied that the Republicans have already spent $17 billion of the Social Security trust fund.  They then asked the Congressional Budget Office, in the same letter, What about the proposed 1-percent across-the-board reductions in spending which the Republicans now propose as a way to solve all our problems and go home? It was the conclusion of the Congressional Budget Office that, if the Republicans really wanted to keep their hands off Social Security and not reach in the trust fund, certainly 1 percent across-the-board was not going to do it; they had to find some $17 billion to be made up that they have already reached into the trust fund for. They said it would take another 4.8-percent cut across the board for that to happen, meaning 5.8 percent would have to be cut from all budgets of the Federal Government to avoid touching the Social Security trust fund, just with appropriations bills already enacted by the Republican majority in the House and the Senate--5.8 percent.  Then they went on to say--and this is important considering the realities of politics in Washington--if you take off the table the defense budget, saying our national security cannot stand the 5.8-percent cut, military construction --part of the same argument, and veterans programs, which both parties hold dear, everything else will have to be cut 11.8 percent.  Here we are, deep into the next fiscal year. We do not have our appropriations in order. In order to balance the books and not touch Social Security, the Republicans would have to cut almost 12 percent across the board in budgets for things such as education; Head Start; Women, Infants and Children; Meals on Wheels--things on which senior citizens rely.  What a curious state of affairs that only a few weeks ago Republicans told us we were so awash in money, we could give out a $792 billion tax cut to the wealthiest people in this country and now have come back to tell us we are in such dire straits that they, frankly, have to be cutting education by 10 or 11 percent in order to balance the books. That, to me, shows the basic emptiness of this argument that has been made against the Democrats and so many others.  The sad reality is that we come to the end of the session and find ourselves bereft of accomplishment. Having been sent to Washington to respond to the needs of America's families, we have dropped the ball. I have said repeatedly, if you held a gun to the head of any Senator in this body and said I am going to shoot you unless you tell me what you have done to help average American families lead a better life and have more opportunity, I would have to say: Fire away. I can't point to a thing.  What did we do on minimum wage? Nothing, absolutely nothing; turning our backs on the millions of people who go to work every day in this country stuck at a minimum wage of $5.15 an hour. The Republicans will not even allow us to debate the issue. The greedy big-business interests that will not give working families a decent living wage have prevailed over those who get up and go to work every single morning--primarily women, many minorities--working at minimum wage, showing they believe in the work ethic, and hoping this body and the House of Representatives will be sensitive to their need for more resources for their families.  The Patients' Bill of Rights: How many times have I been across Illinois and met families, sat down with them, and doctors, and nurses? They have told me horror story after horror story of trying to provide quality medical care for people in need only to be turned down by insurance companies; Doctors on telephones debating with insurance company clerks about surgeries and hospital admissions and different medications that the doctor thinks are necessary, and losing the debate every single time.  We want to stop these faceless bureaucrats in the insurance companies making life-or-death decisions without any medical training. We want families across this country to be able to sit down across the table from a doctor when someone is seriously ill and be treated in an honest, competent, professional way.  We lost that fight on the floor of the Senate. No, let me take that back. We did not lose that fight; America's families lost that fight here. Do you know to whom we lost it? Another special interest group. The health insurance lobby prevailed big time in this bill, and America's families lost big time, and that is another failure of this year we have spent here on Capitol hill.  Campaign finance reform: This is truly a bipartisan issue. Senator John McCain, a Republican candidate for President from the State of Arizona, and Senator Russ Feingold, who sits behind me, a Democrat from the State of Wisconsin, came forward with a bipartisan way to clean up this mess of campaign financing that has everybody across America so cynical about our process.  The President supports it. In fact, a majority of Senators support it. Fifty-five voted in favor of it. That is not good enough for the Senate; we need 60 votes. We could not dislodge some 45 Republicans who are bound and determined to keep this miserable system in place. This is another failure of this Congress.  Sensible gun control: How many times, walking into the Cloakroom right behind the Senate floor, have I been startled to hear a news flash on CNN that in another high school in America, there is more violence, kids being shot, teachers being shot, the grief of parents, and the visits by the President and the Vice President, news magazines and shows on television just focusing for days and weeks on violence in schools.  People across Illinois and across America say: Senator, what are youdoing to make this a safer place to live, to protect our kids?  We work up all kinds of speeches in this Chamber, but what do we do? We have one bill, a sensible gun control bill, which says if you want to buy a gun at a gun show, we have a right to ask whether or not you have a criminal record or a history of violent mental illness. That bill passed the Senate with the vote of Vice President Gore breaking a tie. It went over to the House and disappeared. Sensible gun control. Nothing is going to happen this year. The Republican majority in the House and the Senate do not want to act on that issue.  I pray to God there is never another school tragedy in America, but if there is, each of us will be held accountable as to whether we did everything we could to keep guns out of the hands of kids and those who would misuse them, criminals and those with serious background problems.  This Senate passed a bill, barely; the House Republicans killed it. The National Rifle Association, another special interest group, won and America's families and schoolkids lost again.  100,000 teachers: This is a program the President has proposed for one simple reason. He believes, and I agree with him as a parent who has raised three kids, that if you can have fewer kids in a classroom, you have a better chance of paying attention to their needs.  I went to Wheaton High School and met with a teacher who had 15 kids in her class. She was part of the President's program. She said: Thank you; I can help the kids who are falling behind and the gifted kids; it really works better when I have a smaller class size.  What parent would not agree? I remember how tranquil life was with one child in our house and how hectic it became when the second and third arrived. Imagine a classroom of 20, 30 kids. The President said: Reduce the size of that class and I bet you have more kids who can read, learn basic math, and have a better chance for their education.  The Republicans want to kill it. They do not agree. Last year, they voted for it; this year, they want to kill it. This is a partisan battle. The losers are the families across America who expect us to do something in Washington to make education better for our kids and give them a chance.  Cops on the Beat Program: I see my friend, Senator Leahy, from the Judiciary Committee. I am proud to serve with him. He was one of the leaders on the President's program to send 100,000 police to local communities and reduce crime.  Do my colleagues know what happened when we sent policemen out to the cities of Chicago, and Cairo, IL, and across America? The crime rate came down. The people who wanted to commit a crime looked around and saw there were a few more cops and squad cars and decided not to do it. Thank goodness. It meant fewer victims and less crime perpetrated on the people in this country.  The Republicans fought us tooth and nail. They do not want to continue this program despite its proven success. They have put partisanship ahead of reality. The reality is we all want to be safe in our neighborhoods. We want our kids safe in school. The President has a program that works, and they want to kill it, stop the 100,000 COPS Program. That is so shortsighted.  The Medicare prescription drug program: Here is one where seniors across America tell us--Senator Dodd from Connecticut, Senator Leahy, and others--that this is a very real concern, paying that bill every single month for these prescription drugs that Medicare does not cover. The President has a plan to move us forward. The Republicans say: Oh, here comes a brand new program.  They have a self-financing mechanism, as they should, to make certain we do not cause any more problems to the fiscal picture in the Medicare program. The fact that we cannot move forward on this Presidential suggestion of a Medicare prescription drug program is going to be a serious problem for seniors across America.  So we come to the end of this session with an empty basket, with nothing to show to families across America. Oh, we have drawn our paychecks, we punched our time cards for our pensions, and we are headed home looking forward to the holidays, and we have nothing to show for it.  My basic question to the Republican leadership is, Why are you here? Why do you want to be called leaders if you do not want to lead? Why do you ask to serve in the Senate, which was formerly known as the greatest deliberative body in the world, if you do not even want to deliberate these questions? Why are you afraid to debate these questions? If your position is so sound and solid, for goodness' sake, stand up and defend it. Let me argue my best point of view, you do the same, and let's have a rollcall vote up or down, yes or no. Let it be printed in the Congressional Record to be seen by the United States and the world.  That is why we are here. That is why we ran for these offices--not for a title but to do something for America's families. We have not done it this year. We have not done anything substantive to help these families lead a better life.  We have lost opportunities, and I hope we do not continue to lose opportunities. We have given in to special interests time and time again. We have forgotten the interest of America's families.  I sincerely hope Senator Daschle, who took this floor earlier, prevails; that he can convince Senator Lott, the Republican leader, to finally let Senators roll up their sleeves and get down to work. Goodness' sake, in the last 2 weeks, let's do something substantial. Let's have courage to vote on the issues. To stop debate and put a gag rule on Senators so we cannot offer amendments on all the issues I mentioned, frankly, is a travesty. It is a travesty not only on those who serve here, but on the history of this great institution of which I am proud to be a part. I sincerely hope Senator Daschle can prevail, and we can have the debate which the American families deserve.  