President, I wish to address an issue which is topical and one that most Americans will be hearing about during the course of this week and the next. It is an issue involving tax cuts. Can there be two more glorious words for a politician to utter than ``tax cuts''?  People brighten up and their eyes open and they look in anticipation, and they think: What is this politician going to bring me by way of a tax cut?  Our friends on the Republican side of the aisle have decided that they will make the centerpiece of their legislative effort this year a tax cut, a tax cut which, frankly, will have an impact on America--positive in some respects but overwhelmingly negative in other respects--for decades to come. So I think it is important for us to come to the floor and discuss exactly where we are today and where we are going.  First, a bit of history:  In the entire history of the United States of America, from President George Washington and through the administration of President Jimmy Carter, our Nation accumulated $1 trillion in debt--a huge sum of money over 200 years. But at the end of the Carter administration, and the Reagan and Bush administrations began, we started stacking up debts in numbers that were unimaginable. In fact, today we have over $5 trillion in national debt. Think about that--200 years, $1 trillion, and, just in the last 20 years, another $4 or $5 trillion in debt.  What does it mean to have a debt in this country? You have to pay interest on it, for one thing. The interest we pay each year on that debt we have accumulated is $350 billion out of a national budget this year of about $1.7 trillion. You see that each year about 20 percent of our national budget goes to pay interest on the debt we have accumulated.  The new President came in--President Clinton--in 1992 and said: We have to do something about this. We can't keep going down this path of accumulating debt and paying more money in interest. It isn't good for our current generation to be paying out that money, and certainly we shouldn't saddle our children with that added responsibility.  In 1993, he came to the Congress and said: Let us take from what we have been doing over the past 10 years and do something new. The President proposed a new budget plan--a plan that was determined to bring down this debt. That plan passed without a single Republican vote. In 1993, the Clinton plan passed without a single Republican vote in this Chamber. Vice President Gore came to the Chair and cast the deciding vote to pass the plan.  It was a big gamble. Some Members of Congress on the Democratic side lost in the next election because they voted for the Clinton plan. Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky, one of my colleagues from the State of Pennsylvania, cast a courageous vote for that plan and lost in the next election.  But was the President right? History tells us he was dramatically so because in the last 6 years we have seen not only our economy grow dramatically in terms of the creation of jobs and businesses--low inflation, new housing starts, and all the positive things we like--but we have finally seen us turn the corner and move toward balance when it comes to our annual Federal budget.  Now, if you will, we are not discussing what to do as we swim through this sea of red ink but, rather, what to do with an anticipated surplus. In 6 years, we have moved from talk of a deficit to speaking of surplus.  There are two different views on what to do with this future surplus. The Republican side of the aisle is suggesting a $1 trillion tax cut over a 10-year period of time. I am sure that is appealing to some, particularly if you are in the higher income groups in America who will benefit from this tax cut. But certainly we ought to step back for a second and say: Is that the responsible thing to do? Should we be giving away $1 trillion in tax cuts over the next 10 years at the expense of virtually everything else?  Our side of the aisle, the Democratic side of the aisle, working with President Clinton, has a different approach, one which I think is more responsible and more consistent with the leadership which the Democrats showed in turning the corner on these Federal deficits. It is basically this:  First, let us meet our current obligations to Social Security and to Medicare.  It is amazing to me, as I listen to the Republicans talk about all of our future challenges, that there is one word they are afraid to utter--the word ``Medicare,'' the health insurance program for over 40 million senior and disabled Americans, a program which needs our attention and help.  What the Democrats and the President propose is to take a portion of the future anticipated surplus as it comes in to solidify Social Security for another 50 years and to make sure Medicare can start to meet its obligations past the year 2012.  We will have to do more, believe me. But at least by dedicating that portion of the surplus, I think we are accepting the responsibility, before we give money away for any new program or give money away for any tax cut, to take care of the programs that mean so much to American families and in the process bring down the national debt and start paying off this $5 trillion national debt.  Is that important? It is critically important because not only by bringing down this debt will we reduce our annual interest payments of $350 billion, but we will free up capital in America for small businesses, large businesses, and families alike to borrow money at a low interest rate.  