 Mr. President, I know the Senator from Idaho can use those 9 seconds very effectively, as we have seen in the past.  I readily acknowledge to my colleagues from the Western States that their knowledge of the subject is greater than mine. They live in these areas. They deal with these problems on a regular basis. I have tried to make it clear with this amendment that I am not seeking to end this part of the western economy, the use of public lands for grazing purposes. I am not one of those.  Someone in the course of the debate said there are some environmental organizations so radical that they would stop grazing on public lands. That is not my position. I do not know if it is a position of any of the groups that have endorsed this amendment.  What I am trying to do is find a consistent way of protecting the privilege given to private people to use public lands for grazing while still protecting the value of those public lands.  There are several things that have been said during the debate which just baffle me. I want to at least express myself on those and invite my colleagues during the course of my comments to perhaps ask a question or make a comment if they care to.  The first is the argument that unless a rancher can go to a bank and say to the bank, I have the right to graze on this land for at least 3 years or more, that rancher cannot secure a loan for his operation. We have heard this repeatedly. My amendment would extend these permits for 2 years.  Critics of the amendment have stood up and said that is not enough; no rancher can secure the money for his ranching operation with only 2 years of certainty. Yet, isn't it odd, as we listen to the debate, that those on the other side have conceded that many of these ranchers are dealing with 10-year permits which do expire. So these ranchers have faced this time and again. There has always been the second to the last year and the last year of the permit when they had to finance their operations. This is nothing new. What we are saying is give them 2 years with certainty.  We have also heard it said that the Bureau of Land Management could step in under extraordinary circumstances and amend the terms and conditions of the permits. One of the suggestions was to reduce the number of animal units or cattle that could be grazing on a certain piece of land because of environmental concerns. I hear in that suggestion that the terms and conditions of these permits can also be changed unilaterally during the course of the permit and that these ranchers continue to do business, continue to secure loans.  Those who argue on the other side against my amendment, saying we need drop-dead certainty of 3 years or more or we cannot do business, really, I think, have in the course of their own debate put a mockery on the table when it comes to that argument. We know these permits expire, and we know they expire in short order, 1 or 2 years to go, and these ranchers stay in business, as they should.  I also suggest someone has said: We are not about the business of putting pressure on the BLM to do their job. I disagree. I believe it is our responsibility as Senators entrusted with these assets of the Nation, these public lands, to say to the Bureau of Land Management: You have a job to do here as well, not just to give a permit to a rancher but to make certain that permit is consistent with protecting public lands, and if you do not do that, we are going to be on your case, we are going to put the pressure on you.  Let me step back for a second and tell my colleagues what I think the real concern is. I think there are many who hope the BLM will not do their job. They would just as soon renew the permits, the terms and conditions, indefinitely and not take into consideration these environmental concerns. That may be their point of view; it is not one I share.  What I try to achieve by this amendment in a 2-year extension is to say to the BLM: Get your job done, too; protect the ranchers for 2 years, but get your job done, too, to make sure that permit is consistent with the environmental laws of the land. I do not think that is wrong.  Let me also add, the Senator from New Mexico has read letters into the Record of ranchers of humble means who write to his office concerned about their future. I have farmers in similar circumstances. I know that type of plaintive letter. I receive them in myoffice, and I have sympathy for men and women working hard for a living who ask those of us in Washington: Don't make anything more difficult; try to help us if you can.  Remember last year when we addressed this problem what our solution was? A 1-year extension. The Durbin amendment is a 2-year extension. I do not think this is hard-hearted or heartless on my part. In fact, it is an effort to offer twice as much in terms of certainty as was offered by this Congress last year. So say to the BLM at the same time, do your job and renew these permits in the right way.  For those who argue that I just do not understand it, I am not sympathetic, I do not have sufficient compassion for the situation, I suggest that last year a 1-year extension was considered sensible, reasonable, and compassionate. Now a 2-year extension is not. I do not follow that logic, that reasoning on the other side.  The final point I will make is this: My concern is that in this debate the environmental issue is an afterthought, it is secondary. There are many who are determined to renew permits for ranchers to continue to use public lands and care not when or if BLM meets its responsibility. I do not agree with that point of view. I think both sides have to be taken into consideration. There has to be a balance, as offered by this amendment.  For those who argue the existing language which Senator Domenici put in the bill preserves this environmental protection, I tell them that virtually every major environmental group in America endorses the Durbin amendment because they understand that it puts in place a mechanism which not only gives the ranchers a new permit and extends for 2 years those that are expiring but says to the BLM: Do your job, too; you have a responsibility of stewardship as well.  That is why the environmental groups support this amendment. That is why those who vote to table this amendment are basically saying: We believe the needs and requirements of the ranchers are paramount to the needs and requirements of the American people in the future of their public lands. I disagree with that, and I hope those on both sides of the aisle will take a close look at it when it comes up for this vote.  I conclude by saying this amendment strikes a balance which is reasonable, which acknowledges that private individuals and their families and businesses can continue to use public land for grazing and can do it for 2 years if their permit is expiring but says at the same time to the BLM: Do your job; make certain that you supervise those lands in a way that we can say to future generations, those lands will be intact long after we have come and gone so the American people will realize we met our obligation of stewardship of their natural assets.  I yield the floor.  