President, I want to say a word about the tragedy which has befallen the Kennedy family and the Bessette family, as we learn about the terrible circumstances involving the plane crash last Friday. When my wife came in in Springfield, IL, Saturday morning and said that she had just heard on the radio that John Kennedy's plane was missing, our reaction was the same: Could this be another tragedy for this family?  The Kennedy family means so much to America, so much to the Democratic Party, and so much to many of us personally. As a young student just starting at Georgetown University in 1963, I arrived weeks before the assassination of President John Kennedy. I stood on Pennsylvania Avenue and watched the funeral cortege leave the White House for this Capitol Building, where President John Kennedy's body was held in reverence for visitation by the American people.  Then I can recall, as a college student, sitting in this gallery and looking down on this floor to watch as Senator Ted Kennedy and Senator Robert Kennedy talked about the war in Vietnam, and in the gallery across the way was Ethel Kennedy and other members of the Kennedy family. Little did I dream that the day would come when I would serve with Senator Ted Kennedy and come to know him personally. Each of us who serves with him understands what an extraordinary person he is. He, in my mind, is the best legislator on the floor of the Senate. He is so well versed, so well prepared, and so hard-working, that he is an inspiration to all of us.  We are reminded from time to time, as we were this weekend, that his obligations go beyond the Senate and certainly to a large family who looks to him for guidance and leadership in times of trial. This week, Ted Kennedy is bringing together the Kennedy family in mourning over the death of John Kennedy, his wife Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren. Our hearts go out to him and the entire family and to the Bessette family as well.  Those of us who remember that 1963 assassination graphically can recall exactly where we were at the moment that we heard President John Kennedy was shot. As we watched all the scenes unfold afterwards, one of the most poignant was that of little John Kennedy saluting his father as the casket passed in front of the church. I guess we had always hoped that because Caroline and John Kennedy had endured this tragedy so early in life that God would find a special place for them and they would lead normal, happy, and secure lives. They certainly set out to do it and did it well, both of them. Then again, a tragedy such as this will occur and remind us again of our vulnerability and fragility as human beings.  Our hearts and prayers go out to both families, and certainly to Senator Kennedy in his leadership role in the Kennedy family. We will be remembering them as this week passes and as we address our concern and sympathy on the floor of the Senate.  