 Mr. President, we come today to begin the debate on the appropriations bill for the District of Columbia. I am not certain, but I believe, of the 13 appropriations bills considered by the House and Senate, this is probably the smallest bill. Yet if you looked at the controversy that has preceded this debate, it would be a surprise to realize it is a small bill in comparison to other spending bills.  I say at the outset, my colleague and my friend, the Senator from Texas, Mrs. Hutchison, has been a pleasure to work with. Oh, we disagree on some things, and we have had some pretty hot debates, but I have the highest respect for her ability and her hard work and her willingness to sit down to try to work out our differences. I think it is because of that that we come today with the underlying D.C. appropriations bill--once vetoed by President Clinton--considerably improved over the original version.  The Senator from Texas has outlined several elements that we have changed or improved, and I would like to note them as well for the record.  I think it is important we follow the lead of the public health experts, who tell us the incidence of HIV and AIDS in the District of Columbia is a national disaster. It is seven times the rate of the rest of the United States. If we do not acknowledge this health care crisis, and respond to it with aggressive and creative programs, we are going to doom generations of D.C. residents and others who come into contact with them. It is that serious. That is why I applaud the Senator from Texas.  The needle exchange program no longer receives any Federal funds or any local funds, but if the program is offered by a clinic, in the District of Columbia, they will not be disqualified from other public health programs. That, then, leaves it to the individual clinics to make the decision. It does not ban the program, it merely says there will not be governmental funds used for these purposes. That is not the compromise I was looking for, but I think it is a reasonable one. I support it.  On the question of voting rights, it retains the ban on local and Federal funds on the voting rights case. But the D.C. corporation counsel, the city's attorney, is permitted to review and comment on legal briefs and private lawsuits.  This is what it is all about. There is a fear on the Republican side of theaisle that if the District of Columbia ever achieves statehood, it will elect Democrats. So they have historically opposed any efforts toward statehood; and they have tried to stop or slow it down in a variety of ways throughout history. It is a very clear political decision. But I think we have done the best we can and said that the D.C. corporation counsel can at least review and comment on the status of lawsuits moving in that direction with the city council.  The cap on city council salaries of 5 percent is not something I would vote for were it not part of a package that I think is important to pass. I do not believe we should try to inject ourselves in the decisions of the D.C. City Council--even bad decisions. This is a questionable decision. The pay raise they are envisioning, I believe, is in the neighborhood of 15 percent, if I am not mistaken--a pretty substantial increase. And the Senator from Texas believes it should be no more than 5 percent.  I am not certain I would even weigh in on that debate since it is a local decision. If we are going to weigh in on local decisions, I certainly would like to weigh in on what I consider the absolute foolishness of the D.C. City Council in announcing a tax cut of $57 million at a time when the District of Columbia still lacks the most basic in public services.  You can leave this Capitol Building right here, that is well known around the world, and go four or five blocks away, at night, and run the risk of being shot and killed. Of course, that happens in some other cities, including in my State of Illinois. But the fact is, the District of Columbia is not safe for visitors or residents. And to declare a tax cut under these circumstances is absolutely foolish. To ignore the public health needs of the District of Columbia and to say we have so much money in our till that we can give away $57 million in tax cuts is ridiculous.  The HIV/AIDS crisis alone would argue that the District should take this public health issue more seriously. There was a program on television the other day, on CNN, which reported the ratio of students to computers in the United States of America: Dead last--and no surprise--the District of Columbia, 1 computer for every 31 kids. That is as good as it gets if you happen to be a child in the District of Columbia.  Did the D.C. City Council decide to buy more computers so the kids could learn and become proficient in the use of computers to be able to compete and get good jobs? No; no way. They want to give a tax cut of $100 or $200 a year.  Oh, there is applause among some quarters. You can say: I'm a politician. I'm giving away a tax cut. Then you look around and say: Wait a minute. It's not safe to live in my neighborhood. There's an HIV epidemic going on. And the schools are the most disgraceful in the Nation. That is what it comes down to. I think it is a bad decision, but it is a decision they have made.  When you come down to other questions, such as attorneys fees and special education, we have made a concession in terms of the amount of money that will be allowed to attorneys representing families of special ed kids.  I would like to finish my comments on this bill related to the D.C. Appropriations bill and the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill which is before us, but I see our minority leader has come to the floor.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to yield to the minority leader for such time as he may consume, and then resume my comments on the bill.  