President, I thank the Senator from Maryland who has been recognized for his work with the Budget Committee and the Joint Economic Committee. He is a thoughtful analyst of our Nation's economy. I certainly agree with his conclusion.  I would like to make two points, though, that we have not raised so far, to take a closer look at the tax cuts proposed by the Republicans.  The Citizens for Tax Justice have done an analysis of the House tax cut proposal, and they have found that 44 percent of all the benefits in that tax cut bill will go to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans. I am sure Mr. Gates, Mr. Trump, and all the others who have done so well in this economy would love to see a tax cut. But I am not sure they need a tax cut.  Take a look at this. Mr. President, 60 percent of the Republican tax cut would benefit the wealthiest 5 percent, three-quarters of it to the wealthiest 20 percent. Whom have they left behind? Working families--working families who will see little or no tax relief as a result of this Republican plan.  I think about Governor Ann Richards of Texas who used to make commentsabout the other party, the Grand Old Party, and say: They just can't help themselves. When it comes to tax cuts, they just can't stay away from giving tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America at the expense of working families, at the expense of Medicare, at the expense of paying down the national debt, and at the expense of our current economic prosperity.  The Republican Party is adrift, searching for an issue. The one they think they can coalesce behind is a tax cut, the one thing that brings every wing of their party, from extreme right to right and everything between it, together. Yet every time they do it, it turns out they have tipped the scales so heavily to the rich that the American people say we do not want any part of this. If this is just going to be a cheering section of people from country clubs who think the tax cuts are really going to be something for the future, so be it, but it is not good enough for the country.  