President, I am happy to join my colleagues from California and Massachusetts. We were on the floor about a month ago and decided that we would like to have the Senate debate the gun issue. I remember the day very well. The majority leader, Senator Lott, came to the floor and said: You will have your wish. In 2 weeks you will get a vote.  Most people view that as a very historic debate, as America was literally emotionally wrenched over the Littleton, CO, tragedy.  We, finally after a few weeks, addressed it on the floor of the Senate in a debate which culminated in the passage of sensible gun control legislation, when the Vice President of the United States, Al Gore, cast the deciding vote.  We come to the floor this evening, as we have before and will in the future, to urge the leadership of the Senate to again address the issue which is on the minds of American families nationwide.  Senator Kennedy made an excellent point. We are blessed as Members ofthe Senate. We are blessed by being considered Federal employees. As Federal employees, we have access to health care, which very few people in America have.  Imagine this for a moment. Once a year, we have open enrollment. We get to make a choice of medical plans. What do we want for our families?  There is a Congressman now who serves from the State of South Carolina in the House of Representatives who decided at age 60 that he wanted a lung transplant. He waited until open enrollment and enrolled in a plan which would cover a lung transplant for him at the age of 60. He signed up for it and went through the operation successfully, and still serves in the U.S. House of Representatives. This was 6 or 8 years ago. But he was able to shop for his health insurance. What a luxury.  How many Americans can do that? Those of us in the Senate and most Federal employees have that option. What we are talking about is giving this kind of protection and this kind of option to many different Americans when it comes to the quality of their own health care.  When we asked the Rand Corporation how important this issue is, they told us that 115 million Americans either have had a problem with their managed care insurance, or a member of their family has had a problem. This is a real concern.  Do you remember the movie ``As Good As It Gets'' with Jack Nicholson and Helen Hunt? She was so good in that movie and had a little boy suffering from asthma. There was this great scene in the movie where Jack Nicholson decides to pay for a specialist to come see her little boy at their apartment. They are sitting at the table, and Helen Hunt decides to give, in her own earthy way, an expletive definition of managed care. In every movie theater that I have been to where that movie is shown the people started applauding. She knows what she is talking about.  Arbitrary decisions that are being made by bureaucrats and clerks in insurance companies are not good for you or your family.  Senator Kennedy is talking about the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights. Senator Boxer of California spelled out the difference between these two.  It gets down to some fundamental things. When you look at it, think about this.  An internist from my hometown of Springfield, IL, a town of about 110,000 people with two excellent hospitals comes in to talk to me. We are in a conversation. He says: You know, I am treating more and more patients for depression. It is something that seems to bother a lot of people, and thank goodness we have many ways to treat it with drugs and therapies that work. He says: You know, a lot of my patients are concerned if it gets into part of their medical record that they have been treated for chronic depression. He says: Of course, they know that if they are in a position where they have to apply for health insurance in the future they may be turned down because they have ``a mental illness,'' a chronic depression, a very common malady among American people.  Shouldn't we during the course of this debate on a Patients' Bill of Rights talk about this kind of prejudice and discrimination against people who have chronic depression? This is something that affects every family. It could.  When we talk about access to health care--Senator Kennedy made this point, and Senator Boxer as well--the difference between the Republican plan and the Democratic plan is graphic. The Republican plan excludes more than 100 million Americans from protections we are talking about. They cover people that are in a self-funded employer health insurance plan, about 48 million Americans. But look who is left behind--15 million Americans buying individual policies, 23 million State and local government workers, 75 million people whose employers provide coverage through an insurance policy, or an HMO, 75 million people written out of the Republican plan. They leave behind 113 million Americans.  If we are talking about a real bill that addresses the concern of real American families, it should include all.  