GRAMM. I will be glad to yield when I get through if I have time.  Now here are the facts. If you take revenues over the next 10 years that are projected, our tax cut is less than 3.5 percent. In other words, our tax cut cuts taxes, in terms of projected revenue, by under 3.5 percent. That is this huge tax cut we are talking about.  But this chart is really telling. The day Bill Clinton became President, before we raised taxes--or President Clinton raised taxes--many of our colleagues have pointed out that not one Republican voted for that tax increase; and I am proud to say that is true--before he raised taxes in 1993, the Government was taking 17.8 cents out of every dollar earned by every American in Federal taxes.  Today the Federal Government is taking 20.6 cents out of every dollar earned by every American in Federal taxes. That is the highest peacetime level of government taxes in American history, the second highest tax burden, second only to 1944 in American history. If we took the whole $1 trillion non-Social Security surplus--and I note that we are taking less than $800 billion--if we took all of it and cut taxes, we would still be taking, when the full tax cut is in effect 10 years from now, 18.8 cents out of every dollar earned by every American in Federal taxes.  Why is that important? It is important because what is being called a huge tax cut actually leaves taxes substantially above where they were the day Bill Clinton became President. So what is being called a huge, irresponsible, riverboat gamble--I was thinking Senator Breaux might want to defend riverboat gambling--what is being called a huge gamble, we are simply talking about giving back some of this huge tax increase. By the way, the President said later, at a fund-raiser, that he raised taxes too much in 1993. Our tax cut would still leave the tax burden substantially above where it was when Bill Clinton became President.  Let me address the issue very briefly about rich people getting this tax cut. You need to understand when our Democrat colleagues speak that they have a code. The code is, every tax increase is on rich people; every tax cut is for rich people. So you don't ever want to cut taxes because it helps rich people. You always want to raise them because it hurts rich people. You are not for rich people.  The problem is, when that argument was made on the President's tax increase in 1993, they taxed gasoline, and gasoline is bought by both the rich and the poor. They taxed Social Security benefits on incomes of $25,000 or more. That is hardly what we call rich.  When we debated this issue when it first came to the Senate, one of our colleagues got up and said: The Roth tax bill gives 60 percent of the tax cut to the top 25 percent of income earners in America. Can you imagine that this tax cut gives 60 percent of the benefits to the top 25 percent of income earners? But nobody bothered to point out that the top 25 percent of income earners pay 81.3 percent of the taxes. The truth is that the Roth tax cut, in terms of the rate cut, actually makes taxes more progressive, even though it reduces everybody's taxes. It reduces lower-income people's taxes more.  Actually, I wanted it to be cut across the board. You have heard many people say: Some 30 percent of Americans under this tax cut get no tax cut. Can you imagine a tax cut where almost 30 percent of the people get no income tax cut? That sounds crazy until you realize that roughly 30 percent of Americans pay no income taxes. Most taxpayers don't get food stamps. They don't get TANF. They don't get Medicaid because they are not poor. Those programs are not for them.  Tax cuts are for taxpayers. If you don't pay taxes, you don't get a tax cut. It is not because we don't love you. It is not because there is something wrong with you. It is just that tax cuts are for taxpayers. So we are cutting income taxes. If you don't pay income taxes, you don't get a tax cut. Remember that when you hear all this business about rich people and poor people.  Quite frankly, I think we do our country an injustice when we keep trying to pit people against each other based on their income. The plain truth is, if we could calculate this out, the Roth tax cut, the parts of it that we have enough data on in this short period of time to look at, it probably makes the tax code a little more progressive than it is. I don't think we ought to be doing that. I don't have any problem in saying, if you don't pay any taxes, you don't get a tax cut. If you pay a lot of taxes, you get a lot of tax cut.  If we had a 10-percent across-the-board cut--unfortunately, we don't quite get that; I am proud of what we got--but if Senator Rockefeller makes 10 times as much money as I do, he would get 10 times as big a tax cut. Some people get upset about that, but I don't get upset about it.  Alan Greenspan has become, his utterances at least, almost like a bible. Everybody quotes him to make their point. Generally the people quote him to make points that are 180 degrees out of sync. If you listen to the quotes by many of our Democrat colleagues, you would believe that Alan Greenspan has said: Never, ever, ever, under any circumstance, should we give anybody a tax cut. The reality is, what Alan Greenspan has said is very clear. His first preference would be to not spend any of the surplus and to not give any of it back in taxes. But Alan Greenspan says:       If you find that as a consequence of those surpluses they      tend to be spent, then I would be more in the camp of cutting      taxes, because the least desirable outcome is using those      surpluses for expanded outlays.  I submit that is exactly where we find ourselves when we look at the fact that we are spending the surplus as quickly as we can spend it, and the President has proposed spending $1 trillion of it over the next 10 years.  The final point I will make, before summing up, is that several of my colleagues have been joshing me--and boy, it is legitimate. When I was in economics, I never made predictions that would either prove true or false within 100 years. And then I didn't worry about it.  It is true that when President Clinton submitted his economic program, as we debated it in those first 2 years, I said some awfully unkind things about it--not things you couldn't print in the paper, but they weren't generous. I suggested that if it was adopted, we would have a recession.  Our colleagues have said: Well, look at the wonderful economy we have.  In my final, major points, I will, as Paul Harvey, give you the rest of the story. To listen to our colleagues today, they would have you believe that all of the Clinton program was just a tax increase. But there were two other parts of it. If we are going to be fair to my quote, we need to be fair in saying there were two other parts of the Clinton program in those first 2 years. It certainly did raise taxes. I certainly was against it, and I still believe the economy would be better off if we had not done it. But the other two parts our Democrat colleagues want to forget. The first was a major spending program that spent $17 billion in the first year.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith of Oregon). The Senator's time has expired.  