For the sake of some companies which do not protect their workers in the workplace and do not care to spend the money to do it, we are basically going to say we will establish no standards for workplaces across America. Senator Gregg, my colleague, proposed the new National Academy of Sciences study last September in committee. Then he stated, ``. . . the study does not in any way limit OSHA'' in moving forward with the ergonomic standard.  By the way, this study asks exactly the same seven questions the previous study asked. Even Chairman Stevens of Alaska stated, ``There is no moratorium under this agreement.''  So we are told the Department is supposed to go forward in establishing these standards. Along comes the Bond amendment. I remind my colleagues, the Bond amendment stops the Department of Labor in its tracks. It prohibits that department, OSHA, from promulgating or continuing the rulemaking process, issuing any standard, regulation, or guidelines regarding ergonomics for a year.  So the deal has been changed. The losers in this bargain are the workers across America who expect us to care and expect us to respond. I think it is time to bring an end to this charade. We have a real problem. We need real solutions. Workers across this country need real protection. The Bond amendment removes the possibility of establishing this standard of protection.  A few weeks ago I was visited by Madeleine Sherod. Madeleine is a victim of these injuries, a mother of five children who are now all grown. She has worked for an Illinois paint company for 20 years.  When she started, she literally lifted and moved work stations from one area of the plant to another. This job consisted of lifting several different sizes and weights of boxes. After several months of this type of work she transferred to the shipping department where she performed the duties of a warehouse worker. Her job consisted of driving a material handling truck and lifting cartons of paint that were packaged in various sizes and weights (5 gallon pails weighing approximately 20 lbs-90 lbs). She performed this job for at least 13 years. She later transferred to a job where she now operates several different pieces of machinery. She must keep the equipment operating efficiently--if the machinery breaks down then manual labor must be performed.  Her first injury occurred about 15 years ago. She was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome and had surgery to relieve the pain. As a mother of 5 children her ability to perform the normal tasks as a parent was an everyday struggle. She was unable to comb her three daughters hair, wash dishes, sweep floors, or many other day-to-day tasks that working moms must perform.  Her second injury occurred about 7 years ago. Madeleine was diagnosed with tendinitis and this time had tenon release surgery. Even today she has to wear a wrist brace to help strengthen her wrist. Being extra cautious has become part of her everyday life when it comes to the use of her wrist.  She recently found a lump on her left wrist, and is preparing herself for yet another surgery.  The company has not been able to make any adjustments for her at this time. They say that there really is nothing they can do to change the work that is preformed in the shipping department to curtail repetitive use of the hands, knees and back.  And here's the clincher: the majority of the women who have worked for this company for more than 10 year have had similar surgeries for their injuries.  