 A close friend of my family had a son who was mentally ill. This young man wanted more than anything to go to work. He knew if he did so, he would lose the protection of health insurance. So he was held back from that opportunity. I don't believe he was better for that. I don't believe America was better for that.  This bill addresses that challenge and says that as the disabled go to work, they will still be able to use Medicaid and Medicare to protect themselves with health insurance even as they earn some income. That is only just. It opens up an opportunity that currently is not there. I am happy to be a supporter of this legislation. I look forward to voting for it when it comes to the floor.  There is some reservation in my mind about the bill that is before us, not because of the provision I just mentioned, nor because of the extension of certain tax credits and benefits, but, rather, because of the language in this bill relating to organ donation.  This is the challenge we face in America. If you are an American grievously ill, in need of an organ transplant, your chances of survival depend more than anything on your address and how much money you have. You could be the most seriously ill person in some State in this Union and be overlooked and bypassed in favor of another patient in another State who is not as seriously ill and might be able to wait. That needs to change. That is certainly not a fair or American way.  The rules we are trying to promulgate to make that change have been the source of great controversy on Capitol Hill. It is sad when it comes to a point where Members of the House and Senate are deeply involved in a debate over the availability of organs for donation to those who need a transplant to live.  In my State of Illinois, over the last 3 years, 97 people have died waiting for organ transplants at the University of Chicago. I see my colleague from the State of Pennsylvania, Senator Santorum, where 187 people died waiting at the University of Pittsburgh. My colleagues, Senator Moynihan and Senator Schumer, know that 99 people died waiting at Mount Sinai in New York. In the last week alone, two people have died at one of the Chicago transplant centers because an organ did not become available.  If you are an American who needs a liver transplant to survive and you live in the following States, you have much less chance of receiving the transplant: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, New York, or Pennsylvania.  This is not a fair system. It is a system which cries out for justice and one that cries out for the politicians to step aside. Let the medical community find the best and most efficient way organs can move to the people who need them to live, instead of getting caught up in some special interest tangle here or political dogfight. It is sad that we are now in a situation on this bill where we have not resolved this contentious issue. I sincerely hope all parties will come together, and soon, to make certain that changes are made to make the system fairer. We know, by the people we represent, that this is literally a life-or-death argument.  Kathryn Krivy lives in Chicago. She runs the wellness clinic at the Northwestern Memorial Hospital. She is desperately in need of a new liver. She has developed primary biliary cirrhosis, a very rare autoimmune disease that is incurable. She has been on the transplant list in Chicago for over 2 years, but currently, because of the delay, she has decided to sign up at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota because it is much more likely she can receive a transplant in a shorter period of time. She has the knowledge and the resources to make that decision, but many of the poorer people in America waiting for an organ transplant do not have that luxury.  We should not reach the point in America where something as basic as the gift of life, an organ donation, depends on your home address. That is exactly what has occurred. An estimated 66,000 potential organ recipients are waiting their turn. Only 20,000 will see an organ transplant this year. Nearly, 5,000 Americans will die each year, at least 13 every day, while awaiting organ transplants. Of those, it is estimated that 300 to 1,000 Americans, maybe up to 3 a day, might be spared if this system were fairer and were revised. Unfortunately, that is not the case.  Though this is an excellent bill which I support, I believe it is a sad commentary that we have reached this state of affairs. I hope in the next session of Congress we can bring justice to organ donation.  I yield the floor.  