President, today I plan to cast my vote in favor of the fiscal year 2000 Agriculture appropriations conference report. I do so, however, with great disappointment in the final package crafted by the Republican leadership. In short, I believe the conference report inadequately addresses the needs of our Nation's farmers, falls short on lifting economically dangerous embargos, and has turned a usually bipartisan, open, and fair process into a backroom operation.  With that said, Mr. President, I cannot stand in the way of at least some relief for to our struggling farmers and our fragile farm economy. The Illinois Department of Agriculture estimates that $450 million from the $8.7 billion agriculture relief package will directly benefit Illinois producers through receipt of 100 percent of their 1999 Agriculture Market Transition Act (AMTA) payments. This is in addition to the more than $450 million already received by Illinois farmers this year to help them through this crisis.  The Illinois farm economy is in trouble. Farm income in Illinois dropped 78 percent last year to just over $11,000, the lowest in two decades and down significantly from the $51,000 figure in 1997. Lower commodity prices and record low hog prices, in particular, are primarily to blame for this net farm income free fall in my home State.  The Illinois Farm Development Authority recently noted that the financial stress faced by Illinois farmers today is higher than it has been for 10 years. Activity in the Authority's Debt Restructuring Guarantee Program is four or five times higher today than last year. The Authority approved 7 to 10 loans per month in 1998. In 1999, the Authority has been approving 30-40 Debt Restructuring loans per month-a 300-percent increase. This is a record level, unmatched since the 1986-87 farm crisis.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture has predicted that prices for corn, soybeans, and wheat will remain well below normal and that farm income will again drop this year. Nationally, farm income has declined more than 16 percent since 1996.  USDA is facing the largest farm assistance expenditure in its history. USDA processed 2,181 Loan Deficiency Payments LDPs in 1997, about 2.1 million in 1998--a thousand times more, and will work through a projected three million LDPs this year. Unfortunately, it appears that this crisis will drag on for the foreseeable future, further draining USDA's resources and reserves.  I served as a conferee on this bill. However, I never had the opportunityto fully debate the disaster provisions or bring up important matters such as producer-owned livestock processing and marketing cooperatives. Also, I find it unacceptable that the conference report excludes Cuba from the list of countries exempted from embargoes and sanctions for food and medicine. The Senate voted overwhelmingly in August to include the Ashcroft-Dodd provision in this bill. And Senate conferees insisted on this important language. When it became clear that the House conferees were on the verge of agreeing to a food and medicine exemption for Cuba, the House Republican leadership shut down the conference and completed the outstanding issues behind closed doors.  I did not sign the conference report because I believe the process was tainted--conferees were excluded from important final decisions. I hope this is never repeated. It undermines the credibility of the entire Congress.  Once the Senate acts on the conference report and sends it to the President, our role in helping to improve conditions in rural America does not end. We should vigorously explore other ways to help our Nation's farmers and our rural economy. We should work on short-term remedies like additional targeted disaster assistance as well as long-term solutions such as expanded trade opportunities--including ensuring that agriculture has an equal seat at the table for the upcoming round of WTO talks, promotion of renewable fuels like ethanol, and tax fairness.  I hope the president will sign this bill quickly and then work with the Congress to submit a supplemental request taking into account the devastating financial crisis that continues in rural America. To delay further action on this matter would be a great disservice to the men and women who dedicate their lives to production agriculture.  