Those who look through the Congressional Record are going to find something truly amazing has just occurred. This debate on health insurance reform started at 1:10 p.m. It wasn't until 3:59 p.m., almost 3 hours later, that the first Republican Senator referred to our amendment as ``socialized'' medicine. Almost 3 hours passed on the Senate floor before the Republicans turned to that old, beat up shibboleth--socialized medicine. That may show there has been some progress. In years gone by, that would have been raised in the first 5 minutes.  However, I think it is important my friends on the Republican side of the aisle, who were supporting the approach favored by the insurance industry, stop and consider for a moment that the world has changed dramatically since we used to simplify debate into terms of socialized medicine and the medical practice that most Americans want.  I say to Senators on the floor for the Republican side, do the Senators not consider it odd, if State regulation--which you are lauding--is so effective, that the American Medical Association is suggesting they may have to unionize across America to deal with these health insurance companies? Isn't it strange, if State regulation and State bills of right for patients are so effective, that over 200 medical organizations and others support the Democratic approach for a national standard of protection for all American citizens? If the States are doing such a great job protecting so many people, why are so many medical professionals unhappy? Why are so many families across America calling our office, writing letters, telling these horror stories which we have recounted on the floor of the Senate and will recount during the course of this week?  There may not be a more important debate on the floor of the Senate this year for America's families. We are going to decide this week whether or not you can count on your health insurance. A lot of people across America can't count on it. When it comes down to the tough time, a 12-year-old boy with cancer, as Mr. and Mrs. Ray Cerniglia discussed this afternoon, they had to fight their HMO. A couple, facing the tragedy of a 12-year-old with a rare, dangerous cancer, summons the courage to deal with it. They go for the best medical help they can find. That isn't enough. Now they have to worry about fighting the insurance company.  The Republican approach is: So what. That's business. That is the way things are.  We on this side of the aisle disagree. We believe, along with the medical professionals in America, that American families deserve better. The Republican approach is an approach supported by one group: the insurance industry. The insurance industry is spending millions of dollars on television ads distorting what this debate is all about.  I heard my Republican colleagues talk about States rights; we should leave it to the States to decide whether or not America's families should have good health insurance protection.  Take a look at what the States have already done:  Twelve States haven't done a thing about access to emergency services. If you have a serious accident in your backyard, you can take that little boy who fell out of the tree and broke his arm to the nearest emergency room and not fumble around looking at your insurance policy, wondering if you will be covered.  Thirty-one States have not enacted laws for independent appeals. If an insurance company denies coverage, you have an opportunity for an independent appeal. The Republican approach is an in-house appeal by the insurance company.  Thirty-eight States have not protected families that want to make certain they have access to the right medical specialists. But the Republican bill is one that doesn't guarantee that right to literally over 100 million Americans.  The list goes on and on.  Many of the Republicans who oppose this plan to protect America's families and their health insurance argue ``States rights.'' It is an old argument.  Senator Kennedy, Senator Daschle, and others have said: Yes, if you bring these new protections into law, as we would like to have for every American regardless of where they live, the cost of health insurance will go up--$2 a month.  I see crocodile tears on the floor of the Senate as they bemoan the increased costs of health insurance policies if we pass our bill--$2 a month. Isn't it worth $2 a month to have access to a specialist when you need it? Isn't it worth $2 a month to know your doctor is giving you the best medical advice and his decision is not being overridden by some health insurance clerk? I think it is worth that and more.  They on the other side argue that our approach is too much government. It isn't empowering government. We are empowering families across America to have negotiable rights with the insurance companies, that they can stand up and say these are our rights, this is for what we stand.  This isn't a right for government. It is a right for families--families in the most precarious situations in their lives, facing the most serious illnesses. That is what we are doing here. We are empowering families and individuals to stand up to these health insurance companies.  We have seen from the letters--I have seen them from Illinois; every Senator has--how helpless people feel when they have someone in their family who is near death and they are sitting there fighting with some faceless clerk at an insurance company, begging for the care their doctor says their little boy or their little girl needs.  We give these families power with this Patients' Bill of Rights. Why the Republicans oppose this, I don't know. I can understand why the insurance industry opposes it. They have a pretty good thing going on. They make the decisions and they can't even be sued when they are wrong. You can't even take them to court.  I had an interview the other day in Chicago. One of the reporters afterwards said: Let me get this straight. We can't sue these health insurance companies when they make the wrong decision? I said: That is right. It is the only business in America that can't be held accountable for its wrongdoing.  Think about their wrongdoing. It is a matter of life and death. A health insurance company denies a basic treatment and someone can die as a result and they wouldn't be held accountable.  The thing that troubles me, too, is the Republicans leave so many people behind. What they call ``our Patients' Bill of Rights'' is an empty promise. Mr. President, 113 million Americans without health insurance--no protection in the Republican bill; no protection in a bill supported by the insurance industry.  Look what it means in some of the States of the Senators who have been on the floor today. I say to the Senator from Oklahoma, 1,574,000 people in Oklahoma are not protected by the Republican bill; 79 percent of privately insured are not protected under the Republican plan. Who are these people? They are farmers. They are self-employed people, wheat growers in Oklahoma.  Look at the State of Maine, the potato growers. Farmers there, 557,000 of them, are not protected by the Republican bill; 70 percent of the privately insured are not protected by the Republican bill. State of Texas: We have heard a lot about big government there, haven't we? Over 6 million residents of Texas are not protected by the Republican bill, 59 percent of them.  Yes, it is true. There is a State Bill of Rights in Texas. Governor George W. Bush vetoed it, and it was overridden by the State legislature. It is on the books. But basically we say everybody in America--Texas, Illinois, you name it--deserves the same kind of protection. If the Republicans had their way, in my home State of Illinois, almost 5 million people would not be protected, would not receive the benefit of the reforms we are talking about in health insurance; 59 percent of those privately insured not protected by the Republican plan.  Who are those folks? Let me show you a picture of some of them. This is my home State, farmers left unprotected by the Republican ``Patients' Bill of Wrongs.'' This is a gentleman I know by the name of Tom Logsdon. His 24-year-old daughter was diagnosed with breast cancer. She has gone through a lot. The Republicans would not protect her, would not protect her family because they are self-employed people. They are farmers. They do not believe there should be this kind of protection for those folks. I disagree. I think these families and families across America deserve the same continuity of care, the same protection. I think, frankly, when you look at the choice in this bill, you can understand why the insurance companies support the Republican bill and oppose the Democratic bill.  Here is the only way we are going to get this bill passed. We have to hope that five or six Republican Senators will break ranks and decide to join us in a bipartisan effort to really provide coverage and protection for people across America. If that does not happen, if this breaks down along partisan lines, we will spend a week in debate and the American people will say: What happened? Nothing will have happened. I hope before this debate is concluded we have that bipartisan support.  I yield the remainder of my time.  