President. I thank the chairman of the subcommittee, the Senator from Pennsylvania.  This is a difficult choice which is offered to us by the Senator from Arkansas in terms of transferring money because hardly any Member of the Senate will argue that community health centers should have more resources. We opened a new one in my hometown. It is very important in many rural areas. In smalltown America, these community health centers provide health care that is not otherwise available. So in that regard I applaud his effort. I only take exception to his source.  The National Labor Relations Board has been a pain in the side of big business for over 60 years because it is a mechanism for dealing with disputes between employers and employees and employees and labor unions.  There has been an effort by those who cannot repeal the law creating this agency to reduce the resources of the agency and make the delays in the backlog so insufferable that the agency virtually was stopped in its tracks. Not that many years ago there was a hard freeze on this agency which resulted in slowing down the process for years.  As I travel around the State of Illinois, and I listen to my colleagues from other parts of the Nation, I find that if you are trying to organize a plant, for example, to bring in a labor union, and there is some dispute about whether both sides are following the law, it is almost impossible to turn to the NLRB and expect a timely decision on violations of the law. As a consequence, the whole effort of collective bargaining, which has been a recognized legal right in this country for decades, is jeopardized because of efforts to strangle this agency.  This is not a voluntary reduction in NLRB funds. This is an effort to stop its mission. Frankly, I think that is a serious mistake because we understand as well that some of the rights that are protected by the National Labor Relations Board were rights that were fought for over the years by many people who gave their blood and their lives to make certain that the concept principle of collective bargaining would be recognized.  Listen to this about the agency backlog currently facing the NLRB. Despitethe agency's success in screening out tens of thousands of public inquiries and voluntarily resolving the vast majority of its representation in unfair labor practice, backlogs continue to grow with no concomitant increases in staffing.  I salute the chairman of the subcommittee, the Senator from Pennsylvania, and his counterpart on the Democratic side, the Senator from Iowa. They have recognized it and put $25 million into the NLRB.  When you look to where this money is being spent, it is for things that are absolutely essential--training the people who work there, the attorneys, the hearing officers, and the like to make sure people get a fair chance and their day in court.  The Senator from Arkansas closes out that possibility. He takes the $25 million away.  Some of the funds here are used to modernize computer equipment to deal with the Y2K problem. The Senator from Arkansas, by cutting $25 million, makes that more difficult to achieve. A lot of the money is used for basic administration of the agency, relocating people where they are needed, where the workload is growing. The Senator from Arkansas steps in the path of that. I suggest to those listening to the debate on this amendment, don't just dwell on where the money is going. Look to the source of the money.  The Senator from Pennsylvania very eloquently has presented the fact that the backlogs are still a problem and, if we adopt the approach of the Senator from Arkansas, we are going to be, if not turning out the lights, dimming the lights in a very important agency where justice is part of the agenda; in fact, it is the reason for the existence of the agency.  Looking at what the NLRB has accomplished in a very short period of time, one understands why they need to be in business and fully staffed. Last year, the National Labor Relations Board cases resulted in reinstatement offers to 4,500 American employees who alleged unlawful firing or layoff. They also had cases that resulted in back pay and other monetary recovery to more than 24,000 American workers totaling more than $92 million. They also held nearly 3,800 representation elections affecting a quarter million American workers.  What the Senator from Arkansas does with his amendment is restrict the power of this agency to do its job, to say to America's workers from one coast to the other, they are not going to be able to call this agency and expect it to be there and be responsive.  If you decide in a democratic election by majority vote at your business to bargain collectively and to seek representation of a union, the Senator from Arkansas makes sure your telephone call goes unanswered at NLRB when you need a helping hand to resolve a dispute between employer and employee. If you are someone fired and fired illegally or unlawfully, who turns to the Federal legal network, the National Labor Relations Board, and says, I was discriminated against, I was unlawfully fired, the Senator from Arkansas makes certain your telephone call is not likely to be answered.  Mr. President, $25 million is taken out of the agency, including money for computer modernization. On the whole question of whether or not you are going to have union representation in a free and democratic process and whether you have the National Labor Relations Board to make sure both sides follow the rules, the Senator from Arkansas, with his amendment, takes the $25 million out of this agency which is necessary for them to keep up with their workload.  I say those who oppose the National Labor Relations Board and want to close it down should do it in a clean vote. Put your amendment on the floor to close it down, have it up or down, and decide whether American workers will have this forum for protection or not. But to bleed off from this agency $25 million they need to protect workers across the United States in the name of helping community health centers is a tactic that should be exposed for what it is. It is an effort to take away from a very important agency the resources they need to respond to the requests of American workers across the Nation.  I might add for those who think this is another labor amendment or antilabor amendment, those who dispute the treatment under their labor agreements, employees who believe labor organizations are not treating them fairly, have the National Labor Relations Board to turn to as well; it is not just the private sector companies.  American workers' rights are at stake here. This is not just a question of health care in rural areas, which I support; it is a question of whether or not we will protect the hard-fought-for rights of American workers across the Nation.  I urge my colleagues to support the efforts of the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, to table this motion, to stand by this subcommittee, and make sure the National Labor Relations Board has the resources it needs to do the job that is very important to American workers.  I yield the floor.  