 Yesterday, as I was driving with my wife to the airport in Springfield, IL, to catch the plane, we were listening to National Public Radio and heard that my friend and colleague, Senator John Chafee, had passed away. I turned to my wife and said: This was a really special guy. I am sorry you didn't get to know him.  I have only served in the Senate for a little over 2 years. I look over there at his desk, which now has a bouquet of flowers, and realize that just a few days ago we were on the floor together talking about legislation and votes.  He was such an extraordinary man. In the 2\1/2\ years I have been here, Icame to know him and developed a friendship across the aisle, Democrat to Republican. I really came to respect John Chafee. He has an amazing story. Tom Brokaw has a famous book that is very popular called ``The Greatest Generation,'' about the men and women who served our country in World War II and what special people they were. John Chafee was one of those people. To leave Yale and enlist at the age of 20, to go into the Marines and be part of the invasionary force on Guadalcanal, and then to come back and complete his education but to consider his obligation to his country so paramount he left again to serve in the Korean war under some very difficult circumstances, it shows a special, personal commitment to public service. Many of us, myself included, stand in awe when we consider that.  Then, of course, he served as Secretary of the Navy during the Vietnam war, a very controversial period in our history, and was regarded as a fair and honest man in that responsibility. Three times Governor of his State of Rhode Island, four times elected as Senator from a State which has historically elected more Democrats than Republicans, it was quite a tribute to John Chafee that he was elected time and again by his neighbors and friends in the State of Rhode Island.  Here on the Senate floor he played an important role. In my mind, he was a constant reminder of what the Senate could be on a good day; that there could be people of like mind on both sides of the aisle coming together to find bipartisan solutions. When I would have a gun control bill I wanted to offer to try to reduce gun violence, I would look across the aisle. I always knew John Chafee would stand up and come to the press conference. We would announce the bill. As we would leave, he would say: I know I am going to hear it again from the National Rifle Association back home but, he said, I just think this is the right thing to do.  It wasn't just on issues of gun violence. You could find the same thing when it came to issues to protect the environment. John Chafee always stood out from the pack. He was always a special person, trying to build an alliance, trying to build a coalition.  I recall when he came to me and asked me to do him a personal favor. As a junior Member of the Senate who respected him so much, I wasn't going to say no. But he told me he had been chosen by the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations to head up an Atlantic Forum that took place every 2 years, bringing together political leaders from Europe, South America, and North America to talk about the future. He asked me if I would be kind enough to attend that conference in Portugal.  I thought about it and realized if it was important to him, it should be important to me. We went to Portugal together. John Chafee presided over about the 150 gathered to talk about some very involved political issues. He did it with such grace and style, such knowledge of the subject. It was one of the more successful conferences I ever attended. When it was over, he announced, shortly thereafter, that he was going to retire from the Senate. He came and asked me, as a favor, would I consider taking over the chairmanship of this forum.  It was a great honor that he would even ask me to consider following in his footsteps, after he had written such an envious record as the chairman of the Atlantic Forum. I have agreed to do that. I hope it will continue in his memory.  As he tried to bridge the ocean to make sure people in North America and South America and Europe came together to find common ground, he did the same thing day in and day out in the Senate.  Just a few months ago we had a contentious debate over gun control. At the last moment, Vice President Gore came in to cast the deciding vote. An important bill left the Chamber, but before that vote was cast, I was talking to John Chafee about this issue on which we held common views. He talked to me about what we could accomplish on the Senate floor and how we shouldn't go too far. He said: A lot of my colleagues over here on the Republican side disagree with me on this issue. I think we ought to stop at this point. I think we have made our point, and we have a good bill. We should proceed.  When I came back over to the Democratic side, I said: This is the advice of John Chafee. A lot of Democratic Senators looked and nodded because they knew it was good advice. It was not only good advice from the head; it was advice from the heart. That was the kind of person he was, respected so much for his intelligence but respected even more for his kindness and his compassion.  I am honored to serve in the Senate. There are moments in public life when each of us think twice about whether we chose the right career. But there are also moments that are ennobling moments, when you feel as if you were part of a great institution for a great Nation. I always felt working with John Chafee embodied those moments. He spoke to the best of the Senate.  He was a good friend, a great colleague, and he was a great American who served his Nation in so many ways. We are going to miss John Chafee, but his memory will endure.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Enzi). The Senator from Florida.  