I do not think there is another Member of Congress, let alone the Senate, who could rival his commitment to education over the years.  I am happy it has come to this vote because I think between these two resolutions--one offered by the Republican majority leader, Mr. Lott, and one offered, as well, on the Democratic side, an alternative by the Democratic minority leader, Senator Tom Daschle--we see a difference in approach and a difference in attitude when it comes to education.  It is curious, as the Senator from Massachusetts has noted, that we have left the education issue for last. After we have talked about every other appropriations bill, some 12 other bills, we are finally going to get around to talking about education. Our human experience tells us we usually leave to last the thing we do not want to do. But why in the world would this Congress not want to deal with education? What is our reluctance to deal with an issue which, on a Republican, Democratic, and independent basis, is judged to be the No. 1 issue in America today? The No. 1 issue with American families is dead last when it comes to Senate consideration.  We are only a few days away from the beginning of a new fiscal year. I will be very honest and concede that rarely, if ever, does Congress have all of its work done on time so we start October 1 with all the new spending bills. But I can never recall a time in the 17 years I have served on Capitol Hill when Congress has been in such utter chaos as we approach October 1.  If the Republican leadership has some master plan they have been holding back on how we are going to meet our responsibilities and do the right thing for the American people, I hope they will unveil it in the next 4 days because October 1 is Republican Responsibility Day. The leaders in Congress, Republican leaders, are responsible for, at a minimum, telling the American people what their plan is so we do not have another horrendous Government shutdown and we meet the priorities on which the vast majority of American families agree.  I look at these two resolutions on education and I can clearly tell there is a difference of opinion between the two political parties about an issue where there should be so much common ground. First, Senator Lott's S. Res. 186--I assume it will be the first one voted on, but whether it is or not, it is interesting to note Senator Lott goes through and recounts some of the things that have been done in funding education and finds many shortcomings with our public education system. Ninety percent of the children in America go to public schools, 10 percent to private schools and home schools, and I concede in many public school districts and systems there are schools and classes and teachers that, frankly, should be better. I think we ought to strive for accountability when it comes to education but also for a commitment to education from this Nation.  I think Senator Lott, however, overlooks some of the more important progress that has been made in public education. I note that student achievement on a nationwide basis is definitely improving. Average reading scores have increased from 1994 to 1998 in all grades tested--4, 8, and 12. It is interesting to me the Republican Party generally opposes the idea of national testing so schools can be held accountable. They think this is all local and it should be done locally, though the students, when they graduate, are going to compete far beyond their localities, probably their States, and maybe nationally or globally. But when we look at these tests we find things are getting better.  We have seen student access to modern computers increasing significantly, and we know the partnership we have been striving to establish between the Federal Government and local school districts has improved reading scores in many districts. In my home State of Illinois, which I am honored to represent in the Senate, we have done remarkable things in the public schoolsystem. A system written off by Secretary of Education William Bennett a few years ago has now become a model for the Nation. It is because of a partnership--Federal, State, and local partnership. There is nothing inherently wrong with that. In fact, we are proving, in Chicago, that partnerships can make a difference.  So when Senator Lott, in his resolution, says Congress has to recognize the need for significant reform in light of troubling statistics, I think this is clearly a case where we are either going to light a candle or curse the darkness. In Senator Lott's situation I am afraid the candle isn't lit.  What we have in the resolution, in the ``resolved'' clause, which is where you get down to business, very little is said. Let me read it to you. This is Senator Lott's Republican resolution:       . . . it is the sense of the Senate that--this Congress has      taken strong steps to reform our Nation's educational system      and allowed States, local schools and parents more      flexibility and authority over their children's education. .      . .  And he goes on in the second paragraph:       The reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary      Education Act of 1965 will enable this Congress to continue      its efforts to send decision making back to States, local      schools, and families.  What a contrast with the resolution that is being supported by Senator Kennedy and offered by Senator Daschle which, for two pages, goes into specific detail as to what this Congress needs to do before we go home if we are going to be able to face families across America and say: Yes, we get the message. Education is critically important.  In the Daschle Democratic resolution, unlike the Republican resolution, he speaks out specifically for us to reduce class sizes so teachers in the early grades can pay more attention to kids who need a helping hand; to increase support for the development and training of professional teachers, and that is something we know we will need as teachers are retiring and as school enrollments continue to work.  More afterschool programs, an issue I feel very strongly about. We can lament violence in our schools; we can lament juvenile crime; but if we do not invest money in afterschool programs, it is easily understood why these problems get worse instead of better.  An increase, and not a decrease, in funding for the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act of 1994.  An increase in funding so kids who come from the toughest neighborhoods and families with the most problems have a chance to succeed.  More money for kids who are disabled, so they will have a chance to prove themselves.  More money for Pell grants. Boy, if you are a parent who has sent any of your kids through college, you understand what kids coming out of college face: A diploma in one hand and the equivalent of a mortgage in the other; $20,000, $30,000, $40,000 for a bachelor's degree. If we do not accept the commitment that Senator Daschle challenges us to accept, these kids will have more and more debt when they graduate. That is clearly something we do not want to see.  We want to make certain that kids, particularly from working families, come out of the college experience and are able to take a good job and not worry, first and foremost, about paying back their school loans which have greatly increased in size.  The Daschle resolution calls for more money for technology in classrooms; also, that the school facilities be modernized. We have seen too many schools that are ramshackle and falling down.  What a clear difference between the Daschle resolution, which speaks in specific terms about the challenges ahead in education, and the resolution offered by Senator Lott, who is now on the floor, which points, I guess, with some pride, to passing the Ed-Flex bill, which I supported, but says, I guess, in a way, that Congress has already taken strong steps. I think the steps taken by Congress can be a lot stronger and more specific. As we face Responsibility Day, October 1, just a few days away, the question most American families will ask us is, Have we addressed education?  I will close with this thought. At this moment in our history, with our economy the strongest, many say, that it has ever been, with more people, particularly in high-income categories, realizing more income and a better quality of life, with the general economy having weathered, endured, and experienced the most prosperous decade in our history, at a time when we are talking about a surplus in our Federal Treasury when only a few months ago we talked about deficits, at a time when the majority party, the Republican Party, has said, we have so much money in Washington, we have to give $792 billion away in a tax cut primarily to wealthy people, I have to say: Before we do that, let's get things right when it comes to education. I want to say to the American people: We got the message; we will start the 21st century committed to education to make sure the American century, the 20th century, is followed by the next American century, the 21st century.  We will not achieve that by holding to the standards suggested in S. Res. 186. It is weak soup. Instead, we should be dealing with Senator Daschle's resolution which calls on this Congress in specific terms to meet its obligation not only to the families across America and the voters who sent us here but the future generations who count on us to be prepared to put education as our highest priority.  