President, the amendment proposed in the second-degree amendment by the Republican side states a principle which is universally popular in the Senate. It is this: If you are a self-employed person buying health insurance, you should be able to deduct the cost of that health insurance from your taxes like other Americans do.  I introduced legislation along these lines more than 10 years ago in the House. I introduced it in the Senate with Senator Bond of Missouri and Senator Collins of Maine. It is bipartisan. It is universal. It will easily pass. And it is a diversion from the debate. It is a diversion.  The Republicans want to talk about access to health insurance, which is important; the Democrats believe it is equally important to talk about the quality of the health insurance that you are buying.  It is ironic as well that the Republicans offer this amendment so that the self-employed people in America can buy insurance. When I take a look at their underlying bill, which you might find surprising, it says those same people who will now be able to buy insurance will enjoy none of the protections of the Republican bill. On the one hand they say: Buy the insurance. But on the other hand they say: We can't guarantee that it is worth buying.  The Democratic approach is consistent: Help families buy insurance, make sure the insurance policy is worth owning, make sure that in time of family crisis you are protected.  The Republican approach is: We will help you buy it, but we cannot tell you whether it is worth buying or not.  They argue it is a matter of States rights. This is such a weak argument when you consider the 200 different organizations--the American Nurses Association, the American Medical Association, all of the different groups for medical professionals--have said that State regulation is not enough; we do not have a consistent national standard of protection for American families. That is what the Democratic side is offering: a consistent national standard.  It bothers those on the Republican side. They do not want to see this consistency. They think people who live in Oklahoma deserve perhaps more rights than those who live in Maine. They think people who live in Nevada should be treated differently than people in Illinois. I disagree. Wherever you live in America, if you buy health insurance, you ought to know that it protects your family. To leave it to State legislatures and to leave over 113 million Americans behind, as the Republicans have done with their approach, is not fair.  This second-degree amendment, which allows self-employed people like farmers and businesspeople to buy health insurance, is so universally popular we can accept it with a voice vote. But let it not divert us from our mission at hand: to make sure the insurance that every American buys is worth owning.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  