President, it is interesting. Prior to my speech, the Senator from New Jersey and the Senator from Rhode Island talked about lead poisoning and public health. The Senator from Maine has discussed Medicare, and now I want to discuss the Patients' Bill of Rights. There have been three speeches in a row on health care. It sounds like a pretty important issue to me.  Frankly, for many Americans, it is the most important issue. But the sad reality is that the Senate spends a lot of time on speeches when it comes to health care and almost no time when it comes to debating legislation to make things better.  If you are watching this proceeding or are within the sound of my voice and you can say in the last year I had a problem in my family with health insurance coverage or I know someone in my family who did, do not believe you are in the minority. In fact, almost 50 percent of Americans say they have had problems with their managed care health insurance.  What kind of problems? Coverage. If there is a problem, a medical problem, will the managed care policy cover it with the care that is necessary, or do you have to go out and hire a lawyer?  On the question of emergency room access, if you belong to a managed care plan, they might tell you, incidentally, you are supposed to go to St. John's Hospital and not Memorial Medical Center and you find yourself in a predicament where Memorial Medical Center is closer to your home in an emergency situation, you better check your policy. You might have just done something, by going to the wrong hospital, in the view of that insurance company, that is going to cost you and your family some money. That should be changed.  Basically, an individual in a family situation who has a medical necessity, a kid who has fallen down with a broken arm or something very serious should not have to fumble through the glove compartment to figure out which hospital to go to for emergency care. That is something we need to address.  The Patients' Bill of Rights proposed by the Democratic side is an attempt to try to address obvious inadequacies when it comes to health insurance and health care in America. I have given a couple of examples--coverage under a health insurance policy and the question of which emergency room you can use. There are many others.  For instance, most people believe when they sit down in the doctor's office, the doctor is being honest with them, the doctor is telling the truth, the doctor is giving his or her best medical judgment. In fact, that relationship and that conversation is really so honored in law, that in a courtroom it is considered a confidential relationship--the doctor-patient relationship. Yet, what has happened is there is another party in the room, although invisible. That other party is a bureaucrat from an insurance company. Many doctors, when they lean over the table and say, you know, I think this is what your son needs, or this is what your wife will need, are not giving you their best medical advice. They are telling you what the health insurance company will pay for and what it will not pay for.  One of the things we address in the Patients' Bill of Rights is ending this physician gag rule. Please, in America, allow doctors to practice medicine. Do not let clerks and insurance companies make crucial medical decisions.  The Illinois State Medical Society invited me several years ago to accompany a local doctor in Springfield, IL, to a hospital and spend a day making rounds. I was a little nervous about it because, frankly, I do not have any business in a hospital room unless I am being treated. But they invited me, and it turned out that most of the patients were happy to see a politician wandering around with their doctors.  But the thing that was an eye-opener at St. John's Hospital in Springfield was when the doctor I was accompanying decided he wanted to keep a patient in the hospital over the weekend. The lady was in her sixties. She had been diagnosed with a brain tumor that was causing her dizziness. She lived alone.  The doctor said: I'm afraid that if she went home over the weekend before the Monday surgery to remove the tumor, she might fall down and hurt herself. We would have to postpone the surgery. I want to keep her in the hospital so we can take care of her and watch her, and then on Monday perform the surgery.  I am a layman, but that sounded perfectly reasonable.  Before he could make that decision, though, he had to get on the phone and call a clerk at an insurance company in Omaha, NE. You know what the clerk said? ``No. Send her home. Tell her to come back Monday morning for the brain surgery.''  This doctor could not believe it. He stood at this nurse's station, on that same floor, arguing with that clerk for half an hour. Finally, he slammed the phone down and said: I'm keeping this woman in the hospital. We'll appeal this later on.  What that doctor faced is repeated every day all across America where people who are sitting with these books of insurance regulations are making the decisions--the life-and-death decisions--that we count on when we take ourselves or our family in for medical care.  This has to come to an end. It has to change. We have to say, basically, that health insurance in this country is not going to be driven just by the bottom line in reducing costs, but by the top line of quality medical care; we are not going to take health care away from the professionals and give it to the insurance bureaucrats.  There is legislation pending before the Senate which engages this debate, which says this, the greatest deliberative body in America, is going to come down and debate, once and for all, how to make it right for American families. That bill is mired down in the process and cannot be brought to this floor. As a result, we stand before you today--and I know Senator Dorgan is going to address this as well--in frustration.  What is it we are doing here that is more important than making sure health insurance and health care in America is of the highest quality? We spent 5 days, 5 legislative days, debating the protection of computer companies. Well, it is an interesting challenge in terms of liability and their protection. Can't we spend 5 hours debating whether or not 150 million American families have health insurance protection? Isn't that worth our time and our debate?  Oh, there are differences of opinion here. I see things one way and some on the other side may see it another, but that is what the legislative process is about. Yet, we cannot seem to bring it to the floor so that we can have an honest debate to help America's families.  The other day I called on the Senate majority leader, the Republican leader, Trent Lott, to call up this bill before the Fourth of July. We have the bill out there. We know what the issues are. Let's have the debate. Yet, he was not sure he could. I hope he changes his mind. I hope those who were listening to this speech, and others, will decide that it is worth calling their Senators and their Congressmen and telling them: Yes, do something about health insurance.  Incidentally, in the case I mentioned earlier, where that insurance company clerk told the doctor to send the lady home, that if that clerk guessed wrong, and that lady went home, fell down the stairs and had a serious injury, do you know who is liable for that? Do you know who would have to answer in court for that insurance clerk's decision? The doctor--not the insurance company, the doctor.  That is what is upside down, because in America we are all held accountable for our actions. But by a quirk in the Federal law, health insurance companies--many of them are not held accountable for their conduct, not held accountable for their decisions.  Are the doctors upset about this? Are hospitals upset? Wouldn't you be if you wanted to do the right thing for the patient, and the insurance company makes the decision, a wrong one, the patient is injured, and the person sued ends up being the doctor or the hospital?  Frankly, in this country we are all held accountable for our actions. Why should health insurance companies be any different? If they knew they had to answer for their decisions, I think they would make better decisions. I think they would be more sensitive and more responsive. That is one of the key areas of disagreement between Democrats and Republicans on this bill.  Should it be debated? I think so. I would like a vote on it. Let's decide whether health insurance companies shall be held accountable like every other company in America. For some reason, the leadership here in the Senate does not want us to debate this issue. That is a sad reality.  They have come up with a bill, incidentally, which really only covers a third of Americans who are covered by health insurance. So many other Americans just do not have a chance.  Let me give you an example of what I am talking about. If you worked for AT, you would be covered by the Republican bill; General Electric, covered by their bill; Wal-Mart, covered by their bill. But other small business employees would be left behind to fend for themselves. Family farmers--I have a lot of them in Illinois--they pay for their own insurance, they pay a lot for it; they would not be protected by the Republican bill. Public school teachers, policemen, women firefighters, in fact all State and local employees would not be covered by the bill that is being proposed by the Republicans.  This is worthy of a debate. Are we going to have a Patients' Bill of Rights that helps all Americans, or are we going to slice off a third of them and say: Well, we're worried about you; we're not worried about your neighbor?  That is worth a debate. That is worth a vote. What is holding this up? It is a decision by some that, before we take this issue under consideration, there has to be an agreement to limit the number of amendments. The Democratic leadership is prepared to limit those amendments. Let's bring it down to a 5-day debate or a 6-day debate. Let's go at it, and go at it seriously.  Yet, I think the underlying reason for the delay is something more serious. There is an old friend of mine and former boss, State Senator Cecil Partee of Chicago, IL, who used to say: In politics, for every decision there is a good reason and a real reason. Well, the good reason is the time of the Senate. The real reason is that many Senators on the other side of the aisle don't want to be forced to vote on some of these tough questions. The insurance companies tell them to vote one way, and they know that when they go back home they cannot explain that vote. That, to me, is the bottom line.  I mentioned the other day in debate a former Congressman, now passed away, a great friend of mine, Mike Synar, who was a Congressman from Oklahoma. He said: If you don't want to fight fires, don't be a fireman. If you don't want to vote on tough issues, don't be a Member of Congress.  These are tough issues, but they are important issues. The American people deserve our best judgment in bringing this debate forward in a Patients' Bill of Rights, to bring it to the floor of the Senate.  Do you remember the debate on gun control? A lot of phony amendments were considered for a week. Finally, they were rejected and a real bill was passed. It is important to do the same thing with the Patients' Bill of Rights.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allard). The Senator's time has expired.  