President, I was prepared at this time to offer an amendment, but I will not be offering an amendment because Senator Cochran, Senator Kohl, and myself have worked out an agreement on an amendment which will ultimately be part of the bill, and I will leave it to the chairman of the subcommittee to decide the best course to bring it into the bill. I am happy we have been able to work this out because I think it is a critically important issue and to which I want to take a few minutes to alert the membership.  I happened to read a few months ago an article in Forbes magazine which was an eye opener. It really disturbed me, and I asked my staff to take a look at it a little more closely. The article is entitled ``Blood Money.'' It documented that many medical devices that were approved and manufactured for a single use had been cleaned and reused on patients without any demonstration to the Food and Drug Administration that the devices are, in fact, safe and fully functional after this reprocessing.  When I tell you these devices, it may give you some pause to consider the types of things that have been manufactured and labeled for a single use and are being reprocessed and used over and over again. Here are some of the most commonly recycled disposables: electrophysiology catheters for heart catheterizations; sequential compression devices; biopsy forceps; pulse--this is where my liberal arts education will fail me--oximeter sensors; laparoscopic instruments. Think of all the laparoscopic procedures going on now. One of the things we find is that many of the instruments that are being used have been labeled single use and are being so-called cleaned and reprocessed and used again.  Continuing with some of the most commonly recycled disposables--drills, bits, blades, catheters, and many other things.  At least a third of the hospitals ignore the manufacturer's warnings and recycle these so-called disposable products for their patients without telling their patients.  As you can see, we are not talking about bedpans here. We are talking about highly invasive and high-risk devices, devices that come in contact with the patient's blood or other bodily fluids. This reuse is happening without the knowledge of patients and without a requirement that the devices be shown to still be safe and effective after reprocessing.  Here in the United States we have a Food and Drug Administration which oversees the safety of drugs, medical devices, biologics, foods, and cosmetics. Let me say that I am one of the biggest fans in Washington of the Food and Drug Administration.  Dr. Jane Henney, who is now the head of that agency, is an extraordinarily talented person. Though she and I have had some debates on various issues, I am grateful that she has left the private practice of medicine to give these years of public service to the Food and Drug Administration because this FDA literally inspects and approves devices, instruments, prescription drugs--all sorts of things--that we take for granted in our everyday life.  FDA approval is considered the gold standard all around the world. Yet that gold standard is only being applied to devices when they first come on the market. The FDA takes a look at these various devices as they are being sold to determine whether or not they are safe and effective, as they should. With that approval, they are sold to hospitals around America.  But when it comes to the issue of reprocessing this disposable device, which is used a second, third, or fourth time, I am afraid the FDA has not been as effective as they should be. The Los Angeles Times ran an article 2 days ago reporting a bacterial outbreak in a Colorado hospital due to contaminated reused cardiac catheters. One of the patients involved died because of that outbreak.  This chart makes reference to the Federal MEDWATCH program which is an effort to get a report from any hospital if it shows that a device has resulted in some problem. One of the adverse event reports that was reported to FDA's MEDWATCH shows that the tip of a catheter that had been reused six times broke and lodged in a 32-year-old man's right atrium--if you recall from biology, that is inside the heart--where it is still lodged today.  The Los Angeles Times article also talks about another incident where a 4-inch-long tip traveled from a patient's heart to his stomach, leading to additional surgery in which the doctors opened the man's stomach in an attempt to remove it.  I find this shocking. You or I could be admitted to a hospital tomorrow, and without our knowledge we could be exposed to a device of completely unknown standard.  I have here some charts that depict some reused devices that were retrieved from hospitals in exchange for new devices. They show that many of the devices had either remaining blood or tissue on them or were damaged, so they could not have met the standards FDA had for original manufacturers.  This is an example of a cutting device. It shows, unfortunately, that it was still contaminated when it was removed from the hospital.  There are other photographs as well, each one raising a question as to whether or not these devices, when used, were sufficiently cleaned or up to the job that they were called to do. We have several other photographs. I think they all demonstrate that.  The amendment which I have offered, and which has been accepted by both the majority and minority, is supported by various consumer groups--Public Citizen, the Consumer Federation of America, and the Consumers Union--and patient groups such as AIDS Action, the Alzheimer's Association, the National Organization for Rare Diseases, the National Women's Health Network, and by health professionals, such as the American Nurses Association, that say we should reserve a very small amount of FDA's medical device money--in this case $1 million --out of the $154 million allocated for medical and radiological devices to provide oversight for these reused medical devices.  One has to wonder why we spend any money on device safety if the device only has to be safe when it is used initially. In the case of the catheter that is now lodged in a patient's heart, it was reused six times. This was supposed to have been used once.  When you go in for heart surgery or these diagnostic treatments, it never crosses your mind to ask the doctor: Incidentally, will all the devices you are going to use in the course of my treatmment be used for the first time only? Has someone else used this catheter before? Has it been reprocessed? Is it being reused?  That never dawns on the patient, but in fact we find a third of the hospitals are reusing these devices. That is why I think this amendment is so necessary.  I think we can do a lot better. In fact, I believe we can go a lot further than my amendment goes. I will be introducing a bill shortly that will completely overhaul this system to provide patients with assurance that all medical devices used on them are of a high standard and that we can accurately track injuries and infections due to reprocessed devices.  My amendment attempts to take a small step to encourage the FDA to provide necessary oversight of reprocessed devices. America uses the FDA to make sure that products, including medical devices, are safe. It does not make sense to have safety equipment for devices when they are brand new but to turn a blind eye thereafter. All medical devices should be required to be safe.  I might add, in closing, that at a recent hearing before the Governmental Affairs Committee, I asked Dr. Henney about the efforts being made by the Food and Drug Administration to deal with this problem. She referred me to Dr. Jacobson. Dr. Jacobson is currently the acting director of the Center for Devices. He acknowledged my question about reusing medical devices was a difficult one. He also acknowledged that the FDA is in the process of establishing standards and procedures tomake sure that these reused devices are safe. I am heartened that, when brought to his attention, the FDA was responsive. Frankly, I think we need a lot more. That is the purpose of this amendment.  I thank the Chair for the time. I also extend my thanks to Senator Cochran of Mississippi and Senator Kohl of Wisconsin for agreeing to this amendment which will be made part of the bill, so that $1 million in the Food and Drug Administration is going to be directed toward the efforts to clean up the reuse of these medical devices.  I yield the floor.  