President, during the course of our debate on the floor of the Senate today, we have considered a myriad of important amendments to a very important trade bill. The attention of Senators on both sides of the aisle was focused on the floor, of course, but it was also focused on our Cloakrooms, the rooms that are a few feet away from me. Again, on television, every time we walked in the Cloakroom, we looked up to see another all-news channel with pictures that were incredible. Of course, the footage today comes from the city of Seattle, WA. Seattle, WA, has become another battlefront in America's endless gun war. Seattle, WA, erupted in violence today.  As I stand here now, I don't know if they have been able to apprehend the terrorist who was involved in this. They were searching for him. The latest news suggests that two people are dead and two are critically wounded. I know some eight or nine schools have been locked down with children inside in the surrounding neighborhood, for fear they might become victims of senseless gun violence as well.  One of my colleagues in the Senate, Patty Murray, lives in Seattle, WA, just a few blocks away from the scene. She has been on the phone all day calling her son, a grown man who is working at a business nearby, to make certain he was safe. Her plea to her son to take care, I am sure, has been repeated over and over thousands of times by the residents in Seattle who are worried about their loved ones who might be in the path of another gun terrorist.  This surreal scene that seems to be unfolding in Seattle as we watch the television screen shows SWAT teams going through the neighborhoods of that lovely city with bulletproof shields, trying to find this gun terrorist, schools locked down, people staying behind closed doors for fear if they walk out in the street, they will literally be killed, as two already have been.  This is what happened today in the State of Washington. But America's families should also know what did not happen today in the city of Washington--Washington, DC. What did not happen today was a meeting between House and Senate conferees to finish work on a commonsense gun control bill to try to keep guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them--kids, criminals, people with a history of violent mental illness.  The Nation was shocked and the Senate was shocked a few months ago with the Columbine killings--shocked into finally doing something. We passed a bill by one vote, the tie-breaking vote being that of Vice President Al Gore, who came to this floor and voted for the bill which provided, very modestly, that before a person can buy a gun at a gun show, we have the right to know whether they have ever been convicted of a violent crime or whether they have a history of violent mental illness.  Is it a radical idea to try to keep guns out of the hands of kids, criminals, and those who are unstable? Most American families don't find that radical. I am glad we passed that bill. We sent it over a few hundred feet away to the House of Representatives so that, in our bicameral Government, they could do their part of the job.  Well, in the ensuing time between it leaving the Senate and arriving in the House, the people with the gun lobbies in Washington got very busy. They lined up enough votes to literally stall and kill that bill. So we have the only attempt in this congressional session for sensible gun control being stopped in its tracks by the gun lobby on Capitol Hill. Yet day after frightening day, another city across the United States of America is subjected to senseless gun violence.  Today, it was Seattle. Yesterday, it was Honolulu, HI, where a man walked into the company where he once worked and killed seven people with a handgun, a man who had a history of psychological problems. When they finally apprehended him and searched his home, they found some 18 different weapons, semiautomatic weapons, shotguns, and handguns--a small arsenal in the hands of a person who was turned down when he attempted to get a firearm owner's permit in 1994.  That was Honolulu yesterday; Seattle today, two more victims.  I need not tell you that nothing happened on Capitol Hill yesterday to deal with gun violence, and nothing happened today as this senseless violence unfolds in Seattle. You have to ask yourself whether the men and women elected to the Senate and to the House of Representatives can walk blindly by the television screens and ignore this endless war of gun violence in America that unfolds every day.  Have we become so oblivious to the pain that is being visited upon America by the proliferation of guns in the hands of those who shouldn't have them? You would have to draw the conclusion that the gun lobby has blinded this Congress to the reality of gun violence in America.  Sadly, what happened in Honolulu yesterday and is happening in Seattle even as we speak is repeated day in and day out across America. We lose 13 children every single day in America, as many children as were killed in Columbine we lose every day in gun violence.  Have we become so callous we can't even feel this any longer, that we don't understand what is happening to our country, this great and noble Nation which has allowed itself to disintegrate into areas of violence that, frankly, people around the world can't even understand? How can this Nation that has so much to say for itself stand by and do literally nothing when it comes to this gun violence?  This Congress has been at its worst when it comes to responding to this national crisis--at its worst. This Congress has been a captive of the gun lobby, unable and unwilling to promote even the most basic and modest provision in the law to protect families across America. We stand idly by.  Some even argue, well, the answer is to give everyone in America a gun. What a solution that would be, the so-called ``concealed carry law.'' So that no matter what restaurant you walk into, what high school basketball game you attend, what mall you stroll through, never knowing if that little argument in the corner is going to erupt into gunfire because people are packing guns right and left. What an answer. That is no answer whatsoever. America's families know it.  Let me tell you something else that recently happened. Senator Boxer of California put a provision in an appropriations bill which said as follows: No licensed gun dealer in the United States can sell a gun to a person they know to be intoxicated. They accepted the amendment on the floor. As soon as it got to conference, the gun lobby took it out. Think about that. They would even want us to allow gun dealers to sell guns to intoxicated people. How irresponsible can you be?  When I tried to put in an amendment that held gun owners who are licensed legally responsible for the safe storage of their own guns away from children--beaten back by the gun lobby, unacceptable. Many States have put that standard in the law. But in Washington we wouldn't even consider it as we see day after weary day children finding the gun cabinet, reaching in, getting a handgun, killing themselves, or some innocent playmate whose family may not have even known there was a gun in the residence.  When we tried to put a provision in the law to say you can't buy more than one gun a month in the United States, unacceptable; one gun a month, unacceptable.  This fellow in Honolulu and others build up a personal arsenal and build up their own psychological problems to the point where they break and turn on innocent people.  I hope those who serve in Congress understand that we will be held accountable and should be held accountable. But I hope even more that families across America who are afraid of gun violence in their communities and who are fed up with what the gun lobby has done to this Congress will speak out. That is the only way this will change. You have to ask your candidate for Congress, the House Member or Senate: Where do you stand? Where are you going to be when it comes to sensible gun control? Will you stand up for the families of America or will you stand up for the gun lobby and the National Rifle Association? It is a very basic question. If it is not asked andanswered, the sad reality is that what happened today in Seattle and what happened yesterday in Honolulu could happen in anyone's hometown tomorrow.  We have been told by the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Henry Hyde, that it is not likely the conference will meet in the next few days on this gun control bill. That is a shame. We may leave this year doing absolutely nothing to make America's streets safer.  Frankly, this Congress, again, has put first things last. We have done some good things today; we are proud of them, I am sure. But tonight's news will not herald our accomplishments on the Senate floor. Tonight's news reports another tragedy in America, a tragedy in America which this Senate and this House of Representatives refuses to even acknowledge.  I yield the floor.  