President, many people who are watching the business of Capitol Hill are curious as to the current state of affairs. We are obviously past our deadline of October 1 for a new fiscal year. We were supposed to have passed all of the appropriations or spending bills by that time. Very few Congresses ever achieve that, and this Congress did not. But most Congresses reach a point in the late days of October where we at least know the end game, we know how it is going to end, and we are merely putting paperwork together.  Well, we are not quite there yet. In fact, we are in a situation where there is great doubt about how this session will come to an end, and it is a great irony that we would be questioning how it will end in light of all the circumstances that we face. This is an extraordinarily good time for America in terms of the state of our economy, its growth, the creation of jobs, keeping inflation under control, and giving businesses opportunities to start and expand. All of these things are good signs. In fact, we are generating enough money now in terms of revenues to the Federal Government that we have gone beyond the era of deficits and have now started talking about the era of surpluses.  It was a little over 2 years ago that we were fixated in this Chamber on passing a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. There were some Members of the Senate who had literally given up hope that the Senate could meet its own responsibility, and they insisted that a constitutional amendment be passed to give the Federal courts the authority to enforce the law and stop Congress from spending. That is how desperate many of these Members of the Senate were in terms of the deficit situation.  Well, things have changed dramatically; 2\1/2\ years later we now seem to be at an impasse over a surplus, not over a deficit. That amendment did not pass. It lost by one vote. I voted against it and would do it again. Now we are talking about surpluses and what to do with them.  The interesting thing about this debate, though, is we are not focusing on individual appropriations bills but really keep returning to a subject that has been around since 1935, because it was in 1935 that Franklin Roosevelt showed the vision and the political courage to create Social Security. In creating the Social Security system, he really said that we were going to do something dramatic to make sure our parents and grandparents could live in dignity when they reached retirement age. Some people, primarily from the other side of the aisle, called it socialism. They said, no, we aren't going to go along with ``New Deal'' politics creating these massive government programs. This same Republican voice washeard time and again for decades over the creation of Social Security; that it was a bad idea; it was socialism; it was too much government.  Yet the program endured. Thank goodness it did because it changed the lives of Americans for the better and gave us hope that in our senior years, in our years of retirement, we could be independent and live in dignity. Look at what we have today--so many healthy, vibrant seniors leading great lives, knowing they have a safety net called Social Security in which they have invested through all of their work experience. It is not enough to lead a luxurious life by far, but it certainly gives people that safety net, and they are glad they have it.  We are debating about what to do with Social Security as we end this session. It is a principal source of retirement income for two-thirds of the elderly. Listen to these statistics: In 1959, 40 years ago, the poverty rate for senior citizens was 35 percent, one out of three. In 1998, it was 10.5 percent, the lowest on record. Last year, Social Security benefits lifted roughly 15 million senior citizens out of poverty.  That is what it means. It means people who would not be able to make it can make it, at least barely make it, if they are relying on Social Security. It is more than just a retirement program because one out of five people who receive benefits under Social Security are either disabled, mentally or physically, or they are the survivors of those who paid into the system.  We on the Democratic side have for years advocated the protection of Social Security. In that debate I mentioned earlier about a balanced budget amendment, we offered an amendment on our side and said we did not want the budget to be balanced by using the Social Security trust fund. Well, we offered that amendment and only two Republican Senators voted for it. When we tried to protect the Social Security trust fund from being raided as part of that constitutional amendment, only two Republican Senators would join us and we were not successful.  Now we have this whole question about whether or not we are currently spending the Social Security trust fund. There have been ads run by political parties saying this fund should be held sacred and it should not be touched. Yet when we look at the record, the Congressional Budget Office tells us, as of a month ago the Republican appropriations bills already use $18 billion of the Social Security surplus. This estimate assumed appropriations bills already enacted or those in accordance with the then-current status in the House of Representatives. Since September 29, the use of the Social Security surplus has grown.  I think that is a challenge to some of the advertising being put on television by the other side of the aisle. The facts do not back them up. Republicans have talked about protecting Social Security, but, frankly, they have not. They have used $18 billion of the Social Security trust fund so far.  They do not want to talk about a program which a few months ago was their pride and joy, the so-called Republican tax cut; a $792 billion tax cut, the vast bulk of which went to the wealthiest people in this country. That tax cut idea went over like a lead balloon. People across America said: Why in the world do you want to talk about a tax cut when we have a national debt we should be concerned about, when we have the future of Social Security we should be concerned about, when we have Medicare we are concerned about? Why do you want to talk about a tax cut primarily for wealthy people?  If you remember the Republicans went out in August and said we are going to take our case to the people. They came back after the August recess and said: We are going to close the books on this case. The people aren't interested. We will talk about it next year.  The American people were interested enough to take a look at and reject this Republican tax cut, and it is a good thing they did for the sake of Social Security. Estimates suggest that some $83 billion would have had to come out of the Social Security trust fund to pay for the Republican tax cut package for wealthy people. That was not going to fly. The American people let the Republican leadership know that and they dropped their tax cut plan from their agenda and came back and said instead we are dedicated to protecting Social Security.  Let me tell you, the President has the right idea when it comes to the solvency of the Social Security trust fund. He wants to make sure we lock away that trust fund so it cannot be raided and so we can say to future generations: Social Security is not only solvent to the year 2032 or 2034, but beyond. I think he is on the right track.  The President's Social Security lockbox ensures another generation can receive benefits from this important program. It locks away interest savings for Social Security. It transfers interest savings to the Social Security trust fund. It extends the solvency of the Social Security system to the year 2050.  One other point that bears mentioning, we must address the needs of the future of Medicare. Time and again, the debate on this floor has ignored the Medicare Program. Medicare is the health insurance program for seniors and disabled that, frankly, needs attention at this moment more than any other program. It will be insolvent by the year 2015. Yet precious little is said or done in the debates on Capitol Hill to address the needs of the Medicare system.  The Medicare trust fund will go bankrupt in 2015. To make matters worse, the strains in the system will continue to increase as the baby boom generation retires, with the number of Medicare-eligible seniors expected to double to almost 80 million within a few decades. We have proposed, on the Democrat side, to lock away part of our surplus that we see coming in the years ahead to extend the life of Medicare for an additional 12 years. Not only would this extend the solvency of the system and the program, it would eliminate the need for future excessive cuts in medical care. Medicare is the critical other half of the equation that the Republicans continue to ignore.  Democrats are determined to make sure that, as Speaker Gingrich once said, Medicare does not ``wither on the vine.'' We want to make sure this system continues and survives.  I see my colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, on the floor. I will yield to him in morning business and close by saying, as we come to the end of this congressional session, families across America have the right and responsibility to hold this Congress accountable; to ask us the hard questions. What have we done under our stewardship to make life better in America during the course of this year?  Did we pass campaign finance reform to clean up the mess in our campaign election system? I am afraid the answer is no, we did not. It broke down on partisan lines. Even though we had 55 Republican and Democratic Senators who were determined to pass it, 45 Republican Senators opposed it and it died.  Did we pass Senator Kennedy's minimum wage increase so we go from $5.15 an hour to a more livable wage for the 350,000 people in Illinois who get up every morning and go to work for $5.15 an hour? The answer, sadly, is no, we did not pass an increase in the minimum wage.  What did we do for the people who are concerned about their managed care, their health insurance, when they want their doctors to make the decisions and not the insurance company bureaucrats; when they don't want to turn over a life-or-death decision to somebody at the end of a telephone line who may have a high school diploma and no knowledge of medicine? Did we do something to stand up for patients? Sadly, the answer is no. The special interests, the insurance industry, prevailed in this Chamber. They killed the good legislation we were trying to pass. Sadly, that means the American people have lost out.  What have we done for education, to reduce class size? When I visit a classroom in Wheaton, IL, with 16 kids in the first grade and the teacher says: Senator, this Federal program works. I can give special attention to these kids. If they are falling behind I can help them. If they are gifted, I can give them something extra to do. Keep the class size initiative on track.  What have we done? We are in a bitter fight now as to whether we will even continue that program.  Sadly, as you look at all the issues, whether it is sensible gun control in light of the violence in schools such asColumbine, or whether you look at minimum wage or campaign finance reform or the Patients' Bill of Rights, this Congress is going to go home emptyhanded. We have failed the American people. They should hold the leadership in this Congress accountable for coming here, drawing their paychecks, punching the clock for their pensions, and going home without addressing issues that American families care about.  So I hope in the closing days of this session we can salvage something for the time we have spent in Washington. I hope as we start the next session, the next round, the Republican leadership will finally listen to the people across America who want us to act in their interests, not for the special interests. Time and time again, families have lost and special interests have won and that is not what this Senate should be about.  I yield the floor.  