President, I come to the floor to offer an amendment on the bankruptcy bill, but in light of the statement that was just entered into the record by Senator Helms, in reference to my former colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun, I am constrained to respond.  Let me say at the outset, I fully support President Clinton's decision to nominate Senator Carol Moseley-Braun to continue to serve this Nation as our Ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa. I was happy to appear before the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee last Friday and to introduce her. I believe she received a fair hearing that day, and those of us who were there came away with the impression that, when her name is called to be appointed Ambassador, she will receive a strong bipartisan vote of the Senate. But I have to say some of the suggestions that have been made in the previous statement at least need to be cleared up for the record.  Running for the Senate subjects you to all sorts of inquiry and investigation, not only by your opponent, who will look at you in the harshest terms, but by the press and any other inquiring mind. Those of us who subject ourselves to that process understand it is going to be tough. Senator Carol Moseley-Braun has done that repeatedly throughout her career, running for offices at the legislative level, the county level, and twice as a statewide candidate in Illinois. Not surprisingly during that period of time there have been many charges that have been thrown at her. Many of those charges were just repeated today on the floor of the Senate. I might remind my colleagues in the Senate, they are just that. They are charges; they are not proven.  I might also say to my colleagues in the Senate, those who view this body as somehow a closed club that takes care of its own ought to take a look at what happened with this nomination, because what Senator Carol Moseley-Braun was subjected to during the course of this process is a standard which, frankly, may exceed a standard imposed on any other person who comes up for an ambassadorship to a post such as New Zealand. In other words, she was subjected to more rigorous examination and questioning than virtually any person off the street nominated by the President.  It may surprise some people to think a former United States Senator would go through that process, but I am happy to report, as the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee learned last Friday, after Senator Carol Moseley-Braun went through an extensive background check at the request of the White House, after her campaign records were reviewed in detail, after all the charges put in the Record on this floor were investigated, after the Internal Revenue Service and Department of Justice and FBI were called in and asked point blank if she was guilty of wrongdoing, they all concluded there was no proof of wrongdoing, and they recommended her name to the President, who then submitted it to the Senate.  Now we are in a position where many of those same charges, with no basis in fact, have been repeated again on the Senate floor. That is truly unfortunate. Let me address two of them. No. 1, as a Senator serving in this body, she visited Nigeria and a leader there of whom the United States did not approve.  I will have to tell you I did not approve of that leader either, but no one has ever questioned the right of any Senator or any Member of the House to decide to take foreign travel and visit a foreign leader without the approval of the State Department. I think, frankly, that is all well and good. When the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Senator Helms, chose to visit General Pinochet in Chile, that was his right. Many people in the United States might question it, but I do not question his decision to do that. That is something for him to defend to the voters of North Carolina.  When my Governor in the State of Illinois decided 2 weeks ago to visit with the dictator leader in Cuba, Fidel Castro, again it was his right. In fact, I supported his visit. I thought it was important.  So to bring up this red herring of a visit to Nigeria while she served in the Senate is to hold Carol Moseley-Braun to a different standard than we hold our own colleagues and other leaders across the Nation. I don't think that is fair.  Second, on the talk about campaign finances and whether she misspent them, the record of the committee tells the story. When an auditor came from the FEC and looked at detailed records from the Carol Moseley-Braun campaign in 1992 and went through the $8 million in expenditures in that campaign, they were able to identify $311 unaccounted for.  Mr. President, I make a great effort to try to have a full accounting, as required by law. I am sure every Senator does. But $311 out of $8 million? To make of that some sort of a disgrace or scandal is to exaggerate it beyond recognition. Those are the charges flung again at Senator Carol Moseley-Braun on the Senate floor.  That is a sad occurrence and one which I wish had not occurred. Frankly, I hope the Members of the Senate, before we adjourn today, have a chance to vote on giving our colleague a chance to serve because we are not only sending an able representative to represent the United States with one of our great allies, New Zealand, we are sending to New Zealand evidence the American dream is still alive becauseCarol Moseley-Braun--and I will readily concede she is not only my former colleague but my friend--and her public life are a testament to what America stands for. Born in a segregated hospital facility in Chicago, her mother, a medical technician in the same place, her father a Chicago policeman, she worked her way through college to not only earn a degree but earn a law degree from the University of Chicago, to serve for 5 years as an assistant U.S. attorney and prosecutor, to become the first African American woman to ever serve as a member of the leadership in the Illinois General Assembly, to become the first African American woman ever elected countywide in Cook County, and the first African American woman in this century to be elected to the Senate.  Time and time again, every step of her life has crushed down another barrier so that those who follow her will have a better opportunity.  Now she joins some four other African American women who serve as our Ambassadors should the Senate decide to give her that chance. As she journeys to New Zealand--and I hope she will soon--she will bring with her not only a wealth of public service but a story about how the American dream can be realized if you believe in yourself and if you believe that equality is more than just a word--it is a principle which guides this great country.  I stand in strong support of Carol Moseley-Braun. I believe she will be an excellent Ambassador, and I believe the vote that comes out of this Chamber will be strong and bipartisan and put to rest, once and for all, many of the charges and rumors which have been swirling around her nomination over the past several weeks.  Mr. President, I yield the floor to my colleague, the Senator from New York.  