President, during the course of this week, we will debate in this Chamber one of the most important issues in terms of the future of our economy.  Most of us can remember it was not that many years ago that the Federal budget was swimming in red ink. My Republican colleagues came to the floor of this Senate 2 years ago begging for the passage of a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. They were so distraught and despondent over deficits that they said the only way to bring this House into order was for us to have the Federal courts impose their will on Congress: The Federal courts must stop Congress from spending. The so-called balanced budget amendment failed by one vote. There were great tears shed on the floor of the Senate by Republican Members and even a few on the Democratic side that we had missed the opportunity to end the era of deficits.  Barely 24 months later and how this world has changed. We are now in the world of surpluses, or at least anticipated surpluses. President Clinton's deficit reduction plan of 1993 accounts for about 80 percent of this deficit reduction and surplus creation, and the other part came from bipartisan agreements since that time.  My Republican colleagues have shifted from this debate about amending the Constitution, saying we are so awash with money in Washington that we have surpluses to be given back topeople in the form of tax breaks, primarily for the wealthiest of Americans.  Many on the Democratic side take a more conservative view. It is hard, I am sure, for our Republican friends to stomach this, but we are the conservative party when it comes to fiscal issues because we believe if there is to be a surplus, it should be dedicated first to making certain Social Security is strong for decades to come; second, to make certain Medicare receives an infusion of capital so we don't see an increase in premiums or a reduction in services; and third and most important, buy down the national debt.  We can speculate for hours on end on the floor of the Senate about the state of America and its economy. However, certain things are obvious. We have more than $5 trillion in national debt that costs $1 billion a day in interest. We have a Social Security system that needs money. We have a Medicare system that does, as well. We should take care of those three items before we go off on some lark of spending $1 trillion in tax breaks for wealthy people.  One might expect to hear that from a Democratic Senator and expect to hear the opposite from a Republican Senator because that is the nature of this debate. I appeal to the American people to step back for a second and look for a credible, objective arbiter. Let me make a suggestion: Alan Greenspan, Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, who is credited as much as the Clinton administration with bringing about the economic prosperity that has brought down inflation, increased employment, increased the number of new businesses, increased housing. What does Alan Greenspan say about the $1 trillion tax cut? He says it is not wise, not good policy. He said there may be a time in a recession when a tax cut makes sense but to put this tax break for wealthy people on the books now is to fuel an economy too much, to create inflationary pressure.  What would be the response of the Federal Reserve Board? Obviously, raise interest rates. What happens when interest rates are raised? The cost of a mortgage payment goes up for people who have an adjustable rate mortgage. People who have equities in mutual funds for retirement find those equity values falling as interest rates go up. Chairman Alan Greenspan, the objective arbiter, says to the Republicans: Please, stop; don't do this. You are overreacting to what we hope is the good news of a surplus.  That is the critical difference.  We know the Republican tax breaks are primarily geared for wealthy people. We know after 5 years, the Republicans have to dip into the Social Security trust fund to pay for their tax breaks. We know they provide no money whatsoever for Medicare. We know that if we follow their scenario we will be forced on the floor of the Senate and the House of Representatives to make dramatic cuts in education, in environmental protection, in the basics that Americans expect from our Federal Government.  It is a recipe for economic disaster and a recipe for fiscal irresponsibility.  