KENNEDY. If I could just mention one other point, the Senator talked about what we wanted to do last year with regard to the Patients' Bill of Rights.  I have in my hand the majority leader's unanimous consent request. Here it is. This is an offer from last June 18, a little over a year ago, when we were trying to bring this legislation up.       I ask unanimous consent that prior to the August recess . .      .  Isn't that interesting? June of last year; they are saying ``prior to the August recess.''       . . . the majority leader after notifying the minority      leader shall turn to the consideration of the bill to be      introduced by the majority leader . . .  It doesn't tell us what that is going to be.       . . . or his designee regarding health care. I further ask      that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.  And following the report by the clerk that Senator Daschle be recognized to offer as a substitute the text of S. 1891, which really wasn't the all-inclusive legislation, the majority leader is trying to tell the Democratic leader which bill he ought to put in.       I further ask that during the consideration of the health      care legislation it be in order for Members to offer health      care amendments in the first and second degree. I further ask      consent that the Chair not enter a motion to adjourn or      recess for the August recess prior to a vote or in relation      to the majority leader's bill and the minority leader's      amendment, and following those votes it be in order for the      majority leader return to the legislation to the calendar.  To the calendar--not send it over to the House of Representatives--to the calendar.  Let's be clear about who is serious about bringing this up. Here is their consent request. They are going to return it to the calendar. Even if we win the vote, under their proposal, that could be the end of it.  Then it says:       Finally, I ask consent that it not be in order to offer any      legislation, motion, or amendment relative to health care      prior to the initiation of this agreement and following the      execution of the agreement.  Therefore, you can't offer a health care measure for the rest of the Congress.  If the Senator from Vermont can say with a straight face that it is the Democrats who are trying to lock this thing up when the Senator has his own leader making a proposal like this, he is defying any kind of rational understanding of what a unanimous consent rule is.  