President, it is, indeed, fitting that Senate Resolution 23 in this 106th Congress be dedicated to a man who immortalized the No. 23 as a player for the Chicago Bulls.  I rise today to pay tribute to a man who is a true legend both on and off the hardwood. Michael Jordan may have retired last week from the Chicago Bulls and professional basketball, but he is anything but retired. He may well be remembered as the greatest basketball player of all time, but as long as boys and girls and men and women play this uniquely American game, they can also remember a great legacy beyond sports. We all owe Michael Jordan a special tribute, not only for his excellence at the game and his practiced skills on the basketball court but as a decent human being. Michael Jordan is an outstanding citizen of his community, the city of Chicago, the State of Illinois, his native North Carolina, but also of America and the world.  It is often asked in many polls across the Earth: Who is the most popular man, the most well-known man? And it seems, now that the results are in--and not surprising--it is a basketball player from Chicago, No. 23, Michael Jordan.  Those who have not traveled around the world may find that hard to believe, but my own limited personal experience can tell you it is the case. I can recall in the streets of Shanghai, in China, when my wife and I were walking along and saw a little boy with a Chicago Bulls baseball cap on, and we went up to this little boy, who did not speak English, and I leaned over to him --he was about 9 years old--and I said, ``Michael Jordan,'' he looked back at me and he said, ``Scottie `Peepin'.''  A friend of mine was traveling on the Trans-Siberian Railroad across Mongolia. He was seated there for a while, and two native Mongolians came in and sat down, and after they had been on the train several hours, one of them looked at him and said, ``Michael Jordan.''  When I visited Portugal a few years ago, in the streets of Lisbon the kids were wearing Chicago Bulls gear and talking about Michael Jordan. In Budapest, in Hungary, at the little flea markets on the square you will find these nestling dolls--the wooden dolls that we traditionally associate with Russian culture--are now being made with Michael Jordan on the outside and the entire Chicago Bulls teams on the inside. Isn't it amazing that this one man has now become so well known and so popular around the world.  Well, he is a gifted man, gifted as few individuals have ever been, and more significantly, he has not squandered those gifts. He continues to contribute to our communities through his support for the James R. Jordan Boys and Girls Club, named after his father, the Jordan Institute for Families at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and the Ronald McDonald Houses of Greenville, Chapel Hill, Durham and Winston-Salem. For the families of seriously ill children who are being treated at nearby hospitals, Michael Jordan's charity makes a real difference.  To have seen him perform on a basketball court is to have witnessed a talent that has been fashioned out of years of dedication, planning, practice, conditioning, mental discipline, will and spirit. As the greatest individual basketball player, he leaves his sport as the supreme team player. Michael Jordan defined the 1990s. He gained eternal fame as the greatest leader and ultimate team player in a team sport: six NBA championships in 8 years. He was so magnificent he continued to top the statistical lists, yet made everyone around him better, as individuals and components of a team.  I can recall that when my son was in college and we went to our first Bulls game, you had the feeling, years ago, that at any moment in that game Michael Jordan would take control; no matter what the score was, he would be in control. The Bulls won their first NBA title in 1991, added two more in a row before Michael Jordan's premature retirement to follow another dream.  He tried baseball but returned 2 years later. I was at his first comeback game. He was still good, but rusty, and a lot of men might have been discouraged by that and decide to walk away. He did not. He rededicated himself to his skills, honed them, developed a new fade-away shot, and led the NBA in statistics as well as MVP, taking the Bulls to the championship again. Defying conventional wisdom, Jordan and the Bulls picked up where they left off in 1993. With a new set of teammates, including the remarkable Scottie Pippen, whom we will miss in Chicago, a rejuvenated Jordan played the best basketball of his life, and the Bulls registered the best league record in history with 72 regular season games and a world championship in 1996. They added another title in 1997, and completed the double three-peat last June, 1998--six titles in 8 years in two clusters of three. The unifying link? Michael Jordan.  Time was running out and the Bulls were trailing the Utah Jazz by a point when Jordan stole the ball from Karl Malone, dribbled up court, and with everyone in the world knowing what he was going to do, answered with a perfect swish--all net--on the last shot of the last game of his career to win the Bulls' sixth NBA title. Jordan was named the most valuable player in the playoffs again. In all six Bulls' championships the most valuable player each time was Michael Jordan. He has done his work well, always with dignity, always with class, and always with dedication.  He takes care of his own family. He has now said that he is going to dedicate his life to carpooling--I have to see that. He has dedicated himself to his teammates and friends and to the communities that he lives in.  Mr. President, on behalf of the citizens of my home State of Illinois and on behalf of my colleague in the U.S. Senate, Senator Peter Fitzgerald--who truly makes this a bipartisan effort--and for fans throughout America and the world, I am proud to offer S. Res. 23, honoring Michael Jordan for his incredible accomplishments both on and off the court.  