President, those who are trying to follow what is happening on Capitol Hill at this moment in time should be aware of some of the basics. Our calendar year for budget purposes ended on October 1. We started a new year. So, ``happy new year'' to all who are following this debate. Unfortunately, we do not have our spending bills passed.  In fairness, neither Democrats nor Republicans have a very good record of passing these bills on time. But I think most people would concede, we are at a moment in time in the history of this institution where we have never faced such chaos as we do today. There does not seem to be any exit strategy. People are getting too comfortable here. Instead of thinking about ending this session in a responsible way and going home, we are still jousting back and forth politically, and that is sad.  What is even sadder is the situation in which we find ourselves today. After all the time we spent on the budget and after all the suggestions about how to resolve it, we do not have anything near a dialog between the President and the leaders on Capitol Hill. Some say they do not want the President to come up to Capitol Hill because that may not be a good environment for the debate. Some say the Republican leaders are afraid to go to the White House because they have had their pockets picked there in the past. I suggested we set up folding chairs on The Mall and let them meet there, let the whole world watch, and let's see if we can bring it to a conclusion.  I think the American people ought to pay attention to this debate because now what we hear from the Republicanside of the aisle is that in order to exit this place, they want to have an across-the-board cut in all the appropriations bills. That may sound eminently fair: Everybody suffers. But keep in mind, some suffer more than others. When you start cutting back in programs such as Head Start and you have the kinds of cuts we need to balance the budget, 43,000 children are taken out of this program where we try to get them ready for school. How many people do you want the cut at the Federal Bureau of Investigation? How many people do you want to cut from the border guards to stop drugs from coming into the United States?  These are legitimate questions, and spending committees make these decisions as they build their budget bills. Now, in a effort to get out of town, we hear from the Republican side of the aisle, ``Let's just have an across-the-board cut,'' and I think that is sad. We have had entirely too much gimmickry in this budget debate already. At one point in time, one of the Republican Senators suggested we should amend, not a bill but the calendar, not the legislative calendar but the real calendar; let's create a 13th month in a year. We were going to have a contest to see if we could come up with a name for it in an effort to at least have some bipartisan agreement. But after it did not pass the laugh test, it was dropped as an idea.  Then last week, the Republican leaders in the House said: We'll take the millions of Americans, working Americans, who get some tax relief called the earned-income tax credit, and let's just delay paying those people. That was a suggestion from the House Republican leaders. That did not even pass the George W. Bush compassionate conservative test. He announced to his party and America: Don't do that. You have to find a way out of this short of hurting people who are working for a living and struggling to get by.  It seems as if every week there is a new notion, the latest one being this across-the-board cut. Let's try to get to the bottom line here. You will hear us toss out CBO, OMB, on and on. We love to do that in Washington. The Congressional Budget Office comes up with some estimates on spending and the economy. The Office of Management and Budgeting does the same. Sometimes they agree; sometimes they don't. It is a calculated guess. But they both seem to agree at this point in time that we will be borrowing money from the Social Security trust fund in order to bring this to a conclusion. I don't want to see that happen. But it has happened for years and years and years, and this year we would borrow less than we usually do. I hope we do not have to borrow any, when it is all said and done.  President Clinton came to us and said: Here are some offsets. Here are some things you can do that will, in fact, provide the revenue we need for us to leave on time.  I think some of them were reasonable. Let me give you an idea. One of them suggested a 50-cents-a-pack tobacco tax. I know from serving in this body, my colleagues are not going to warm up to that idea. I support it. Yes, it is true, the Senator from Illinois just said he supports a tax increase on tobacco products, because when the price goes up, the kids stop buying them. When kids stop buying them, they start weaning themselves from an addiction that can ultimately lead to death and disease--50 cents a pack, $6 to $8 billion a year, money that can be spent for education, for health care, for priorities in this country. I think the President is on the right track.  So I sincerely hope, before we resort to cutting such things as education and FBI, border guards, military personnel--personnel staffing reductions--we ought to step back for a minute and see if there is not some common ground left here.  The most amazing thing about this across-the-board cut debate is that the ink is hardly dry on the Republican proposal that was offered, and then thrown off the table, to give America a $792 billion tax cut. You may remember it. It has only been a few weeks ago. We had so much money, we were awash in money, we were going to start giving it back in huge sums. Thank goodness the American people and many leaders in Washington said wait a minute, take another look at it.  