President, I would like to change the mood a little bit and wish all of my colleagues a happy new year. Here we are on October 1, a new fiscal year. I wish to say it is a pleasure to be in the Senate debating the spending bills for our Nation, and it is a pleasure to have the resolution brought by my friend, the Senator from Oklahoma.  I have to agree with the Senator from Iowa; it is hard for some people to keep a straight face when the Congressional Budget Office reported just 2 days ago that the Republican leadership in the House and Senate is already $18 billion into the Social Security trust fund, and we are considering a sense-of-the-Senate resolution that says, by all means, we are never going to touch the Social Security trust fund. I don't think we can pull that off with a straight face. I think the American people are going to see through that. I think they understand what is happening. They understand we have not met our new year's deadline of October 1 and passed our spending bills.  But very few Congresses ever do, in all fairness. What is different about this Congress is, here we are on October 1 and we don't have a clue how to finish. We don't have a dialog between the President and Congress to try to bring us to a reasonable, bipartisan conclusion. Instead, as my old friend, Congressman David Obey of Wisconsin, used to say: ``Too many people are posing for holy pictures here.'' They want to be known as the person who ``saved'' this or that.  I think the American people expect candor and honesty from us. Candor and honesty would tell us several things. First, if we are so desperate now that we want to do across-the-board cuts in spending, why in the world were we ever discussing a $792 billion tax cut? That was the Republican mantra a few weeks ago. We have so much money, we can give away $792 billion. Well, the American people wereskeptical and folks on this side of the aisle were also skeptical, and they dropped the idea. But now they come back and say we are in such dire straits that we have to pass this sense-of-the-Senate resolution to discipline ourselves, keep our hands off Social Security.  Some of the schemes the Republican leaders are coming up with to try to end this budget debate are, frankly, not only greeted with skepticism by Democrats, but even by fellow Republicans. Gov. George W. Bush of Texas, yesterday, took a look at the House Republicans' proposal to end this budget impasse, and this is what he said:       I don't think they [Congress] ought to balance their budget      on the backs of the poor. I am concerned for someone who is      moving from near poverty to middle class.  The nominal front runner for President of the Republican Party has tossed congressional Republicans overboard because of their extremism and their budget policy. What is it they want to do? They want to cut the earned-income tax credit--a credit that goes to 20 million low-income working Americans to help them get by. That is their idea. Some would argue that is painless. I don't think anyone among the 20 million families would. They understand that can hurt a family when they are trying to meet the basics.  The balanced budget amendment which is being debated on the floor--and the reason I came over--passed in 1997, established caps on spending and wanted to make some cuts in areas such as Medicare to save money to move forward a balanced budget. It was a sensible thing to do. I supported it. I did not believe that I was in any way voting for the Ten Commandments. I thought instead I was voting for a reasonable legislative attempt to bring this budget into balance.  But I will tell you that at this point in time I don't believe Senators on either side of the aisle can ignore what is happening across America when it comes to health care.  I support the legislation introduced by Senator Daschle this morning. I have my own bill, introduced a few days ago, which is very similar which tries to come to the rescue of many of these hospitals across America.  I am worried about the sense-of-the-Senate resolution that is pending now before the Senate because it suggests we can ignore problems such as this. And we certainly cannot.  As I travel across my State, I find hospitals are really in trouble, particularly teaching hospitals. In Illinois, we have about 66 teaching hospitals. These are hospitals where young men and women are learning to be the doctors of tomorrow. It is not the most cost-efficient thing to do at a teaching hospital. You have to take extra time to teach, and many insurance companies don't want to pay for that now that Medicare is not reimbursing adequately for it. Hospitals come to me--St. Francis Hospital in Peoria, St. Johns Hospital in Springfield, hospitals in Chicago, and all across the State--and say: If we are going to meet our teaching mission, we need help.  I think Senator Daschle is right. Before this Congress pats itself on the back and goes home, we need to address this very serious problem--this problem that could affect the quality of health care, the quality of future doctors, and not only teaching hospitals as educational institutions but also because they take on the toughest cases. These are the academic and research hospitals which try to institute new procedures to deal with disease and try to find ways to cure people in imaginative ways. We don't want to in any way quell their enthusiasm and idealism. Unfortunately, these Medicare cuts are going to do just that.  I might also add that these teaching hospitals in my State account for 59 percent of charity care. In other words, the poorest of the poor who have no health insurance, who are not covered by Medicaid, who may be working poor, for example, come into these hospitals. They are taken care of free of charge.  If the Senator from Oklahoma thinks we can just walk away from this, make a 1-percent cut and go home and accept that as the verdict of history, I think he is wrong. I think, frankly, whether you are in Texas, Oklahoma, Iowa, Nebraska, or Illinois, these hospitals are in trouble. Rural hospitals are in trouble, as well.  These hospitals have seen dramatic cutbacks in reimbursement. In my part of the world, these hospitals are a lifeline for farmers who are injured in their farming operations or in traffic accidents. These small hospitals keep people alive. If we turn our backs on them and say that because we are enmeshed in some theoretical budgetary debate we can ignore what is happening to these hospitals, we are making a serious mistake. Some of the hospitals may close, some will merge, some will be bought out, some may keep the sign on the door that you have seen for years, but what is going on inside the hospital is going to change. It is going to change for the worse instead of the better.  When we consider sense-of-the-Senate resolutions that try to strike some position of principle--and I respect the Senator from Oklahoma for his point of view--I say: Let's get down to the real world.  Let's be honest with the American people in the closing days of this budget debate. And I sincerely hope we are in the closing days of this debate. Let's tell them what is going on here.  We are no longer awash in red ink as we have been for 20 years. We are starting to move toward a surplus. The economy is strong. We feel good about that. We would borrow less from Social Security this year, if it is held to $5 billion, than probably any year in recent memory, and all of it will be paid back with the interest. We would use it to meet emergency needs of America--such as the farm crisis the Senators from Iowa and Nebraska have shown such leadership on--and we would be responsive to these crises at a time when what is at stake is, frankly, a major part of our economy and a major part of America.  Second, we would address the health care needs of this country. If we think we can go home and beat our chests about how pure we were in the budgetary process and don't lift a finger to help these hospitals that are struggling to survive, we will have made a very serious mistake.  I salute the Senator from Iowa and other colleagues, such as Senator Boxer of California and Senator Murray of Washington, who have tried to make sure this Labor-HHS bill does not lay off 29,000 teachers at the end of this school year. This bill would do it. The bill that some Republican Senators are so proud of would lay off 29,000 teachers across America because of cuts that are made in that bill and 1,200 teachers in my home State of Illinois.  Is that how we want to welcome the new century? Is that how we want to tell our kids we are going to greet a new generation, by laying off teachers and increasing class size? No.  There are important priorities for us to face. I sincerely hope before we get caught up in some theoretical debate, as Senator Harkin has said, about whether the horse is out of the barn, that we talk about whether or not we are going to protect Americans in their homes and protect them in their communities.  I support Senator Harkin's remarks. I support--maybe one of the few times--Gov. George W. Bush, who has reminded his congressional Republicans to keep their feet on the ground and to realize there are real people out there who, frankly, are going to be injured and damaged and their lives changed if congressional Republicans have their way in this budgetary process. Governor Bush is on the right track. We will stay tuned to see if he stays there.  I sincerely hope before we leave and before we think we have completed our responsibility that we will pass a budget we can explain to American families is in their best interests.  I yield the floor.  