President, the Senate, we hope today or perhaps tomorrow, will be bringing this session to a close. It has been a session which has involved some historic decisions by the Senate. Of course, it began with an impeachment trial of the President of the United States, which ended in a bipartisan decision of the Senate not to convict the President. Then, shortly thereafter, we faced a rather historic challenge in terms of our role in Kosovo. So we went from one extreme in the Constitution, involving an impeachment against the President, to the other extreme, where this Senate had to contemplate the possibility, the very real possibility, of war. That is how our session began, at such a high level with such great challenges.  There were so many other challenges that were presented to the Senate during the course of the year. I am sad to report that we addressed very few of them. Things that American families really care about we did not spend enough time on, we did not bring to a conclusion. So, as we return to our homes, States, and communities after this session is completed and we are confronted by those who are concerned about their daily lives and they ask us, What did you achieve during the course of this session? I am afraid there is very little to which to point.  This morning, I received some letters from my home State of Illinois from senior citizens concerned about the cost of prescription drugs, as well they should be, because not only are these costs skyrocketing, but we find gross disparities between the charges for prescription drugs in the United States and the cost of the very same drugs made by the same companies if they are sold in Canada or in Europe.  In fact, in the northern part of the United States, it is not uncommon for many senior citizens to get on a bus and go over the border to Canada to buy their prescription drugs at a deep discount from what they would pay in the United States. That is difficult for seniors to understand; it is difficult for Senators to understand as to why that same prescription drug should be so cheap if purchased overseas and so expensive for American citizens in a country where those pharmaceutical companies reside and do business.  The senior citizens have asked us, as well as their families who are concerned about the costs they bear, to do something. Yet this session comes to an end and nothing has been done--nothing has been done--either to address the spiraling cost of prescription drugs or to amend the Medicare program and to make prescription drugs part of the benefits.  Think about it: In the 1960s, under President Lyndon Johnson when Medicare was created, we did not include any provision for paying for prescription drugs. We considered it from a Federal point of view as if prescription drugs were something similar to cosmetic surgery, just an option that one might need or might not need, but certainly something that was not life-threatening.  Today, we know we were wrong. In many instances, because of the wide array of prescription drugs and the valuable things they can do for seniors, we find a lot of our senior citizens dependent on them to avoid hospitalizations and surgeries and to keep their lives at the highest possible quality level.  Last week, I went to East St. Louis, IL, the town where I was born, and St. Mary's Hospital and visited a clinic. I walked around and met groups of senior citizens and asked them how much they were paying for prescription drugs. The first couple took the prize: $1,000 a month came in from their Social Security; $750 a month went out for prescription drugs. Three-fourths of all the money they were bringing in from Social Security went right out the window to the pharmacy.  There was another lady with about $900 a month in Social Security; $400 a month paid in prescription drugs.  Another one, about $900 a month in Social Security; $300 a month in prescription drugs.  The last person we met, though, told another story. He was retired from a union job he worked at for many years, a tough job, a manual labor job, and he, too, had expensive prescription drugs, but he was fortunate. The union plan helped him to pay for them. Out of pocket, he puts down $5 to $15 a month and is happy to do it.  Think of the contrast between $750 a month and $15 a month. One can understand why people across America, seniors who want to continue to lead active and healthy lives, have turned to Congress and said: Please, learn from the President's lead in the State of the Union Address that we should have a prescription drug benefit.  This Senate--this Congress--will go home without even addressing that issue. That is sad. It is a reality facing American families. You will recall, as well as I, a few months ago we were all in shock over what happened at Columbine High School with the killing of those innocent students. This Senate made an effort to keep guns out of the hands of children and criminals with a very modest bill that said if you were going to buy a gun at a gun show, we want to know your background.  The bill passed. It was sent over to the House of Representatives. The gun lobby got its hands on it, and that was the end of it. End of discussion.  As we return home to face parents who say, what have you done to make America safer, to make communities, neighborhoods, and schools safer, the honest answer is nothing, nothing.  Take a look at campaign finance reform. Senator Feingold of Wisconsin is on the floor. He has been a leader on this issue with Senator McCain of Arizona. They had a bipartisan effort to clean up this mess of campaign funding in America. Yet when it came to a vote, we could muster 55 votes out of 100 favoring reform, which most people would say: You have a majority; why didn't you win?  Under Senate rules, it takes more than a majority. It takes 60 votes. We were five votes short. All of the Democratic Senators supported campaign finance reform, and 10 stalwarts on the Republican side came forward. Yet when it was all said and done, nothing was done. We will end this session never having addressed campaign finance reform, something so basic to the future of our democracy.  On a Patients' Bill of Rights, there is a term which a few years ago American families might not have been able to define. I think they understand it now. It was an effort on the floor of the Senate to say that families across America and individuals and businesses would get a fair shake from their health insurance companies; that life-and-death decisions would be made by doctors and nurses and medical professionals, not by clerks at insurance companies. It is that basic. Mr. President, you know as well as I, time and again, a good doctor making a diagnosis, who wants to go forward with a procedure, first has to get on the phone and ask for permission.  I can recall a time several years ago in a hospital in downstate Illinois where I accompanied a doctor on rounds for a day. I invite my colleagues to do that. It is an eye-opener to see what the life of a doctor is like, but also to understand how it has been changed because health insurance companies now rule the roost when it comes to making decisions about health care.  This poor doctor was trying to take care of his patients and do the right thing from a medical point of view, and he spent most of his time while I was with him on the phone with insurance companies. He would be at the nurses' station on a floor of St. John's Hospital in Springfield, IL, begging these insurance companies to allow him to keep a patient in the hospital over a weekend, a patient he was afraid might have some dangerous consequences if she went home before her surgery--her brain surgery--on Monday. Finally, the insurance company just flat out said: No, send her home.  He said: I cannot do that. In good conscience, she has to stay in the hospital, and I will accept the consequences.  That is what doctors face. Patients who go to these doctors expecting to get the straight answers about their medical condition and medical care find they are involved in a game involving health insurance companies and clerks with manuals and computers who decide their fate.  When we tried to debate that issue on the floor of the Senate, we lost. American families lost. The winners were the insurance companies. They came here, a powerful special interest, and they won the day. They had a majority of 100 Members of the Senate on their side, and American families lost.  Thank goodness that bill went to the other side of the Rotunda. The House of Representatives was a different story. Sixty-eight Republicans broke from the insurance lobby and voted with the Democrats for the Patients' Bill of Rights so that families across America would have a chance. But nothing came of it. That was the end of it. The debate in the House was the last thing said; no conference committee, no bill, no relief, no protection for families across America.  I will return to Illinois, and my colleagues to their States, unable to point to anything specific we have done to help families deal with this vexing problem.  The minimum wage debate is another one. Senator Kennedy, who sits to my right, has been a leader in trying to raise the minimum wage 50 cents a year for the next 2 years to a level of $6.15. He has been trying to do this for years. He has been stopped for years. We are literally talking about millions of Americans, primarily women, who go to work in minimum-wage jobs and try to survive. Many of them are the sole bread winners of their families. We will leave this session of the Congress--the Senate and the House will go home--and those men and women will get up and go to work on Monday morning still facing $5.15 an hour.  In a Congress which could come up with $792 billion for tax breaks for the wealthiest people in America, we cannot find 50 cents for the hardest working men and women, who get up every single day and go to work, as people who watch our children in day-care centers, as those who care for our parents and grandparents in nursing homes, as those people who make our beds when we stay in hotels, service our tables when we go to restaurants. They get up and go to work every single day. This Senate did not go to work to help those people. We could find tax breaks for wealthy people, but when it came to helping those who are largely voiceless in this political process, we did nothing. We will return home and face the reality of that decision.  If there is any positive thing that came of this session, it emerged in the last few days. Finally, after an impasse over the budget that went on for month after weary month, the Republican leadership sat down at the table with the President. The President insisted on priorities, and you have to say, by any measure, he prevailed. And thank goodness he did.  Let me tell you some of the things that are achieved in the budget we will vote for. It has its shortcomings--and I will point out a few of them--but it has several highlights.  The President's 100,000 COPS Program across America has had a dramatic impact in reducing violent crime and making America a safer place to live. There was opposition from Republican leadership to continue this program. But, finally, the President prevailed, and we will move forward to send more police and community policemen into our neighborhoods and schools across America to make them safer. That is something achieved by the President, in negotiation with congressional leaders at the 11th hour and the 59th minute.  In the area of education, the President has an initiative at the Federal level which makes sense from a parent's point of view. If we can keep theclass sizes in the first and second grade smaller--rather than larger--teachers have a better chance to connect with a child, to find out if this is a gifted child who has a bright future, or a child who needs some special help with a learning disability, or perhaps a slow learner who needs a little more tutorial assistance to get through the first and second grade.  You know what happens when those kids do not get that attention? They start feeling frustrated and falling behind, and the next thing you know, it is even a struggle to stay in school, let alone enjoy the experience and learn from it. The President has said: Let's take our Federal funds, limited as they are, and focus on an American initiative to make class sizes smaller in the first and second grade.  I went to Wheaton, IL, and I saw a class like this. Believe me, it works. Don't take my word for it. Ask the administrators at the school, who applied for it, and the teachers who benefit from it. And the parents are happy that it is there.  The Republican side of the aisle resisted the President's initiative. But thank goodness, in the closing minutes of the negotiations, the President prevailed. Common sense prevailed. And we will continue this initiative to reduce class size.  The way we are paying for some of these things is very suspect; I will be honest with you. We had this long debate during the course of the year about the future of the Social Security trust fund. Some on the Republican side said: We will never touch it. Well, historically we have touched it many times. The money, the excess and surplus in that fund that is not needed to pay Social Security recipients has been borrowed by President Reagan, President Bush, and President Clinton, with the understanding it would be paid back with interest.  Now that we have gotten beyond the deficit era in America, when we talk about surplus, we hope we do not have to borrow from it in the future. So this year, to avoid directly borrowing from the fund, Republicans argued that they have done some things that are fiscally responsible.  Let me give one illustration. This budget agreement contains $38 billion for education programs. That is 7 percent, $2.4 billion, more than last year. However, this increase is due to the fact that the agreement includes $6.2 billion more in advance appropriations than last year's bill.  What is an advance appropriation? You borrow from next year. You do not take your current revenue; you borrow from next year. So in order to provide more for education, we borrow from next year.  You might assume, then, we are going to have this huge surplus of money from which we continue to borrow. It is anybody's guess. We pass a bill, we appropriate the money, but we cannot account for its sources.  Let me tell you about Head Start.  This is a good story. Head Start is a program created by President Lyndon Johnson in the Great Society. There were people who were critics of the President's initiatives, but Head Start has survived because it is a great idea. We take kids from lower income and disadvantaged families, and bring them into a learning environment at a very early age, put them in something similar to a classroom, and give them a chance to start learning. And we involve their parents. That is the critical element in Head Start.  This budget is going to provide $5.3 billion--the amount requested by the President--to serve an additional 44,000 kids across America, and to stay on track to serve 1 million children by the year 2002.  Class size reduction, which I have mentioned to you, is one that is very important to all of us. Disadvantaged students--there is $8.7 billion for title I compensatory education programs. That is an increase of $274 million, but it is still short of what the President requested.  In special education there is good news. This budget will provide $6 billion, $912 million--or 18 percent--more than the fiscal year 1999 appropriations for special ed. In my home State of Illinois, school districts will receive $227 million, a 62-percent increase since 1997.  Keep in mind these school districts, because of a court decision and Federal legislation, now bring disabled children and kids with real problems into a learning atmosphere to give them a chance. But it is very labor intensive and very expensive. I am glad to see that this budget will provide more money to those school districts to help pay for those costs.  Afterschool programs: We provide $453 million, an increase of $253 million, to serve an additional 375,000 students in afterschool programs. How important are afterschool programs? Ask your local police department. Ask the families who leave their kids at the school door early in the morning, and perhaps do not return home from work until 6 or 7 o'clock at night. They have to be concerned about those kids, as anyone would be. And the people in the local police department will tell you, after school lets out, we often run into problems. So afterschool programs give kids something constructive to do after school. I am glad the Federal Government is taking some leadership in providing this.  In student aid, the agreement increases maximum Pell grant awards to college students by $175, from $3,125 to $3,300. Since President Clinton has taken office, we have seen the Pell grants increase by 43 percent.  This is an illustration of things that can be done when Congress works together. But we literally waited until the last minute to consider the education bill in the Senate. What is the highest priority for American families was the lowest priority of the Appropriations Committee. When we wait that long, we invite controversy and delay. Fortunately, it ended well. The President prevailed. These educational programs will be well funded.  Let me tell you of a bipartisan success story: The National Institutes of Health. That is one of the best parts of the bill that we are going to vote on. It receives a 15-percent increase over last year's funding level. The National Institutes of Health conducts medical research. Those of us who are in the Senate, those serving in the House, are visited every single year by parents with children who suffer from autism, juvenile diabetes, by people representing those who have Alzheimer's disease, cancer, heart disease, AIDS. And all of them come with a single, unified message: Please, focus more resources, more money on research, more money on the National Institutes of Health. We increase it this year some 15 percent.  Fortunately, one of the budget gimmicks which would have delayed giving the money to the National Institutes of Health until the last 48 hours of the fiscal year was changed dramatically. Because of that change, we do not believe there will be any disadvantage to this important agency.  I will give you an example of the life of a Senator and how this agency affects it. A few weeks ago, a family in Peoria, IL, who had a little boy named Eric with a life-threatening genetic disease called Pompe's disease, called my office. Their son's only chance to live was through a clinical trial; in other words, an experimental project at Duke University, which was being sponsored by a private company.  Unfortunately, there were not any additional slots available for Eric in this clinical trial. The company could only manufacture enough of the drug for three patients. Eric would have been the fourth. Eric was denied admission to the trial for this rare disease. Sadly, Eric passed away. Pompe's disease is rare. Children like Eric frequently rely on the Government and its sponsored research for cures because a cure for a rare disease is unlikely to be very profitable for a lot of the pharmaceutical companies. I am glad to salute Senator Specter, Republican of Pennsylvania; Senator Harkin, my Democratic colleague from Iowa; and my colleague from Illinois, Congressman John Porter, a Republican. They have made outstanding progress in increasing the money available for the National Institutes of Health in this bill.  There is money also available for community health centers. We have talked about a lot of things in this Congress, but we don't talk about the 42 million Americans--and that number is growing--who have no health insurance. Many of these Americans who are not poor enough to qualify for Medicaid and not fortunate enough to have a job with health insurance go to community health centers, trying to getthe basic health care which all of us expect for our families in this great Nation. These community health centers serve so many of these people, and they deserve our support. With a 30-year track record of providing quality service to America's most vulnerable, these community health centers need to have our support.  According to congressional testimony by the Health Resources Service Administration, which overseas health center programs, 45 percent of these health centers are at risk financially, 5 to 7 percent close to bankruptcy, and 5 to 10 percent in severe financial trouble. Between 60 and 70 health center delivery sites already have been forced to close their doors. Changes in the Medicaid program have cut the compensation for these centers. The Balanced Budget Act, which was good overall, made some cuts that really have resulted in deprivation of funds. An additional $100 million to community health centers would provide health care to another 350,000 Americans. It can open up 259 new clinics. This is something we should do.  Let me point to one thing I am particularly proud of in this bill. It is an initiative on asthma. I was shocked to learn of the prevalence of asthma in America today. I was stunned when I learned it is the No. 1 diagnosis of children who were admitted to emergency rooms across America. Asthma is the No. 1 reason for school absenteeism in America. When I asked my staff to research what we are doing to deal with asthma, I found that we did precious little. I started asking my colleagues in the Senate about their concerns over asthma and was surprised to find so many of them who either had asthma themselves or had a member of their family with asthma.  They joined in trying to find a new approach, a new initiative that would deal with this problem. Leading that effort was my colleague from the State of Ohio, Senator Mike DeWine. He and I put in an amendment, which was funded in this bill, to provide $10 million in funding to the Centers for Disease Control for childhood asthma programs.  What is asthma like? I have never suffered from it, thank God. But imagine this illustration: For the next 15 minutes, imagine breathing through a tiny straw the size of a coffee stir, never getting enough air. Now imagine suffering this three to six times a day. That is asthma.  There have been some innovative things that have been done. In Southern California, Dr. Jones, with the University of Southern California, has started a ``breathmobile'' moving around the areas and neighborhoods of highest incidence of asthma, identifying kids with the problem, making sure they receive the right treatment and that their parents and teachers know what to do. That is what we have to encourage. The $10 million Senator DeWine and I have put in this bill for this type of outreach program for asthma can have dramatic positive results.  There is one other thing I will mention. That is a program in which I became interested in 1992. I went to Detroit, MI, and saw an effort that was underway to provide residential treatment to addicted pregnant women. I thought it was such a good program, I asked the directors: Where do you get your Federal funds? They said: We don't qualify for Federal funds. I went back to Washington and put a demonstration project in place so that we could take addicted mothers across America out of their drug-infested neighborhoods, put them in a safe environment, and try to make certain that the babies they would bear would be free from drug addiction.  It was a demonstration project, and it worked--1,500 children in 1994 in America were born drug free because of this program which we started in 1992. We were about to lose it this year. Imagine, we know a drug-addicted baby is extremely expensive, let alone, perhaps, a waste of great potential in human life. I was able to work with Senators Specter and Harkin to put $5 million in the bill to expand our current efforts.  I say, in closing, there is one area of this bill I find particularly troubling. In a world which now has 6 billion people, in a world where we see the need for family planning and population control to avoid serious poverty, to avoid environmental disaster, and to avoid wars, the leadership in the House of Representatives and the Senate has turned a blind eye to international family planning. I cannot understand how this Republican Party--not all of them but many of them--can be so insensitive to the need for international family planning. Every year it is a battle. We have to understand that when population growth is out of control in underdeveloped countries, it is a threat to the stability not only of that country, of that region, but of the world and the United States.  We have to follow the lead of President Clinton and many in Congress who have said U.S. involvement in international family planning is absolutely essential. We hear arguments and see amendments offered because there are some who want to make this an abortion issue. The sad reality is that if a woman in a faraway land does not have the wherewithal to plan the size of her family and has an unintended pregnancy, it increases the likelihood of abortion. So family planning, when properly used, will reduce the likelihood of these unintended pregnancies. That is as night follows day, for those who care to even take a look at this policy issue.  I am sorry to report that although we are going to finally pay a major part of our U.N. dues, which has been an embarrassment to many of us for so many years while the Republican Congresses have refused to pay those dues, it was at the price of threatening international family planning programs. The Republican leadership in the House of Representatives insisted, if we are going to pay our U.N. dues, it has to be at the expense of international family planning programs. I think that is extremely shortsighted. I hope the next Congress will have a little more vision when it comes to family planning, when it comes to enacting a treaty, for example, a nuclear test ban treaty. The Senator from Nebraska, who is now presiding over the Senate, is working with Senator Lieberman from Connecticut in an effort to revive that effort as well.  I hope the next session of Congress will be more productive in that area and many others.  I yield the floor.  