 Mr. President, I am joining today in this discussion and debate on what is a critically important issue not just for the current challenge facing America in the Balkans but also, frankly, in terms of the history of Congress and this Nation.  I feel very strongly about that provision of the Constitution which gives to Congress, and Congress alone, the authority to declare war. It is, unfortunately, a power allotted to Congress which for the past 50 years has been largely ignored.  One day after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, President Franklin Roosevelt hobbled to the podium of the House of Representatives and gave his memorable speech referring to a day which would ``live in infamy.'' He then asked from a joint session of Congress for a declaration of war, first against Japan and then later against Germany and Italy.  That was literally the last time a President came before Congress and recognized the authority of Congress to declare war. Every subsequent President--Democrat and Republican alike--found an excuse not to come before Congress and to wage wars of varying magnitude.  It is curious, when you look back after World War II, at the debate on the formation of NATO and of the United Nations, how careful the Members of Congress from both political parties were to preserve the authority of Congress to declare war, to make certain that we would not delegate that authority to any international institution or any treaty organization. Time and time again during the course of that debate we were reminded that even as members of the United Nations, even as members of NATO, we were not ceding the power of Congress under the Constitution to declare war.  The steady decline of congressional involvement in the war-making process resulted, of course, in our participation in Korea, in Vietnam, in a dozen other military undertakings without the express approval of Congress.  Last year, I stood on the floor of this institution and asked my colleagues--Democrats and Republicans alike--to join me in reasserting the principle that Congress, and Congress alone, has the authority to declare war and to engage in any offensive military action. Yes, the President is Commander in Chief and defends American personnel, American territory, and does it without coming to Congress waiting for a quorum and a debate and a final vote before he acts. No one would ever demand that a President restrain that authority to defend this country or its people. But in the case of an offensive military action, one where we were not defending Americans, or our territory, or engaged in some peacekeeping permissive activity, I felt the Constitution was clear. I offered that amendment to the defense appropriations bill last year.  For those who are keeping score at home, they might be interested to know that 15 of the 100 Senators voted in favor of my resolution, and 84 in opposition.  It will be interesting to take the debate on this resolution and the statements made by so many of my colleagues and put them next to that vote and ask them if there has been a change of heart. I think to some extent there has been. I think it is unfortunate that we are considering this particular resolution and that we will have little chance to amend it.  I strongly agree with my colleagues who drafted the resolution that Congress must vote to authorize any escalation of this conflict to include ground troops. I filed an amendment that would prohibit the use of ground troops to invade Yugoslavia unless specifically authorized by Congress. The President said he doesn't intend to use ground troops. He has promised in a letter to congressional leaders that he will ask for a vote of Congress before introducing United States ground forces into Kosovo in a nonpermissive environment.  I think the President must come to Congress before committing us to any ground war. I think it would better for us to vote on that specifically. But I understand that a motion to table Senate Joint Resolution 20 will be made and that it is not likely that I will be able to offer this amendment.  I did vote for Senate Concurrent Resolution 21 on March 23 that supported airstrikes against Yugoslavia. It passed by a vote of 58 to 41. I commend the President and this administration for giving the Senate at least an opportunity to vote before any action was taken. That is a concession that has rarely been made by any President. Most Presidents moved forward as if the Constitution did not exist in terms of congressional authority.  I support the President and NATO's policy. I think we need to have patience and resolve to see the air campaign through. Many have questioned the strategy of conducting an air campaign without committing ground troops.  This is an important debate. But I believe we had no choice but to start the bombing campaign in an attempt to respond to ethnic cleansing, the genocide in Kosovo. We could not stand idly by and watch it happen.  I have listened to the speeches on the floor from some of my colleagues who take exception to the premise that the United States should even be involved in this conflict. I do not agree with that. Frankly, having been there, having seen literally thousands of people in a refugee camp in Brazda in Macedonia, it is clear to me what is going on. The policies of Milosevic in Yugoslavia are directed toward innocent people.  Time and time again I asked these innocent Kosovars why they left Kosovo--an open-ended question. Time and time again the response was exactly the same. In the middle of the night a knock on the door, people in black ski masks, or otherwise concealed identity, gave them literally minutes to leave: Pick up your babies, pick up your grandparents and whatever you can hold, and leave, because we are going to burn down or blow up your home. If they were lucky, they got out. They got out with a family intact. But many were not so fortunate. They were victims of ethnic cleansing--not just displacement but murder. So many times over and over we hear these stories of murder, of genocide against people, not because they havedone anything wrong but because they are of the wrong ethnic persuasion, the wrong culture, the wrong religious belief.  I am not sure what the word ``genocide'' means technically. But what I have seen is the closest I may come to it in my lifetime in that refugee camp in Macedonia--victims of murder, rape, displacement, genocide, suffering. These are the people forced out of Kosovo.  Some of my colleagues will come to the floor and say that is none of our business, we can't be the policeman to the world; the United States has limited capability, limited responsibility. That is a point of view that I would disagree with but I understand. We certainly cannot police the world. But the fact is, we are part of a NATO alliance which is being tested in terms of its existence and its future. If NATO does not come forward at this moment in time unified and determined to rid Milosevic of his killing fields in Kosovo, the NATO alliance is all but moribund and dead and pointless.  For the 20th century, we have invested so much in American treasures, in American lives to preserve Europe: World War I, World War II, and the cold war--thousands and thousands of Americans fighting and dying for the stability and safety and security of Europe.  Now in the closing moments of this century are we to walk away from this corner of the world which has been so important in our alliance in the past? Are we to ignore the barbarism being practiced by Slobodan Milosevic? Are we to say that a man who has initiated four wars in 10 years can now start another war if he cares to, find more innocent victims for his policy of ethnic cleansing? Should we, as the United States, step back as the lead nation in this important alliance and declare it is over? I hope not.  I think President Clinton is right. Fighting this war at this moment in time is critically important because it will validate the future of NATO. I hope for a generation, perhaps even a century of peace in a Europe that has been torn with warfare too many times.  The critical question in Senate Joint Resolution 20 is how far do we go. I voted for airstrikes, I mentioned earlier. But this resolution goes further. I read it in its entirety in the resolution clause:       That the President is authorized to use all necessary force      and other means in concert with United States allies to      accomplish United States and North Atlantic Treaty      Organization objectives in the Federal Republic of      Yugoslavia, Serbia and Montenegro.  I cannot support that. As much as I support the current air war, as much as I support our efforts to stop ethnic cleansing by Slobodan Milosevic, I cannot support committing ground troops. I think that is a mistake.  I made a point during my recent visit to ask military experts how it would be accomplished. How can we send troops in the field and accomplish this goal? Time and time again the answer came back: With great difficulty. We don't have the port facility that we can rely on. Frankly, we can't look at the nations surrounding Yugoslavia and find a ready entry strategy. What we would have to do would be elaborate, costly, expensive, time consuming, and dangerous.  That is why, though I support the air war, I don't support the concept of sending ground troops. I don't believe it is necessary nor practical, and I don't think we should do it. This resolution is open ended and gives the President authority for ground troops and beyond.  Just last week, the House of Representatives considered this issue. I am sorry to say, about an institution where I served for 14 years and one which I hold in the highest regard, that it was not one of their finer moments. It was an aimless, pointless, confusing debate. At a time when the American people needed clarity and leadership from the Congress, they received neither. They voted not to expand the war; they voted not to pull out; and then by a tie vote they failed to pass a resolution even supporting the current air war in place in Kosovo and in Yugoslavia.  I am not sure what message was sent. We spend a lot of time here on Capitol Hill talking about sending messages as if we are some sort of e-mail source or Western Union. But that was a very confused day for America, and I am sure the confusion was felt around the world.  I hope our vote here does not lead to the same misunderstanding. I think it is likely that this resolution, because it is so broad and open ended, will be tabled. The decision made by that, I believe, that we will continue the Senate approval of the air war, we will not give to this President something he has not asked for--the authority to commit ground troops or whatever other power is in his hands.  How did we reach this point where we have to debate whether Congress will exercise its constitutional authority? I think there are several reasons. By attrition we have given back to the executive branch the conduct not only of foreign policy but of the military as well, without any real reference for the language of the Constitution. We have said fundamentally, Mr. President, it is your decision to make.  I think it reflects many things. I think it reflects historical attrition. I think it also reflects a timidity on the part of Congress in terms of getting its hands dirty, involved in a military struggle that might result in American casualties. That is a sad commentary because the American people count on us to come forward during the course of debate and with as much clarity as possible to explain the choices and to make the call in terms of our military and foreign policy.  I think, unfortunately, this resolution by Senators McCain, Biden, and others, does not express the feelings of Congress today. I think if there were a resolution in the Senate as to whether or not we should continue this air war, as the President has proposed, it again will pass as it did on March 23. This idea of expanding beyond goes too far.  I listened to the Senator from Virginia argue earlier that Congress has a very limited, if any, role, when it comes to the declaration of war. I disagree with him on that score. I believe there is an important element here that must be remembered. The words of James Madison aptly summarize the founders of this country and their thinking on this point when he said:  In no part of the constitution is more wisdom to be found, than in the clause which confides the question of war or peace to the legislature, and not to the executive department. . .[T]he trust and the temptation would be too great for any one man. . ..Hence it has grown into an axiom that the executive is the department of power most distinguished by its propensity to war; hence it is the practice of all states, in proportion as they are free, to disarm this propensity of its influence.  It is hard to imagine a clearer situation for acting on the Congress' war power than the situation we face with Yugoslavia and Kosovo today.  I have offered a resolution which states that if the President seeks to expand this war beyond the current air war approved earlier by Senate resolution, it would require Senate approval. I think with that type of resolution we would continue to assert our constitutional authority to authorize military activity and to draw clear, bright lines as to the extent that the President can go.  I understand the Senator from Arizona, and I have heard him speak many times on the floor and in the press about his belief that we should give to this President all power necessary to complete the war. I appreciate his point of view, though I respectfully disagree with him. I think that involvement in a ground war could be costly and, frankly, not the result for which the American people are looking.  I hope during the course of this debate several things come through loudly and clearly. First, regardless of your point of view on this resolution, we support the men and women in uniform. Regardless of party preference, we are here in support of their actions. I am proud of what I have seen and what I am sure will continue in their service to this country.  Second, we condemn the ethnic cleansing policy of Slobodan Milosevic. He has picked on innocent victims time and time again, and this type of genocide must come to an end.  Third, any expansion of this war beyond the current military undertaking must be with the consent of the American people through their elected Representatives in Congress. I hope, regardless of what the vote may be onthis resolution tomorrow, that that will be a principle which the President will continuing to abide by.  I believe NATO has a future. I certainly believe that America has a future in its leadership in the world. We are being tested in the Balkans. I want to pass that test so the 21st century is a century of peace.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  