President, there are many of us who believe that today's debate should have been focused on protection of another group, not the businesses of America but the children of America, because, try as we might to capture public attention about the necessity for Y2K legislation, American's attention is still riveted on Littleton, CO, and Columbine High School.  We have had meetings across my home State of Illinois, as my colleagues have had across their States, talking to leaders, schoolchildren, police, psychologists, virtually every group imaginable, about what happened in Littleton, CO.  Sadly, it is a repetition of events which have occurred too often in our recent history.  October 1, 1997, Pearl, MS, a 16-year-old boy killed his mother, went to high school, and shot nine students, two fatally.  December 1, 1997, West Paducah, KY, three students were killed, five were found wounded in the hallway of Heath High School by a 14-year-old.  March 24, 1998, Jonesboro, AR, 4 girls and a teacher shot to death, 10 people wounded, during a false fire alarm in middle school when two boys age 11 and 13 opened fire from the woods.  April 24, 1998, Edinboro, PA, a science teacher shot to death in front of students at an eighth-grade dance by a 14-year-old.  May 19, 1998, Fayetteville, TN, 3 days before graduation, an 18-year-old honor student, allegedly opened fire in aparking lot of a high school, killing a classmate who was dating his ex-girlfriend.  May 21, 1998, Springfield, OR, 2 teenagers were killed and more than 20 people were hurt when a 15-year old boy allegedly opened fire on a high school; the boy's parents were killed at their home.  Then there is Littleton, CO, 13 victims and the 2 alleged perpetrators, dead, as a result of gunfire that killed so many. Time and again we have been told these are unusual circumstances and not likely to happen again.  Sadly, history has proven they have become all too common place. Can anyone believe that our hometown, the high school in our home city, is immune from this sort of violence? I don't believe so. Frankly, it is because there are many troubled children. That is a problem which needs to be addressed directly and seriously.  It is a responsibility that falls on the shoulders of parents first, classmates, teachers, principals, psychologists, counselors, those who see the warning signs, to bring these children to the attention of others. Troubled children are not new to society. They have been there for many, many years. Troubled children in my generation waited on the parking lot to punch you or they threw something at you; troubled children today find a gun. That troubled child moves from being a sad reality to a tragedy, a tragedy in multiple numbers, time and time again.  Today I come to the floor with several of my colleagues--Senator Kennedy, Senator Schumer, Senator Boxer, and others--prepared to offer an amendment to this bill to say to my colleagues that protecting business is important; protecting children is more important. As important as the Y2K debate is to many business interests, families across America are not going to stay up tonight watching television and talk about Y2K; they may and they should talk about violence in schools and how it is becoming epidemic in America.  The legislation we were prepared to offer today, the Juvenile Gun Violence Prevention Act, has about eight or nine provisions. We had the amendment prepared and we had our cloture motion signed, by 16 Members of the Senate. We were going to make this a day for at least a debate, if not a political confrontation, as to why the Senate fails to consider that legislation at a time when America wonders if we have become impotent when it comes to dealing with violence in our schools.  I am happy to report a development occurred on the floor a short time ago which really has changed the face of this debate. Senator Trent Lott, the majority leader, the Republican majority leader, came to the floor. I understand he was apprised of our intentions and he made an announcement that within 2 weeks we will be able to debate these issues about school violence, guns, and related issues here on the floor of the Senate.  Some may say, Well, what else would you do in the U.S. Senate? My friends, for 2 years we have faced committees on Capitol Hill which basically will not report out any bills related to guns. We don't talk about that subject around here. It is as if it is somehow sacred and you can't bring it up and you can't debate it. That is why Senator Lott's concession today that we will have this chance to vote on important legislation relative to our schools is so important across America.  I say to all those who follow the issue, my heart goes out to the victims and their families in Littleton, CO. It goes out, as well, to the other students whose lives will never ever be the same, having witnessed this horror and this violence. It goes out to students across America concerned about their schools.  How many more of our schools have to be desecrated by bullets and blood? How many more of our teachers and students have to be prepared to give up their lives at school to defend their classmates? How many more parents will have to search their memories to try to remember the last words they said to their child as he went off to his last day in school, his last day on Earth? How many more deaths? How many more funerals?  It is time now that America will come together and say to this Congress, as representative of the American people, Do something. We can't solve all these problems, we can't make every troubled kid normal again, but please, reduce the firepower of these children who have such twisted minds, these children who are bent on violence.  This legislation which we are proposing I hope will become bipartisan legislation. I am sorry to report that it will be almost historic if it is, but some Senators have stepped forward in the past from the Republican side to support this legislation. I hope some will show the courage to do that again.  This legislation addresses a number of points, some that are so obvious it is a shame we have to legislate. Should a gunowner be responsible for the safe storage of his or her gun? Should a gunowner who knows that children are in the house have to put the gun under lock and key or put a trigger lock on it? Sixteen States say yes, this is the law. If you don't, you, as a gunowner, will be held criminally responsible. We say this should be a national law. Mr. President, 13 or 14 children every day in America die by gun violence. Columbine High School focuses our attention on 1 day and 15 lives, but every single day there is a massacre spread across this country that doesn't capture our attention like Littleton, CO.  We also have a provision which some will find incredible. Did you know that currently under Federal law a child is prohibited, with few exceptions, from possessing and purchasing a handgun, but there is no prohibition against possessing and purchasing a semiautomatic weapon? That is currently the law. We hope to change it.  Did you know that if a firearm dealer willfully and knowingly sells a gun to a child in violation of the law, there is no automatic revocation of their license? I think there should be.  Did you know, as well, that at gun shows across America all of the provisions of the Brady law for background checks and waiting periods do not apply? We suspect--we are still waiting to hear--that one of the weapons used by these children in Littleton, CO, to kill the others was purchased through a straw purchaser at a gun show and given to the child. Is America unable to deal with this? I think we can, and we should.  Did you know you can buy firearms over the Internet? How in the world could you responsibly sell a firearm over the Internet, not knowing on the other side if the purchaser is 15, 16, 17 years old, or a former criminal, or someone with a history of violent mental illness? To me, these things seem so obvious.  I yield for a question from my colleague from California, who has been a supporter on this issue.  