 I want to say something to my colleagues who are following this debate in their offices. There are not that many on the floor, but many do watch these debates in their offices.  We are coming perilously close to reaching a consensus opinion on one of the most divisive topics that this Congress has ever faced. The Senator from Maine, Ms. Collins, and my colleague, Senator Snowe, on the Republican side of the aisle, and about 10 Members on the Democratic side, finally have said: Let us try to get down to the bottom line and see if we can come out with some commonsense answer to such a divisive issue as late-term abortions.  I respect the Senator from Pennsylvania and his heartfelt views on this. I have said it repeatedly on the floor. But I think if we are going to finally be able to say to the American people, we have followed what we think are your feelings; first, keep abortion safe and legal for women across America; but second, restrict abortions so that they are in situations which are necessary, postviability in particular, that is what the Durbin amendment strives to do. And I thank the Senator from Maine for her kind words.  Here is what it says, very basically: All late-term abortions, regardless of the type of procedure, are prohibited after the fetus is viable; that is, after the moment when it can survive outside the womb, except for two specific exceptions: One, if continuing the pregnancy threatens the life of the mother, or if continuing the pregnancy means the mother runs the risk of grievous physical injury.  We then go on to say--we are serious about this--not only the treating doctor but an independent physician has to certify, in writing, that one of those two conditions are met for any late-term abortion postviability. If the doctor misleads or states something that is not truthful in that certification, he is subject to a civil fine, and with repeated offenses the fine grows and his license to practice medicine can be suspended.  The reason I think we should take care--and I hope my colleagues willlook carefully at this amendment--is that we would finally emerge from this tangled debate with something that many of us can agree on.  I am characterized as a pro-choice Senator. I am offering an amendment which some pro-choice groups do not support. I would hope that some on the pro-life side would look at this as a reasonable way to restrict late-term abortions.  If Senator Santorum's amendment passes, and restricts one rare procedure, it will reduce the number of abortions that are involved in that procedure, and they are very small relative to the total number. In all honesty, if my amendment passes, the bipartisan amendment, even more abortions will be restricted after viability. So for those on the pro-life side, it is a situation they should accept, too.  I urge my colleagues to seize this opportunity. It has come along so seldom in the time that I have been up here on this contentious issue. I hope they will understand that ours is an attempt to strike a good-faith compromise, consistent with Roe v. Wade, consistent with the Constitution, that protects a woman's health, as well as her life, in medical emergency circumstances.  I think if we pass this amendment that I have offered, with the help of so many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, we will finally say to the American people: Yes, we did come together on the issue of late-term abortion, and we think this is a reasonable way to deal with it.  I will readily concede there are differences of opinion and those on both sides of the aisle who see it differently. But I think I can go before my voters in Illinois, and my family because we talk about this, and explain to them the case histories that I presented on the Senate floor--where mothers, anxious for the birth of their babies, having painted the nursery and named the baby, found, at the last minute in the pregnancy that some terrible complication had occurred, and the doctor said: If you continue the pregnancy, you could die. And if you don't die, you might lose your chance to ever have another baby. Think about that, what the families face; and the doctors said, in that circumstance: We have to go forward with an abortion procedure.  Some of the women involved said: I've been conservative, antiabortion my whole life, and it struck me that it was going to hit me right in the face. I had to deal with it. And they did.  Frankly, any of our families faced with that would want to have every available medical option to save the life of the mother or to protect her from grievous physical injury.  I urge my colleagues to please look carefully at this amendment. We are perilously close to doing something by way of consensus that is a commonsense answer to a very contentious issue.  