For those who may not be familiar with the term, it is an effort to pass into law protections for individual Americans and their families when they have to deal with an insurance company.  The Rand Corporation tells us that 115 million Americans have had a bad experience with a health insurance company, or they know someone who has--perhaps someone in their family. Those bad experiences run the gamut of being denied access to the doctor you want to go to, being denied access to a specialist in a case where you think one is necessary, or medically necessary in the view of another doctor, being unable to go to the emergency room closest to your home because your policy said no, you have to go across town or perhaps to another location for the emergency room in another hospital, dealing with a doctor who may not be able, under the terms of his contract, to even tell you what is best for you medically, having doctors who are losing out in the debate with bureaucrats at health insurance companies.  One doctor in Joliet, IL, frustrated with the voice on the other end of the telephone at the insurance company who kept saying no, no, no, every time this doctor told the insurance company what the insured patient needed, finally said to this voice: Wait a minute, are you a doctor?  And the voice said: No.  Well, are you a nurse?  No.  Are you a college graduate?  Well, no.  Are you a high school graduate?  Yes.  What gives you the authority in this insurance company to overrule my medical decision?  She said: I go by the rules--the rules of the insurance company.  Rules, frankly, that are driven not so much by the need for quality care but by the bottom line.  The health care system in this country is in a state of crisis. The question is whether this body, the Senate, which is supposed to be the most deliberative body in American politics, will even consider the issue. We are now tied up in knots over whether we can debate this issue. Isn't it ironic. The argument made by the Republican side is, we do not have time to debate this issue. Time? It is 1:30 in the afternoon. We spent the entire morning talking about this issue. Why don't we spend this time actually debating the issue? Let the Republicans put their best plan forward, let us put our plan forward, and let's vote. That is what this body is supposed to be about--not ducking and weaving and avoiding the issue but facing it. That is what it is about.  I stand by the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights. I think our approach is a better approach. It includes a lot of provisions that, frankly, just make sense to most people.  First, doctors should make medical decisions, not insurance company bureaucrats.  Second, if you need a specialist and your doctor says that is the best thing for you or your baby, you have access to that specialist.  Third, if you are a woman and believe your primary care physician should be your OB/GYN, whom you are confident in dealing with, you have that right.  Fourth, if the insurance company makes a bad decision--if the insurance company denies you care, overrules your doctor, sends you home--you have a right to hold that insurance company accountable.  Let me be honest about what that means. It means the possibility the insurance company might have to go to court. The Republican side of the aisle just says, oh, you are not for health care; you are for more litigation; you want more people in court.  No. But I can tell you, every American, every American company, is subject to that same rule except health insurance companies. They have an exception in the law. You cannot sue them for anything more than the cost of the procedure.  This Senator and everyone in the gallery and all listening will be held accountable for their actions. If I did something so foolish as to drink and drive and hurt someone, I would be hauled into court. I should be. That is something you expect in America. If you ask businessmen, they say: Yes, if we sell a product that is defective and we hurt someone, we are going to be held accountable. But health insurance companies are not held accountable. They make life-and-death decisions, and the Republicans in their so-called Patients' Bill of Rights do not want them to be held accountable. They think insurance companies should be above the law, the only businesses in America above the law. I don't think that is right.  The provisions in the Republican version, as opposed to the Democratic version, leave 115 million Americans behind. Who is involved in that? If you happen to be a farmer--and I come from an agricultural State, Illinois--you are not going to get a protection from the Republican version of the bill, only the Democratic version. If you happen to be a small businessperson, self-employed, you have no protection in the Republican bill. There is protection in the Democratic bill. State and local employee? Same story.  Why would we do that? Why would we write a law saying we respect therights of individual Americans in dealing with their health insurance company--unless they happen to be small businesses, unless they happen to be farmers, unless they happen to be the local policemen we rely on for safety in our community? This is worthy of a debate.  I think the Republicans would want to stand up and defend their point of view and let us defend our point of view. Then vote. But that is not what has happened. For 2 weeks we have talked about debating. For 2 weeks we have been here day after day asking for recognition on the floor to talk about this issue, because the Republican leadership does not want to face a debate and does not want to face tough votes, votes that may be hard to explain back home.  I have quoted him before and he is worthy of another quote, a former Congressman from Oklahoma named Mike Synar, who used to say to squeamish Congressmen when a tough vote was coming: If you don't want to fight fires, don't be a fireman. If you don't want to cast tough votes, don't run for Congress.  That is what we are here for, to do the best we can, debate this, and come up with a law that is good for America. Maybe we should bring in some of the better provisions from the Republican side, some of the better provisions from the Democrat side, and put forth a bill that will help the families in this country. But we have been stopped in our tracks. The leadership on the Republican side refused to give us that opportunity.  We tried yesterday, incidentally. We had an effort to amend the agriculture appropriations bill. You say, What does that have to do with health care? Well, people who live in rural areas are concerned about health care, but it was an available bill on which to try to bring up this issue. When we tried, we were stopped again. A vote to table that effort, to stop the debate, to stop the amendments prevailed.  I have here a story, which I am sorry I will not have time to tell you, about Michael Cahill who lives in my home State, in Chicago, IL. It is a long, sad story. Michael had dizzy spells and went to a doctor who thought it might have been an inner ear problem. He was sent back and forth. Finally, he was referred to a neurologist who performed a CAT scan, and 3 years after the symptoms began, they determined he had multiple sclerosis, and then the insurance company said: You have to go back to the original doctor who did not diagnose it properly.  He went through a period--this goes on for pages--of fighting his insurance company. This is a man who comes to realize in his adult life that he has a serious medical illness, one he worries about. He worries about its effect on him and his family and his future. Instead of just fighting the illness, he is fighting the insurance company at the same time.  I wish this were an isolated story. It, unfortunately, is a story that has been repeated time and again. It is a story which reflects the reality most Americans now face when it comes to health insurance.  We only have a limited time left this week and next before we break for the Fourth of July. I am sure there will be many important issues we will consider. But I will bet if I went back to Chicago or any part of Illinois, my hometown of Springfield, and started asking people: What really concerns you? What could we do on Capitol Hill that might have an impact on your life?--if I brought up the issue of health insurance, my guess is a lot of those people would say, Can you do something about this? Are your hands tied? Can the Senate really act on it?  The answer is, we can do a lot. There was a press conference this morning by the women Senators who came forward and talked about some of the terrible things that have occurred in the treatment of women receiving these so-called drive-by mastectomies, where women literally have mastectomies and, under the insurance policies, cannot stay in the hospital overnight. A lot of State legislatures are changing the law in their States, but federally this should be a standard we all agree to, that people can stay in the hospital long enough for a good recovery.  Clinical trials are another real concern. Clinical trials are opportunities for medical researchers to come up with new cures. But, of course, they are not the most cost-efficient things. It takes extra time to try to find the patients who are appropriate for the test, get their permission, go through the testing and procedure, and a lot of health insurance companies say: We cannot be bothered by that. It is the bottom line. The longer they stay in the hospital, the worse for us.  But think about it. How can we expect to develop the cures we need in this country, the important things that challenge us and our families, if we do not have that? So we want to make certain clinical trials can still go on as a result of health care in this country.  Let me return for a moment to one of the basic frustrations that seems to attack the medical profession. I spoke to the Illinois State Medical Society a few weeks ago. It was an amazing experience, because as they started to ask questions afterwards, a lot of the questions circled around the question whether or not, as doctors, they could form a union. You know, there was a time if you said the word ``union'' in the presence of doctors, they would say: Wait a minute, we have nothing to do with that; that's some other group of people.  Why are doctors talking about forming unions or associations now? Because they have to have the power to bargain with the health insurance companies. Otherwise, they are being treated as employees and denied their professional rights, rights which they have earned with their education and their licensure.  It is an indication, too, of a concern I have that unless we change the way health care is managed in this country, fewer and fewer women and men will go to medical school. They will opt out of the opportunity of being health insurance company employees or servants and try something else. That is something that is not good for America if it occurs.  I can tell you if I am on a gurney in a hospital needing medical care and I look up into the eyes of that doctor, I want to see the best and the brightest. I will be praying that doctor was top of the class, the No. 1 graduate. I do not want someone who thought about this as a second option in their life, if they ever could.  I am afraid if this debate does not take place, if health insurance does not change, we could jeopardize the possibility of having the kind of men and women we want going to medical school and certainly jeopardize our ability, as individuals and members of families, to have health insurance and health care that we really can count on.  When Americans are asked across the board about their concerns, what they would like to see us work on, they tell us over and over: Take the decisions out of the hands of the health insurance companies and give them back to the doctors and medical professionals.  That is what this debate should be about. This empty Chamber should be filled with 100 Senators, Democrats and Republicans, debating this most important issue. Instead it is empty. We give these speeches calling for the issue to come before the Senate, and we are told by the other side we cannot; it would take too much time. And the clock continues to tick.  We have the time. The question is whether or not we can summon the courage to address an issue which, frankly, is controversial. On one side, the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights has some 200 different organizations endorsing it. Doctors and hospitals, consumer groups, children advocacy groups, labor, business--all endorsing the Democratic plan. On the Republican side, their plan is endorsed by only one group, but it is a big one--the insurance companies. They do not want to see this changed. They are making a lot of money.  It goes beyond money. It goes to a question of quality of life for America's families. We had a similar debate just a few weeks ago, a debate that really followed the tragedy in Littleton, CO, when families across America and individuals stopped to ponder whether or not it was safe to send their kids to school anymore. It wasn't just Littleton, CO. It was Conyers, GA; West Paducah, KY; Pearl, MS; Springfield, OR; Jonesboro, AR; and maybe your hometown is next.  Finally, after a week of pointless debate, we came down to a sensible guncontrol bill that was enacted only when Vice President Gore cast the deciding vote. Six Republicans and 44 Democrats voted for this bipartisan plan. It was sent to the House of Representatives and, unfortunately, there the National Rifle Association prevailed. The bill was basically defeated, and the opportunity for sensible gun control was lost.  I hope we have another chance in this session. I hope we have a chance to address not only gun control but the Patients' Bill of Rights, an improvement in the minimum wage in this country, and doing something about the future of Medicare--these things I believe are the reason we are here. It is the agenda with which most American families can identify--doing something about our schools to improve education. Instead we seem to be caught up in a lot of other issues that are at best only secondary. It is time to move to the primary agenda and the primary agenda is the Patients' Bill of Rights and that is what this Senate should be considering.  I thank the Chair for the opportunity to speak in morning business. I hope that as I end my remarks and we go into a quorum call, which is really a time out in the Senate, that all those who watch this quorum call will ask the same question: Why then, during that moment in time, isn't the Senate even talking about or debating the Patients' Bill of Rights? Why isn't that bill on the floor? Why aren't the Senators of both parties offering their best suggestions on how to improve health insurance in America?  Sadly, that has not happened. I hope it happens soon, and the sooner the better. I yield the floor.  