 Mr. President, the bill which is before the Senate, S. 900, is known in the shorthand form as the Financial Modernization Act. It is a 150-page bill which has been the subject of debate and deliberation on Capitol Hill for almost 10 years--a 10-year effort by the House and the Senate to try to modernize the laws and regulations in Washington relative to banks and financial services. Of course, anyone who has paid any attention understands that while we have been debating, there has been a revolution taking place.  I am reminded that just a few years ago we passed major reform in the area of telecommunications--years of hearings, extraordinary testimony from expert witnesses, the best staff work, the best lawyers, the best efforts by theMembers of the House and Senate--and we delivered the Telecommunications Act modernizing regulation when it came to this industry.  Now, a few years later, we take a look at that work product. I was amused to find someone who came to my office and reported to me that they had found in that 1,000-page bill only two references to the Internet. Think of that. We modernized our telecommunications law and almost overlooked the most amazing phenomena that is taking place in telecommunications.  I hope we don't make the same mistake here. I hope in our effort to modernize financial institutions that we are thoughtful, that we modernize them in a way that is good for everyone--consumers and families in America as well as the owners of those institutions.  Twenty-two years ago we took a look at banking in America. We decided that we had some interest as a nation in making certain that the banks served the communities where they were located. That is not a radical notion, is it--to say if you have a bank in a town that is holding the savings and checking accounts of individuals and families and businesses, that when that bank does business it should do business in that same community where the people live, where the businesses are located, where the farmers have their farms, and where the ranchers have their ranches.  We found that some banks were, in effect, in a parasitic capacity. They were drawing out the resources of communities and regions and not putting the money back in. In its worse situation, you would find in some of the urban areas redlining, where banks would take the money out of a community and refuse to write mortgages for the people who wanted to build homes, or to modernize their homes. They wouldn't put money into the small businesses in the same communities where they were drawing the money.  In 1977, we decided there was a need for legislation called the Community Reinvestment Act. It speaks for itself--that the banks reinvest in the communities where they are located. It is not a radical concept. In fact, I think it is a rational concept. It is one that, frankly, has served us very well for 22 years. Now, as part of Senate bill 900, there is an effort to radically change community reinvestment.  I don't know what the experience of other Senators might be. But I can tell you what my experience has been in my hometown of Springfield, IL. I have lived in that town for about 30 years, practiced law there, and raised a family. There was a time when I not only knew the name of every bank downtown, but I knew the bank presidents. I might not have socialized with them, but I sure knew where they were. I knew where they lived, and I knew who their families were. I had a feeling that those banks were going to be around for a long time. You could just tick them off: The First National Bank, the Illinois National Bank, The Springfield Marine Bank.  But over a span of 10 or 15 years a dramatic change has taken place. I think a lot of Americans find themselves in the same situation that I am in. I struggle to remember the latest names of these latest banks. Which one is the First National Bank? Which one is the Planters and Growers Bank? I can't keep up with it. It seems every 6 or 12 months there is a change, and not just a change in name, there is a change in ownership. The bank that used to be run downtown in Springfield may be run out of someplace in Ohio, New York, or Europe.  If Members ask whether or not we need this law of 1977, this Community Reinvestment Act, to make certain that as these changes are taking place in the banking industry--whoever owns them, wherever their home might be--that they still serve the communities where they draw their money from, I think is still a very sound concept.  Yet this bill, S. 900, suggests it is a concept that should be largely abandoned, because in three specific areas there are changes in the law.  First, it eliminates the requirement that all banks within a holding company have and maintain satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act ratings as a condition for exercising new financial powers. To put it in common English, if you want to take your bank and holding company and expand it in some direction, we are going to take a look to see if you have been good citizens in the communities where you are located.  I think that is a reasonable suggestion. That is the law. But this bill changes it. This bill removes that requirement and says you can't take a look at their records and see if they have been helping local farmers and businesspeople, families, with mortgages.  Does that make sense, at a time when bank ownership is becoming further and further removed from the people who bank, that we are going to somehow absolve them of responsibility to the neighborhoods, the communities, the towns, the counties around them? I don't think that makes any sense at all.  The second thing, the so-called safe harbor provision. If an institution had a good conduct ribbon for 36 months under the Community Reinvestment Act, this bill basically says leave those banks alone, don't ask any more questions.  I don't think that makes sense either.  The Community Reinvestment Act examinations take place about once every 18 to 24 months. In fact, for the smaller institutions, they have been streamlined more dramatically. I don't think we ought to say that after some 3 years of good conduct we are no longer going to ask basic questions as to whether or not you are making an investment in your community.  The final provision, which the previous speaker, the Senator from Minnesota, addressed from his point of view, was whether or not a bank--rural bank in this instance--with less than $100 million in assets should be required to meet the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act. An argument can be made, and has been made by some, that these are smaller institutions and, as such, should not be burdened by regulators and paperwork, let them do their business, they are good neighbors, and things will work out.  Yet in the report filed with this bill, we find the statistics do not bear out that point of view. Let me read:       Over 76 percent of rural U.S. banks and thrifts have assets      less than $100 million.  We are talking about more than three-fourths of the bank and thrift institutions in the smalltown areas.       It is asserted these small rural banks by their nature      serve the credit needs of their local neighbors. However,      small banks have historically received the lowest Community      Reinvestment Act ratings. Institutions with less than $100      million in assets accounted for 92 percent of institutions      receiving noncompliance ratings under the CRA.  What many do is take the money from the community and then do not lend it back into the communities. They turn around and buy government securities instead of lending it to the businesses and families that need those assets to make investments in the communities.  I don't think the small bank exemption is the way to go. I think the provision in the CRA change relating to that overlooks the fact that just a few years ago we put in new regulations to streamline CRA investigations in smaller banks, banks of less than $250 million in assets. We exempted many small banks from reporting requirements and eliminated a lot of documentation and paperwork. We need to continue to focus on banks of all sizes to make sure they are doing the right thing.  After 22 years of the Community Reinvestment Act, what do we have to show for it? Has it worked? I think, quite honestly, it has worked very well. My State of Illinois is very diverse, with a large city like Chicago and many small towns. In the Chicago area, thanks to a strong economy and CRA, the number of home loans to low-income borrowers almost doubled between 1990 and 1996, enabling 30,000 families to become homeowners. Is it of value to those families that those banks put the money back into the community? I think it obviously is.  I want to take a look at some of the other areas of my State. Voice of the People, in the Chicago Uptown area, has provided quality, affordable housing for low-income families. The racially and economically diverse community of Uptown Chicago, on the far north side of town, partnered with theUptown National Bank of Chicago and completed the International Homes project, a development of 28 town homes constructed on five vacant lots within a four-square-block area in Uptown. This made homeownership possible for 28 lower-income minority and immigrant families. Half of these first-time homeowners are families earning under 50 percent of median income.  At the same time, down in my old hometown of East St. Louis is Winstanley/Industry Park Neighborhood Organization, a new nonprofit corporation representing 8,000 people. For those not familiar with it, my old hometown has had a tough time for the last 20 or 25 years. They struggled to keep the community together and to survive. The Winstanley/Industry Park Neighborhood Organization has been a plus. It is a mixed-use area comprised of residential, commercial, and abandoned industrial sites. What they have tried to do is to work with Magna Bank of Illinois to change the area. They have created a farmers market, community owned and operated, which was developed by this organization. What makes the market particularly unique is 14 of the 16 vendors are local residents.  If your bank were located somewhere in Europe and you came into the branch in your hometown and said, ``We have some people here who are struggling to make a living; they are low income and they want a chance to start a farmers market,'' is it more likely that you are going to get a sympathetic response from someone who knows the community, has a responsibility to the community, rather than someone who is just hammering away at the bottom line? I think the answer is obvious.  A residential loan counseling program of the same organization has launched a response to the victimization of over 1,400 lower-income families who were being misled by unscrupulous realtors into home purchase agreements known as bond-for-deed. The realtors who engaged in this often held the title to the properties throughout the length of the contract without recording the transaction and without hazard insurance for the purchaser. Most of these agreements contain no terms and have open-end type mortgage balances. This organization counseling program helped these same residents, lower-income families, refinance with conventional mortgages on their own homes.  Finally, West Humboldt Park is a low-income, predominantly minority neighborhood on Chicago's west side. It is plagued by poverty, illiteracy, welfare dependence, street and domestic violence, alcohol and substance abuse, and a lack of job opportunity. In 1989, Orr High School and the 12 neighborhood elementary schools formed a partnership with Bank of America--then Continental Bank--establishing a community network of schools in West Humboldt. The partnership has grown to include over 25 programs providing education and social services. They include Boys and Girls Clubs, the creation of the BUILD project, which is a group of parents who are really trying to keep the streets safe for their kids.  It amazes me that in our efforts to modernize the laws involving banks and thrift institutions, one of the first casualties proposed in the Republican majority bill before the Senate is to eliminate the Community Reinvestment Act. A party which dedicates itself to the premise that local control is best is virtually ready to give it away. To say that when it comes to local control of banking assets so critical for building and rebuilding a community, it will no longer hold them responsible, I think that is shortsighted.  For 22 years, the Community Reinvestment Act has worked. I hope we defeat this provision if we can muster a direct vote on it. If not, defeat the bill if it continues to push the things which are not in the best interests of consumers and families across America.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). The distinguished Senator from Texas is recognized.  