President, I thank the Senator from Oklahoma for his graciousness. There will be more to the debate if we take turns expressing our points of view.  I rise in support of the amendment offered by the Senator from California and my colleague, the Senator from Illinois. I am happy to join both of them as cosponsors of this amendment.  First, when we talk about methyl tertiary butyl ether, which we are familiar with in the Midwest, we have to put it in perspective of what role it has played in terms of providing energy and whether or not it adds to problems with pollution, because that is the bottom line.  We are talking about additives to gasoline that we hope will clean up the environment. That is why we have the program. That is why we are using ethanol with MTBE because the bottom line is we want to say to Americans: When you use your automobiles, the gasoline you use should contain additives that make America a cleaner place--cleaner air and cleaner water. That is why the amendment of the Senator from California is so important because we no longer can trust MTBE to meet that mission goal.  The findings of the EPA blue-ribbon panel on oxygenates in gasoline was reported last week. The panel confirmedmy long-held belief that MTBE poses a risk to ground water and to the health and safety of the American public.  I hope those who are following this debate will listen carefully to the pervasive nature of MTBE when it occurs in the natural environment. MTBE, a petroleum-derived chemical, does not biodegrade. In 5 years of widespread use, MTBE has become the second most commonly found chemical in ground water. It is second only to chloroform. One gallon of MTBE is enough to pollute 26 million gallons of water.  So when the Senator from Texas stands and says the problem is in the storage tanks, I suggest to him, no, it goes far beyond that. The problem is in two-cycle engines, for example, as you find on many boats which use MTBE additives in their fuels, and as they spray out the back of those engines, because of their fuel inefficiency, what they are spraying into reservoirs and water supplies across America is MTBE which is not biodegradable. When they test these water supplies, it is not alone from leaking storage tanks but from the fact that this additive is particularly sinister when it comes to the clean water goals that we all share.  It has been labeled by the U.S. EPA as a carcinogen. If this additive did not biodegrade and was benign, did not cause any health problems, we would not be here. The fact is, whether it is a leaking storage tank or a two-cycle engine spraying it into Lake Decatur or Lake Springfield in Illinois, which also serve as water supplies, it increases the risk of cancer. That is why it is a particularly sinister additive, and that is why the amendment of the Senator from California is so important.  Let me give an example in my home State of the dangers of MTBE. Ten years ago, a gasoline spill occurred in Kankakee, IL. To this day, MTBE still contaminates that area's drinking water supply. It does not go away, and it causes cancer. It is carcinogenic.  With MTBE's future clearly in doubt, now is the time for us to really make clear that corn-based ethanol, or many other crops which can be used as a base for ethanol, should step up to fill this void. Ethanol currently comprises about 15 percent of the reformulated gasoline program, including a successful effort in Chicago and Milwaukee. That is the top RFG, reformulated gasoline, market in the Nation, accounting for 400 million gallons of ethanol demand, or approximately one-third of the industry's production.  Many of the arguments against the amendment of the Senator from California suggest since we do not have enough supply of ethanol at this moment to replace MTBE, we ought to stick with it. As the blue-ribbon panel found, and I think common sense tells us, you would not stick with an additive that is this dangerous, one that is so pervasive, not biodegradable and carcinogenic. It is far better for us to set out a national program to expand ethanol production.  Naturally, many people are listening and we expect to hear: Durbin, you are from Illinois where they produce most of the ethanol and primarily from one company.  I will concede that fact. I am open to suggestions for legislation to increase ethanol nationwide from a variety of sources. I think it is good. It will create better competition and may develop better standards for manufacturers to bring down the cost. I will certainly support it whatever State wants to engage in ethanol production.  It is also important to note that recent studies have found that ethanol and MTBE are essentially equivalent in terms of their effect on ozone; that is, in reducing air pollution, so we are not losing in this tradeoff moving from MTBE to ethanol. In fact, we are holding our ground with a much safer additive.  Ethanol has lower carbon monoxide emissions and reduced reactivity, along with a lower incidence of environmental contamination when compared to MTBE.  Instead of shelving the RFG oxygenate requirements--that additive that makes it safer for the requirement--it would be in our country's best interest to expand the use of a safe oxygenate such as ethanol. The U.S. Department of Agriculture and industry data demonstrate that adequate supplies of ethanol would exist to meet the oxygenate requirement in a cost-effective manner with a gradual phaseout of MTBE.  I say to my friend--a man I also respect--from the State of Rhode Island that we are not talking about an instantaneous ban on MTBE. Instead, we are talking about a phaseout of the use of this additive as we increase the production of the safer additive, the oxygenate ethanol. In fact, ethanol blends with reformulated gas would be more cost effective than nonoxygenated gasoline.  We need to look no further than rural America to understand the benefits an ethanol-based RFG program would have on our ag economy. The USDA is predicting a bumper corn crop of 9.7 billion bushels. Farm prices are in a free-fall, and we need to find alternative uses for our agricultural bounty.  Illinois annually produces about 40 percent of the nearly 1.5 billion gallons of ethanol. Illinois corn accounts for about 17 percent of the crop use for ethanol. As you drive or fly over the Midwest and look down on those cornfields, one out of six of those cornfields is dedicated to go into processing and come out as ethanol, which we burn in our automobiles. This allows ethanol to gradually replace MTBE as a great benefit to our fragile rural economy.  I am pleased to join Senator Boxer and Senator Fitzgerald on her amendment and urge my colleagues from both rural and urban States to support this important effort to encourage the phaseout of MTBE and the promotion of ethanol as an alternative.  