President, first, I thank the Senator from West Virginia and my leader on the Appropriations Committee, and my friend, Senator Stevens from Alaska, who is not present on the floor; he is also the chairman of this important committee.  You can measure the values of a nation by the way it spends its money. If you take a look at this bill, you will see that the values of America are strong in many areas. We are prepared to spend $6 billion to make sure that the men and women in uniform in Kosovo have the very best. Were it my son or daughter, I would demand nothing less. I am sure we all feel the same.  We are spending hundreds of millions of dollars for humanitarian relief. Isn't it typically American that no matter what our sacrifice, we are willing to help others, whether it is the refugeesin Kosovo or those suffering from the hurricane in Central America.  Many other good things are in this bill. I was happy to be part of an effort to provide financial assistance to those who have been in the pork production industry and have been hard hit during the last year. Senator Bond and I have worked for $145 million to try to help some of these farmers to face the toughest times in their lives. Net farm income in Illinois is down 78 percent. Farmland in Illinois is some of the best in the country, yet farmers have seen this dramatic decline in income. With all these good things in the bill, it would seem fairly obvious to vote for it without reservation. I wish I could. I plan on voting for it, but with serious reservations. Let me tell you what they relate to.  When this bill came from the White House, the President asked for $6 billion for military and humanitarian assistance, and then the House added $5 billion in military spending which the President didn't ask for. Among other things in this bill is $500 million for military construction around the world that is not authorized, not requested. It is put in here.  When I went to the conference with Senator Byrd and Senator Stevens, the Senate side of the aisle said we are going to propose an amendment that I offered--$265 million for American schools. You have heard of all the things I have mentioned. There is not a penny in this bill for American schools--nothing. Are schools on our minds? You bet they are. Cities like Conyers, GA; Littleton, CO; Jonesboro, AR; West Paducah, KY; Pearl, MS; Springfield, OR. The sad roster of schools in America that have been hit by school violence continues to grow.  I produced an amendment for $265 million for two things--not radical new suggestions but tried and true things such as school counselors so that kids who are troubled and have a problem have somebody to turn to, and afterschool programs so that kids are supervised in a positive, safe learning environment. The House conferees rejected that. Not a penny for schools, not $265 million. Not a penny for schools, but $5 billion more in military spending than this President requested.  Where are our values? Where are our priorities? If our priorities are not in the schoolrooms and classrooms of America, if they are not with our children, where are our values?  I salute what is in this bill. Much is good. But it pains me greatly to stand on the floor of the Senate and say that in a conference committee only a few days ago the idea of sending money to America's schools for America's schoolchildren was soundly rejected by the House conferees. That makes no sense whatsoever.  We will talk in the juvenile justice bill about how to reduce crime in America, how to reduce violence, and we should. We will talk about gun control, and I support it. But there is more to it. We have to be able to reach out to those kids who show up at school every day with a world of hurt, a world of problems, kids who probably see school as the only shelter, the only nurturing environment, in their lives. These kids need a helping hand, and with this helping hand they can be better students and better Americans.  We missed an opportunity in this bill by denying one penny for those schools. We missed that opportunity. I am sorry to say that this bill does not include it. But I promise you this. As long as I serve in the Senate, I will join with those in the Senate and, I hope, others in the House, who come to the realization that there is no greater priority than our children.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  