I support her amendment.  The basic issue is this: Will we give the pink slip to 29,000 teachers at the end of this school year, teachers who were hired to use their professional skills, to have reduced class size which helps kids along in kindergarten, first, and second grades?  The Republicans say yes; the Democrats say no. The Republicans say: Give them the pink slips. Give the money to the school districts. Let them do with it what they like.  I think Senator Murray, in supporting this amendment which I support as well, is supporting a concept that is tested and proven.  During the course of this debate, we have been visited in the galleries by many students--hundreds of them, perhaps. I think if you ask each of them whether it was a better classroom experience when they were in a small class where they got to know the teacher and worked with them or in some large study hall with 200 or 300 students, the answer is obvious. It is obvious on this side of the aisle but, unfortunately, not on the other side of the aisle.  The chart the Senator from Tennessee brought up must be passed to every Senator when they are elected. It shows how bad America's schools are and compares various grade levels of different nations and the United States. I have seen the chart over and over again. It is a chart they use to rationalize vouchers, taking money out of public schools and giving it to a few kids to go to private schools. It is a chart they use to say public education doesn't work in America today.  There is something fundamentally flawed in that presentation. Virtually every other country we are compared to uses a selective system of bringing kids to school. But not in America. Our schools are open to everybody regardless of color, regardless of economic circumstance, regardless of whether you are gifted or have a learning disability. Yes, some of our test scores arelower because our school doors are open to everyone. Some of the other countries, which the Republicans point to with pride, are very selective. There is the class that will become the leaders and the class that will always be the lower-class workers. That is not America. I hope it never is.  This commitment to this amendment is a commitment to public education, to 90 percent of the kids in America who go to public schools. I went to private schools, parochial schools, as did my kids, but I believed my first obligation in my community and in the Senate was to public education. That is why I support Senator Murray.  For those who say we don't care about or don't trust local educational officials, nothing could be further from the truth. Despite everything we do in this appropriations bill, 93 percent of the funds spent on local schools will come from local sources and will be administered by local officials, as it should be. The question that Senator Murray poses with this amendment is whether the Federal Government will continue to show leadership in certain areas where we have had proven success.  Looking back we can see it: vocational education, the School Lunch Program, title I for kids falling behind, the IDEA program for kids with disabilities, the National Defense Education Act, the Pell grants and others for higher education. We pick and choose those things that work at the Federal level and do our level best to work with local school districts to use them at the local level. That is what the Murray amendment is all about.  Yes, we trust local officials, but we want to make certain they are held accountable to produce the teachers and reduce the class sizes that we know has proven results.  I say to the Senator from Washington, who offers an alternative: Have faith in the public school system, please. Have faith, if teachers are in the classroom with a smaller number of students they can succeed; kids that might otherwise fall behind have a fighting chance.  I close by saying it is sad, in one respect, that this is what the educational debate in Washington, DC, comes down to, a matter of 29,000 teachers. The No. 1 issue for families across America deserves a bigger debate and a lot more attention from the Federal Government. So far, this Congress, as we have seen in previous Congresses under Republican control, has continued to shortchange education. We cannot do that except at our own national peril. I support the Murray amendment.  