 I am going to vote in favor of the Harkin amendment. The Senator from Iowa has put the question before the Senate, which is very straightforward: Do you support the 1973 decision of the U.S. Supreme Court which said that we will protect a woman's right to choose?  The decision of that Court said that the privacy of each of us, as individuals, has to be protected, and particularly the privacy of a woman when she is making a critical decision about her health.  I have, over the past day or so, been involved in a debate on this floor about this issue. And I thank all of my colleagues for participating in this debate. On an amendment I offered, there were some 38 votes last night. I wish there were more. Any Senator would. I am proud of those who stood with me and hope we have taken one small step toward finding common ground consensus, while conceding what the Senator from Iowa has made a point in his amendment; that is, first, we will keep abortion procedures safe and legal in America and, second, we will try to find reasonable restrictions within that decision. I believe that is what the debate was about yesterday.  The point I make this morning, in the brief time I have, goes to the heart of this issue. This amendment really tests us as to our feelings about the women of America, particularly those who are mothers, and the children of America. I am troubled by those who oppose the Roe v. Wade decision andsay they are doing it because they believe in the women of America. Then we look at their voting records and say, where are they?  For example, let's use one very basic issue. We on the Democratic side, with the help of Senator Kennedy and others, have been fighting hard to increase the minimum wage. Our belief is that people who are going to work every day deserve a decent living wage. The minimum wage has been stuck at $5.15 an hour for too long. Who are the largest recipients of the minimum wage in America? Women, women who go to work, many with children, struggling to survive. If we believe in the dignity of women, we should be voting for an increase in the minimum wage.  Not too long ago, the Republican majority in the House suggested cutting back on a tax credit for lower-income working families, the earned-income tax credit. They said: This is the way we will balance the budget. Thank goodness even a Republican candidate for President came out against that idea.  It raises a question in my mind: Those who oppose the idea of Roe v. Wade and say they still stand up for the women of America, where are they on these other issues as well? Historically, the same people who are opposed to Roe v. Wade are opposed to increasing the minimum wage and want to cut the tax credit for working families, particularly single-parent families.  Let's take a look at the children's side of the equation. Many who oppose abortion procedures say these children should be born. The question is, Once they are born, will you help care for them? The record is not very encouraging. The same people who oppose the abortion procedures oppose an increase in the minimum wage, by and large. The same people who oppose Roe v. Wade are the folks who are leading the charge for cutting the earned-income tax credit, cutting the Head Start Program for the children, cutting education and health care and the basics of life.  If this is a question of commitment to life, take a look at this next roll call on the Harkin amendment, which I will support. Line up those Senators on both sides of the aisle and ask: If you say you want more children born in this world, are you willing to stand by and help the families raise them? Too many times, I think we will be sadly disappointed.  There was a study that came out a few days ago. It was from a woman at Claremont Graduate University in California who did a survey of all the States that have the strongest anti-abortion laws and found they are many times over more likely to have less assistance for families and children. Those who stand here and say, oppose Roe v. Wade, allow these children to be born, the obvious question of them is, Will you stand, then, for the programs to help these children? Time and time again, they do not.  I believe Roe v. Wade has in a way recognized the constitutional reality of privacy in this country. It is said a woman should have the right to choose. In that critical moment when she is making that decision with her doctor, with her husband, with her family, with her conscience, the Government should not be there making the decision for her.  Yes, there are restrictions in Roe v. Wade. Some people think they are too much; some, too little. Be that as it may, the basic constitutional principle is sound. Members of the Senate will have, in a very brief moment in time, a critical opportunity to decide whether or not they want to turn back the clock to back-alley abortions, to the days when abortions were not safe and legal in this country.  I hope we have a solid, strong majority vote in support of the Harkin amendment.  