If they don't, they are held accountable. What we want to create with the Hutchison amendment is an exception for oil companies; to say to some of the most profitable companies in America that they don't have to pay their fair share as required by law. That is what the Hutchison amendment does.  It says the Department of the Interior cannot review the amount of money being paid in royalties by these oil companies and stop them from even considering implementing and enforcing the law. We know, as the Senator from California has indicated, that in the past, time and again, these companies have underpaid their required royalties to the Federal Government and to the States.  We have a letter, which was addressed to the Senator from California, from the Secretary of the Interior, Bruce Babbitt. He writes, on September 8, 1999:       I am writing to call on you and your colleagues to reject      from the Fiscal Year 2000 Interior and Related Agencies      Appropriations Bill a Senate amendment extending the      moratorium prohibiting the Department of the Interior from      issuing a final rulemaking on the royalty valuation of crude      oil until October 1st, 2000. A similar letter has been sent      to the Senate Appropriations Committee.       Prior to a series of congressionally-imposed moratoria, the      Department was prepared to publish a final rule on oil      valuation on June 1, 1998. On March 4, 1999, I announced that      the Department would reopen the comment period for the      federal oil valuation rule. On March 12, 1999, we formally      reopened the comment period and held a series of public      workshops to discuss the rule. We believe that the process      set in motion will assure full and open consideration of all      new ideas for resolving the concerns that have been raised      and will lead to a solution that best meets the interests of      the American public.       Currently, we are reviewing the information gathered at the      workshops and are confident that we will be able to address      the outstanding issues raised by our stakeholders. The      moratorium [as suggested by the Hutchison amendment] would      simply delay our ability to implement a final rule until      October 1, 2000, although we may have resolved these key      issues well before then. This unnecessary delay will result      in losses to the Federal Treasury, States, and Indians of an      amount of up to $5.65 million per month.       We urge you to defeat any proposal to extend the moratorium      prohibiting the Department from issuing a final rule during      Fiscal Year 2000.       Sincerely, Bruce Babbitt [Secretary of the Interior]  Five point six million a month, owed to the Federal Treasury, owed to thetaxpayers for the use of public lands for private profit, that will not be paid if the Hutchison amendment passes.  As I look across the aisle, I see a chart the Senator from Texas has used repeatedly to explain how complicated this is to come up with this valuation. I haven't seen it in detail. I don't question the veracity of the Senator's statements about this process.  Let me suggest to my colleagues, when we are dealing with conglomerate oil companies, multinational, with large legal departments, large engineering departments, arguing over the value of oil, trust me, it is not something that is done over lunch, where they write a figure on a napkin and agree to it. You have to bring in all of the information, verify it, subject it to public comment, and then establish the right royalty to be paid by the oil companies.  I think it might be interesting to see a chart of how much the oil companies are paying to bring this amendment to the floor and pass it, all of their corporate and legal departments and government departments that are at work to try to save them over $5 million a month at the expense of the Federal taxpayers.  The other day, I was on an airplane flying to Washington, which is a big part of my life over the last 17 years. I sat on a plane next to a gentleman from Colorado who worked for MCI WorldCom. He quickly wanted to talk about politics, which is always a dangerous topic when one is captured on an airplane. He allowed as to how he was a libertarian and believed there was entirely too much government around and, frankly, that is the way he voted.  I said: Let me tell you about an issue. Let me describe to you because you live in Colorado--a beautiful State that has a lot of public lands--this issue about whether or not oil companies should be able to come on public land, drill on that land, take the oil out, sell it for a profit, and pay a royalty for that purpose.  He said: I don't have any problem with that; that's only fair. If they are going to use the public lands that they don't own, they ought to pay something for them.  I said: Well, that is what the debate is all about.  The Hutchison amendment stops the Federal Government from collecting the royalty these companies owe under the law. Whether you are a conservative, a libertarian, independent, liberal, this is just simple justice. It is fairness, as to whether or not these companies are going to get such a break from the Senate, that we are basically wrapping up in a beautiful little package with a nice big bow on top, 5.6 million bucks a month to these oil companies.  They hold tag days in the city of Chicago, which I am privileged to represent, for a lot of people who are homeless, people who need food and clothing, folks who need a break in life. These tag days give you little things to put in your lapel to show that you helped.  They are never going to have a tag day for a major oil company. These companies are doing OK. Frankly, for us to give them an additional subsidy of $5.6 million a month is scandalous; that at this time in our history, when we know this money could be so well spent for education, for health care, for things every American expects us to respond to, we would literally turn our backs on $5.6 million a month, money that these oil companies have conceded in lawsuits they underpaid the Federal Government.  That is what this amendment is all about. It is a real test. The oil companies, at the end of this debate, will get the vote. Senators will be counted on: On one side, those who believe the oil companies need to be treated a little more gingerly, a little more lightly, they should not be required to make the payments they are required to make under law; on the other side, those of us who believe the public lands should be protected and those who use them should make fair compensation for the use of those lands.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  