President, today I am introducing America's Red Rock Wilderness Act to protect an important part of our nation's natural heritage. America's Red Rock Wilderness Actdesignates 9.1 million acres of public land in Utah as wilderness.  Passage of America's Red Rock Wilderness Act is essential to protect a national treasure for future generations of Americans. It provides wilderness protection for magnificent canyons, red rock cliffs and rock formations unlike any on earth. The lands included in this legislation contain steep slick rock canyons, high cliffs offering spectacular vistas of rare rock formations, desert lands, important archeological sites, and habitat for rare plant and animal species.  The areas designated for wilderness protection in America's Red Rock Wilderness Act are based on a detailed inventory of lands managed by the Bureau of Land Management conducted by volunteers from the Utah Wilderness Coalition. Between 1996 and 1998, UWC volunteers and staff surveyed thousands of square miles of BLM land, taking over 50,000 photos and compiling documentation to ensure that these areas meet federal wilderness criteria.  As a result of this inventory, an additional 3.4 million acres not included in earlier Utah wilderness bills have been added to the wilderness designations in America's Red Rock Wilderness Act. Most of the areas added to the bill are in the remote Great Basin deserts in the western portion of the state and the red rock canyons in Southern Utah, which had not been included in earlier inventories.  Recently, BLM completed a re-inventory of approximately 6 million acres of federal land which had been proposed for wilderness designation in previous wilderness bills. The results provide a convincing confirmation of the inventory conducted by UWC volunteers. Of the 6 million acres it re-inventoried, BLM found that 5.8 million acres qualified for wilderness consideration. Almost all of these lands are included in America's Red Rock Wilderness Act.  Theodore Roosevelt once stated, ``The Nation behaves well if it treats the natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased and not impaired in value.'' Unfortunately, these fragile, scenic lands in Utah are threatened by oil, gas and mining interests, destructive use by off-road vehicles, increased commercial development, and proposals to construct roads, communication towers, transmission lines, and dams. We must act now to protect these lands for future generations.  America's Red Rock Wilderness Act is supported by a broad coalition of over 150 environmental, conservation, and recreational organizations and citizen groups. In independent television and newspaper surveys and public hearings on this issue, the citizens of Utah also have expressed overwhelming support for a strong wilderness bill.  Yesterday was John Muir's birthday. He observed that ``Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home; that wilderness is a necessity; that mountain parks and reservations are useful not only as fountains of timber and irrigating rivers, but as fountains of life.'' America's Red Rock Wilderness Act honors his vision.  The preservation of our nation's vital natural resources will be one of our most important legacies. I urge my colleagues to join me as a cosponsor of this important bill to protect the America's Red Rock Wilderness area in Utah for future generations.  