I will say this only one more time on the floor. She may have missed it earlier, when I characterized this whole discussion about the lockbox. There is this proposal that comes forward that we create a lockbox for Social Security and for Medicare. In other words, you can't get your hands on it if you want to create a new program or whatever it might be. It is going to be separate, locked away from the grasping hands of any political leaders. So those who follow the debate will hear this: lockbox, lockbox, lockbox. But as we look carefully at the Republican tax break proposals, they reach into that Social Security lockbox in the year 2005 and start taking money out for tax breaks for wealthy people.  I said on the floor earlier, at that point it is no longer a lockbox, it is a ``loxbox,'' because it smells a little fishy. This is no lockbox, if you can reach in and take from it. That is, frankly, what we are going to face with the Republican tax break proposal.  I also say to the Senator from California and the Senator from South Carolina, who is the acclaimed expert when it comes to budget--and we are anxious to hear his comments and contribution--the other thing that is interesting is the Republican tax break plan is based on the theory that we are going to stick with spending caps forever. We are going to keep limitations on spending and appropriations forever. And with those limitations, the surplus grows, and they give it away in tax breaks primarily to wealthy people.  Look what is happening around here. The so-called caps are being breached and broken even as we speak. They came up last week and said--what a surprise--it turns out we have to take a census in America every 10 years. That is an emergency, an unanticipated event.  A census an unanticipated event? We have been taking the decennial census for centuries--not quite that long but at least for a long time. Now they are calling it an emergency to pay for the census so they can go around the caps, so they can spend the money.  It is my understanding that within the last few hours, the House of Representatives has also decided that spending for veterans hospitals is an emergency, and, therefore, we will go around the caps. Frankly, funding the census and funding veterans hospitals would be high on everyone's list here, but to call this an unanticipated emergency--most of the men and women who are being served by those hospitals served us and our country in World War II and Korea. We know who they are, and we know the general state of their health. It is predictable that they would need help at veterans hospitals. It is not an unanticipated emergency.  We are dealing in fictions; we are dealing in doubletalk, in an effort to get around the spending caps, which is the premise of the Republican tax break, that we are going to have spending caps forever. They are violating their premise even as they offer this tax break proposal.  I will make this last point to the Senator from California. She really addresses, I think, one of the basics. There are many on the Republican side who believe that, frankly, Government just gets in the way of a good life for Americans. I disagree. I think in many respects Government is important to a good life for many Americans and their families.  The Senator from California and the Senator from Illinois can certainlyagree on the issue of transportation. In Chicago, which I am honored to represent, virtually any radio station will tell you every 10 minutes the state of traffic on the major expressways around Chicago. I am sure the Senator from California can tell the same story. It is getting worse, more congestion, more delays, and more compromise in the quality of life.  We don't want to step away from a Federal contribution to transportation, not only highways but mass transit. Frankly, if we move down the road suggested by Republicans, it would jeopardize it. The same thing is true about crime. It ranks in the top three issues that people worry about. The COPS Program, which Democrats supported along with President Clinton, has created almost 100,000 new police. That brought down the crime rate in America. We want to continue that commitment to making our neighborhoods, streets, and schools safer across America.  Finally, education. I am glad the Senator from California noted this. The Federal contribution to education is relatively small compared to State and local spending, but it is very important. We have shown leadership in the past and we can in the future. It really troubles me to think we are now at a point in our history where, if no law is changed and everything continues as anticipated, we will need to build, on a weekly basis, for the next 10 years--once every week for the next 10 years--a new 1,000-bed prison, every single week for the next 10 years because of the anticipated increase in incarceration.  I think dangerous people should be taken off the street and out of my neighborhood and yours. But I don't believe Americans are genetically inclined to be violent criminals. I think there are things we can do to intervene in lives, particularly at an early stage, to make kids better students and ultimately better citizens. That means investing in education. The Republican plan steps back from that commitment to education, as it does from the commitments to transportation and fighting crime. That is very shortsighted. We will pay for it for many decades to come.  So this debate, some people say, is about a tax break. It is about a lot more. Will the economy keep moving forward? Will we make important decisions so the next generation of Americans is not burdened with paying interest on our old debt, and will we make good on our commitment to American families when it comes to important questions involving transportation, crime, education, and the quality of life?  