I commend him. I believe his statement is as forthright as any given on the floor concerning the state of the economy, whether we have a real surplus or we do not, and what is the prudent thing to do. Because what the Senator from Ohio learns when he goes home is the same thing I have learned as a Democratic Senator going home to Illinois: People do not have this passion for tax cuts or brand new spending programs.  The first thing they say to me is: What are you going to do to get rid of this national debt, this debt that started off at $1 trillion at the end of President Carter's administration and is now over $5 trillion? I say to the Senator from Ohio, it is my understanding that that debt costs us, as taxpayers, $1 billion a day. They net it out, because we earn interest as taxpayers, and state it is only $600 million. But the debt itself costs us about $350 billion a year.  The businesspeople and families I speak to in Illinois have the same response that the Senator from Ohio has spoken to on the floor: What are you going to do to get rid of this debt so our children are not burdened with these interest payments? We are really trying to square away the books from the last 20 years.  What the Senator from Ohio said on the floor, I think, is a very wise course of action. That should be our highest priority: reducing the debt and keeping our obligations to Social Security and Medicare.  I do not want to put words in the mouth of the Senator from Ohio, but my fear is those who anticipate surpluses that may not materialize could put us on a bad track. We could be headed back toward deficits, toward red ink, and toward an economy we do not want to see.  The same business people I speak to say, there may come a time, if we have a recession, when a tax cut is the right medicine because it would give the American families more money to spend and bring us out of a recession. But certainly we are not in those days now.  We have a strong economy, a vibrant economy; and, if anything, the fear is it may overheat with too much demand. If that happens, the Federal Reserve Board steps in and raises interest rates, which penalizes every family with an adjustable mortgage and business people who are trying to keep and expand their business.  The Senator from Ohio has really laid the basis for a sensible bipartisan approach. I hope we can work together, as we have in the past. I have admired his independence and the fact that he has been very forthright in his views. I listened carefully to what he said during the course of his statement. I think it really provides a common ground for a bipartisan approach that really is good for the economy and good for future generations.  As I see the Senator from Louisiana is prepared to speak, I yield back the remainder of my time.  