DORGAN. Well, that is the case.  I submit this: In a quiet moment, in a secluded corner, in a private conversation, most Members of the Senate who are supporting this three-quarters-of-a-trillion-dollar tax cut would admit that a better approach for this country and its future and certainly its children would be to use anticipated surpluses, first, to begin to pay down the Federal debt. If during tough times you run up the debt from $1 trillion to $5.7 trillion and then in good times you say, but we can't pay down the debt, there is something fundamentally flawed about that strategy.  I think if you take all the politics and fuzz out of this and get in a quiet corner, those who are really conservative and have conservative values about these issues as embodied in the fiscal plan we passed in 1993, I think they would admit that we ought to take some of this surplus and reduce Federal indebtedness. I think they would also admit there is not an intention to kick 100,000 kids off of Head Start or to decimate the education program. Yet that is where we are headed, on auto pilot, because this surplus is garnered by those who want to package it up in a tax cut that predominantly benefits the upper-income folks.  We ought to do the right thing. The right thing, it seems to me, for our children's sake, is to tell them we are going to begin using some of this to reduce Federal indebtedness, and for our children's sake, that we are going to use some of this to extend the solvency of Medicare and Social Security, two programs that have made this country a much better place in which to live for millions and millions of Americans. We ought to do that. All of us know we ought to do it. Regrettably, we are on the floor in a perverted process. Reconciliation was never intended for this process--never.  Yet, we are here because it muzzles us up with a 20-hour debate and does not allow a full debate about fiscal policy and tax cuts. And I say to those on the other side, you will get your bill and have your votes and you will pass a bill. But, in my judgment, you will put this country at risk because you are spending, through tax cuts, surpluses that do not yet exist, just as yesterday you wanted to waive points of order on a conference report that had not yet been drafted.  I yield the floor.  