That is understandable. You go out and drink too much, drive a car, get in an accident, and you might be sued. There are two groups, though, that are spared this: foreign diplomats and health insurance companies.  Why in the world would we carve out this kind of protection from liability for this group of health insurance companies? If they make the wrong decision on coverage, and it is your child who ends up not getting adequate care, or getting a bad medical result, who should be held responsible--the doctor, the hospital, or the insurance company that made the basic decision? I think the insurance company should.  Frankly, if they are held accountable, they will think twice about making the wrong decision. They will make certain that children have access to specialists they need, that people can go to emergency rooms close to home, and when there is a medical necessity there is a continuity of care. If your employer changes health insurance, you have an opportunity to keep that doctor who is so important to you.  One of the most humbling experiences in my life--in the life of virtually anyone--is to sit in a waiting room in a hospital waiting to hear about the surgery on your child. Senator Kennedy has been through that. I have been through that. It is something I will never forget. You realize that everything you hold dear and close is in the hands of people you have to trust to be the very best specialists, well-trained medical technicians trying to save or improve the life of someone you love so very much.  I think at those moments in our life when we are so vulnerable and pray that we have the very best and brightest helping our children and helping members of the family we love so much, to do the job and do the right thing and bring them home, we need to have the confidence that we have a system that works.  Over 100 million Americans today question whether this system works. They question whether that doctor they want to trust can tell them everything they need to know. They question whether that hospital making a decision can make that decision without worrying about some insurance clerk in some faraway city.  If we do nothing else in the 106th Congress, shouldn't we address this basic gut issue that American families worry about on a day-to-day basis? The 105th Congress came and went with a record no one remembers. This Congress has a chance to act. We may debate a lot of things on the floor of the Senate, but if we don't take up this very fundamental issue, we are missing our responsibility.  This Congress should not be toiling in an atmosphere of partisanship. It shouldn't be afraid to face tough issues. It should come forward and vote for the Patients' Bill of Rights, as Senator Kennedy and Senator Boxer have said, to make sure families across America receive the protection they deserve.  