President, the bill before us includes increased Foreign Military Financing funding to help Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania improve their militaries. The Baltic countries need to improve their military posture whether or not they join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). But the fact is that they do aspire to join NATO, and all three countries will be working to meet goals in NATO's Membership Action Plans for each country.  My colleagues Senators Bingaman, Roberts, Bob Smith, and Cleland have offered an amendment that says that nothing in the bill ``should be interpreted as expressing the will of the Senate to accelerate membership of those nations into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).'' However, the Senate can do nothing to invite the Baltic countries or any otheraspiring country to join NATO. Only NATO can invite countries to join. When they are ready to join, and if they are invited to join, the Senate would have to vote to approve amending the NATO treaty to accept further NATO expansion.  The Foreign Military Financing funding can serve to accelerate the Baltic countries' efforts to meet NATO criteria, but the decision to invite them to join NATO remains a political one that will be made by NATO's nineteen member states. The Baltic states could do nothing to become NATO ready and be invited--or they could become modern-day Spartas and still not be asked to join NATO; that decision is up to NATO.  The Senate has already expressed its opinion in Section 2703 of the European Security Act of 1998 that was included in last year's Omnibus Appropriations bill that ``It is the sense of Congress that Romania, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Bulgaria . . . (C) upon complete satisfaction of all relevant criteria should be invited to become full NATO members at the earliest possible date.'' In other words, the Senate and House of Representatives have already said that when the Baltic countries are ready to join NATO, they should be invited to join.  Thus I fail to see the usefulness of the amendment offered by my colleagues today. I particularly regret that the amendment has singled out Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia when in fact there are many NATO aspirants, including Romania, Bulgaria, Slovenia, Slovakia, Albania, and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.  The Baltic countries have made enormous strides in transforming themselves into free market democracies. They have embraced civilian control of their militaries, have participated in international peacekeeping, and have demonstrated their ability to operate with the military forces of NATO countries under NATO standards, spending precious resources to do so. I believe we must follow through and do all we can to convince our NATO allies that the Baltic states should be invited.  The United States' position on further expansion is that NATO should have an open door policy and that geography should be no barrier to membership. Russia need not feel threatened by the NATO membership of the three tiny Baltic states--they can do nothing to threaten the enormous and powerful Russian Federation. And right now Russia has no hostile intent toward them. But should Russia turn away from democracy, and if an expansionist autocrat were to come to power once again, NATO membership for Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia would make a powerful statement that the United States and Europe will never again accept buffer-state subjugation of the Baltic states.  