President, this amendment really gets to the heart of the debate: how many Americans will we leave behind when it comes to reforming our health insurance protection.  Senator Kennedy and Senator Daschle offer an amendment which will reform health insurance plans across the country. The Republican side of the aisle would leave behind 113 million Americans. They argue that these families should not be protected by a national standard. Just by accident of birth or residence, some people would be disqualified.  Who are we talking about? We are talking about people such as the self-employed, small businesspeople, and farmers, those who have a tough enough time securing health insurance. They pay higher premiums for it, and they are not in a good position to really bargain when it comes to buying their health insurance.  This amendment gets to the heart of which party and which approach really care for American families and the challenges they face. I support Senator Kennedy and Senator Daschle in this effort.  I just left the chatroom right off the floor of the Senate, where people have been, through the Internet and by telephone, calling in from across the United States. I think many people on the Republican side of the aisle have not really taken into consideration how important this issue is to Americans. They can vote with the insurance industry, and a Republican majority can defeat us on these amendments, but eventually they will have to go face the same families who I have spoken to and who write to my office--families who worry on a daily basis about whether their doctors are making medical decisions or the decisions are being made by insurance company professionals.  This amendment, which is about protecting all insured Americans, is one I am proud to support. The idea of picking and choosing the winners and losers across America is inconsistent with the policy that we should have coming out of this Chamber.  I hope a handful of Republican Senators will come forward and join the minority on the Democratic side and enact a bipartisan approach that is sensible.  