President, let me say this is a new assignment for me as a ranking Democrat on the subcommittee on D.C. appropriations. I served in a similar capacity in the House and it has become a subject which I am more familiar with each time the appropriation process begins. But it has been a special pleasure to work with the chairman of this committee, Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas. This is the first time we worked this closely together. It has been a very professional relationship, and I think a very productive one for the people of the District, as well as the Senate.  I salute, as well, Mary Beth Nethercutt and Jim Hyland of her staff, for their cooperation. I thank, on my side, Terry Sauvain, who is notonly the minority clerk for this bill but who also serves as the minority deputy staff director for the Appropriations Committee. I appreciate very much Senator Byrd making him available to help me on this my maiden voyage on the Senate Appropriations Committee.  My staff member, Marianne Upton, of the D.C. authorization subcommittee of the Governmental Affairs Committee has worked tirelessly as well, and I extend my gratitude to her, as well as Liz Blevins and Suzanne Bailey of the committee staff.  May I say at the outset that I am heartened at the election of Mayor Williams in the District of Columbia. I do believe it is a new day for the District. The District has a better chance for a better future than it has had in many years. Those of us who had lost faith in the future of the District of Columbia have had it renewed by the earliest days of his administration. He is a man who is honest. He is a man who is dedicated. He truly wants the very best for the District of Columbia and I am anxious to work with him.  People whom he has hired to this point in his administration include some for whom I have a high regard. Police Chief Ramsey, who was a member of the Chicago police force, was well respected there and I am certain will do a good job here. Terry Gainer, who was the Superintendent of the Illinois State Police, works as an assistant to Chief Ramsey, and he, too, brings extraordinary expertise in the field of law enforcement.  Mr. President, having said that, Senator Hutchison has explained this unusual situation where the Congress of the United States, the Federal Government, appropriates money to give to a city government, the D.C. government. Of course, that is why we are here this evening. We have a special interest in the District of Columbia, not just because the Capitol is located here, but because we believe, as every American does, that this is our city, too. Whatever our hometowns happen to be, the District of Columbia, Washington, DC, is our capital city, and we are very proud of it.  The millions of visitors who come each year really come to enjoy the institutions, the landmarks, the monuments, and all of the things that make this such a wonderful city and respected across the face of the Earth. The building we work in, the U.S. Capitol, is one of the most recognizable buildings in the world, and we are proud to work here, to be part of it, and we understand that Washington, DC, is part of the future of this country and part of our heritage.  Having said that, though, I have to be very candid. When my friends in Illinois and others tell me they are going to visit the District of Columbia, I tell them: Be careful. You have to be careful because, sadly, the crime in the District of Columbia is the worst in the Nation. The murder rate in the District of Columbia is more than twice any other city in the United States and certainly more than any other city in the world, from all the information I have been given. The number of auto thefts is higher in the District of Columbia than anywhere else in the United States of America. The schools, sad to say, are some of the worst. They may be getting better, and we hope they will, but, unfortunately, there are many problems.  When the mayor of the city came to testify before our committee, he said the Annie E. Casey Foundation has done an evaluation of children in the District of Columbia on how our kids are doing in Washington, DC. Time after time, we find they are doing worse than virtually every city in the United States or any State in the Union. As good as the District of Columbia may be, as inspiring as the monuments may be, there are endemic problems in this city which are horrible.  I am happy the revitalization plan has really given the District more voice in its own future. I have tried throughout the years to overcome the temptation to meddle in the politics of the District of Columbia and to let them govern themselves as much as humanly possible.  I can tell you as a person who has spent a good part of his adult life in the District, it has been tempting sometimes to speak up. Tonight I will speak up on an action taken by the D.C. City Council which I think is absolutely irresponsible. I will get to that a little later. But this appropriations bill tries to strike that balance where the Federal Government comes in with its contribution to the District of Columbia and respects the right of this city to make its own decisions, even if, in the judgment of some Senators here this evening, we think those decisions are wrong.  I, once again, salute Senator Hutchison. I know during the course of the debate on the amendments before us we will have a chance to get into more specific issues.  I yield the floor.  