I join in saying what the Senator from New Hampshire said earlier. Senator Smith suggested this is not a debate in which we are anxious to get involved. It is a very controversial issue, deeply felt on both sides. I respect the Senator from New Hampshire and his personal views on this, as I respect those who support my position in offering a vote in favor of this amendment.  Let me say a few things that need to be cleared up. The Senator from New Hampshire said repeatedly that this process uses taxpayer dollars to pay for abortion. Of course, that is a flash point. When people hear that, they say: Wait, I don't think we ought to spend taxpayer dollars on that. Maybe people want to do that personally.  Senator Murray addressed that point. Her amendment makes it clear that these procedures are to be paid for by the servicewoman out of her pocket at a cost that is assessed for the procedure itself. There are no taxpayer dollars involved in this. This amendment is clear.  Secondly, the Senator from New Hampshire says this does not abide by the Hyde amendment. The Hyde amendment, as important as it is, does not override Roe v. Wade. The Hyde amendment limits abortions to those cases involving the life of the mother. But the procedure now on military bases goes beyond the Hyde amendment. The procedure on military bases today says if there is an endangerment of the woman's life, she can have the abortion performed at a military hospital at Government expense. If she is a victim of rape or incest, she can have an abortion performed at a military hospital at her own expense.  We are talking about the other universe of possibilities out there. Senator Boxer of California really poses an interesting challenge to us: Two women, under the supervision of the Government of the United States of America, both of them pregnant, both of them wanting to end the pregnancy with a procedure. In one case, we say if you have the money, we will escort you to a safe and legal clinic in America for the performance of this procedure. In the other case, we say if you have the money, you have to fend for yourself; you cannot use a safe and legal clinic or military hospital.  What is the difference? The first woman is a prisoner in the Federal Prison System. For her, we have an escort committee. But for the woman who has volunteered to serve the United States to defend our country and she is in the same circumstance, we say: You're on your own; go out in this country, wherever it might be, and try to find someone who will perform this procedure safely and legally.  Whether you are for abortion or against it, simple justice requires us to apply it equally and not to discriminate against those women who are serving in the American military. That is what it comes down to.  The Senator from Oklahoma said abortion is not a fringe benefit. He is right. But health care is a fringe benefit that most Americans enjoy, and many hospitalization insurance policies cover abortion procedures. We do not cover them when it comes to the women who serve in the U.S. military. Abortion is not a fringe benefit; abortion is a constitutional right. If that constitutional right means anything, we should support the Murray-Snowe amendment.  