President, I commend the Senator from West Virginia. His has been a lonely struggle on the Senate Finance Committee in the minority. I know what he has said today on the Senate floor is an expression of his personal commitment and philosophy in the Senate Finance Committee.  It is such an alluring possibility for politicians to vote for tax cuts. Can you think of two more exciting words for politicians to say other than: I'm going to cut your taxes--tax cuts? Yet we know it may not be the most responsible thing to do on behalf of families across America and the state of our economy.  What the Senator from West Virginia has said during the course of his remarks bears repeating. Look to the question of fairness. We have heard statements on the floor from Members of the Senate who have suggested that taxes have gone up on American families.  It is interesting that when looking at facts we find something different. A median-income family of four currently pays less Federal taxes as a percentage of its income than at any time in the last 20 years.  This data comes from the Treasury Department and the Congressional Budget Office. Lower-income families at one-half the median income level face a Federal tax burden which is the lowest in 31 years, according to the Treasury Department. A family of four can make up to as much as $28,000 a year without paying Federal income taxes. For a family of four at twice median income, that would put them in the middle-income category. The average Federal tax rate will be its lowest in over a decade.  That is not to suggest families do not face a tax burden. They do. Many still pay the payroll taxes, some Federal income taxes, and State and local taxes.  The general increase in revenue to the Federal Treasury really is evidence of a strong economy where people are working, making more money, and perhaps doing better in the stock market than they had in previous years.  When we talk about tax fairness, many of us believe if there is to be any tax cut, it should be directed to the people in the lower- and middle-income groups. Those are the first who should be served.  This chart illustrates what I mentioned earlier.  