President.  Mr. President, I rise to speak in morning business and to support the efforts by Senators Kennedy, Murray, and so many others to finally bring to this Senate floor a vote on education.  We have been in session for almost 2 months now. A great deal of that time was spent on the impeachment trial with the promise that when it ended, we would come together and consider issues important to this country. And I think all of us took heart in that promise by the leadership. Yet, when this debate comes to the floor on the first education bill of the 106th Congress in the U.S. Senate, we are finding efforts by the Republican leadership to limit the debate. When Senator Kennedy comes to the floor with Senator Patty Murray of the State of Washington and asks only for the opportunity for the Senate to vote on several key educational issues, I am sorry to say the Republican leadership has used every procedural device to stop the Senate from voting on education.  What does that say about the 106th Congress and what we hope to achieve? I hope Republican Senators feel, as those do on this side of the aisle, that reducing classroom size gives kids a better chance. My wife and I have taken three kids to school--taken them as they started in kindergarten through the grades. Can you believe for a moment we would have felt encouraged if we walked in and they said, ``You have a choice here. There is one classroom with 30 kids and one teacher, another with 18 kids and one teacher. We are going to put your child in the larger classroom with 30 kids. That is OK, isn't it?'' You would say, ``Wait a minute. My son or my daughter has a better chance with more personal attention.''  That is what is behind the proposal for 100,000 new teachers--to reduce classroom size so that more personal attention can be given to each student. There may be some Republicans and maybe even some Democrats who would disagree with that premise and argue that larger classrooms are better for kids. Let them vote that way. Let them cast that vote that way. But to stop us procedurally from even coming to this vote on President Clinton's initiative for 100,000 more teachers does a disservice to the kids and families across America and doesn't speak well of the agenda for the 106th Congress.  Another item being considered, and one I hope we vote on, is the question of making sure we have enough classrooms and that we are going to, in fact, have smaller class sizes. As I travel around my home State of Illinois, superintendents, teachers, and parents said, ``Great. Smaller classrooms make a lot of sense. We think our kids have a better chance.'' But we are going to need more classrooms, obviously.  So one of the proposals that is before us which Senator Kennedy is pushing for is to have help for the school districts across America to build more buildings. Unfortunately, that, too, has been stopped.  Imagine, if you will, that the Republican leadership does not want us to vote on whether or not to help school districts build more classrooms, modernize classrooms, make certain they have the technology necessary for the 21st century, even to make certain there are safer classrooms for our kids. What possible item on the agenda is more important than education? Yet, as the 106th Congress begins, we got off to a slow start because of the impeachment, and now we have come to a grinding halt on education. If we cannot achieve a bipartisan consensus on the basics of education, it doesn't speak well for the prospects of this Congress. I hope Senator Kennedy, Senator Murray, and many others prevail. They are going to try to ask the Senate to come together on a bipartisan basis and really put their votes where their campaign rhetoric has been--commitment to education.  That is what it is all about. Let me speak for a moment to another issue which has been brought up, and it is a very valid issue.  Many Republicans argue today and in the last week's debate that we should put more Federal money into school districts to help them pay for disabled children. I have been to these schools. I have many times seen one teacher per student. I know it is very expensive education. I know some kids are sent off by school districts to better opportunities in other States. And that, too, can be very expensive. So the Republican majority has suggested we should put more money into special education from the Federal level. I hope it is clear that most Democrats agree with the Republicans on that; and that, if we are going to focus the surplus on education, this is a valid investment. But make no mistake; we have faced this vote before.  Take a look here. On April 23rd of last year when we offered an amendment to the Coverdell bill on the so-called parent and student savings accounts, an amendment which said take the money and put it into special education, only four Republicans joined us in that vote. They said, no; it is more important that we have vouchers for private schools than we take care of disabled children in public schools. So, by a vote of 50 to 4, the Republicans said no; don't put the money in special education. Now they argue today that it is the most important priority, the highest priority above all.  I sincerely hope we can return to this debate on the floor in an honest and bipartisan fashion.  I don't know why Senator Kennedy stands here alone on the issue of classroom size. I don't know why Senator Murray stands here alone on the issue of increasing the number of classrooms and the safety of our school buildings.  This truly is bipartisan. So many of us who go to the campaign stump and speak about education now have a chance to put our votes where our promises have been.  I sincerely hope that the Republican leadership will think twice about this--that we have an opportunity here to get the 106th Congress off to a positive start. The 105th Congress was a do-nothing Congress. It achieved little or nothing, and the American people in the last election in 1998 made it clear that they rejected that approach. Now we have a chance to do something on education on a bipartisan basis if the Republican majority will stop throwing these procedural roadblocks in our path.  At this point, Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of time in morning business.  