President, earlier we were discussing the District of Columbia appropriations bill. It is a bill that I have taken an interest in as the ranking Democrat on the subcommittee. One of the smaller spending bills, it has now become one of the largest. You might wonder what has happened.  It turns out that the District of Columbia appropriations bill has become a vehicle in the closing hours of this session for a lot of legislative attempts at spending. In fact, the largest nondefense budget to be considered by the Congress each year is for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and related agencies. It is the largest bill. It passed the Senate in one form a few weeks ago. But the bill in its original form never has passed the House of Representatives. In fact, they went the entire session debating about whether or not there would be enough money to fund critical programs for education and health. The House could not muster a majority to pass that bill during its regular session. It had to wait for a conference committee which involved the District of Columbia to finally bring it to the floor just a few hours ago where it passed with a very close vote. It now is headed to the President's desk for his consideration after we vote on Tuesday. It is my guess that the rollcall will be by and large a partisan rollcall, but that the bill will pass the Senate and head down to the White House.  It is also fairly certain that bill will be vetoed by the President. In fact, the D.C. appropriations bill, as I mentioned earlier, has bought a ticket on the Titanic. This bill is going to sink, as it should, and let me tell you why it should.  I can't understand why we wait until the closing days of the session to address the issue of education. It is the last priority in Federal spending from the congressional perspective. It is the first priority of every American family. We just don't get it. We don't connect with people who time and time again, when asked in opinion polls for the major concern we face as a nation, identify education.  Yet in this congressional session it is an afterthought. We have done everything else; now let's look at education. I don't think the American people expect that kind of conduct from Congress. They don't expect Members in the closing hours of any session to finally get around to talking about schools, kids, and education. That is exactly what we have done.  This bill, which the President should veto and send back to Congress to work on more, guts the class size reduction initiative, an initiative which allows hiring more than 100,000 teachers nationwide so that first and second grade classrooms have fewer kids. Every teacher and parent knows the wisdom of that decision. Yet the Republican majority resists. They voted for it last year; now they don't want it.  They ought to come to Wheaton, IL, and the schools I visited there. This is considered to be a fairly conservative area politically. They are for the President's initiative. They have seen it work. Why this bill wants to kill that initiative, I don't know. They are not listening to teachers or parents when the Republican majority insists on that. The Republican bill funds 3,400 fewer afterschool centers. Almost a million kids in America are denied afterschool programs, a million who would have received it if the President's request had gone through. The kids will be out of school at 3 in the afternoon with little or no adult supervision and nothing constructive to do. The Republican majority says that's fine; that is the way it has to be. I don't think so. I think our vision of America should be broader. We know kids going home to an empty house or hanging around a mall or street corner are not engaging themselves in learning. I think the President's proposal was far better.  There are many other areas of concern, including denying title I reading and math teachers. Think about that. At a time when we need more scientists and computer engineers, we are going to eliminate 5,400 title I teachers who would have been included in the President's budget to teach reading and mathematics. Cut reading instruction for 100,000 kids, and they fall behind in their classes.  Is this the kind of bill we want to kick off the new century? Does this define our priority in education? I think not. I think it is a bad political decision. I hope the President wastes no time in vetoing it and sending it back to the Republican majority to address.  The worst part of the bill, if that isn't bad enough, has to do with medical research. Every administration tries in some way, shape, or form to find something to do legally with the budget which will allow them to get away from some tough decisions. Democrats have done it; the Republicans have done it. What we have done with the National Institutes of Health is tragic. The National Institutes of Health--and I am sure most Americans are familiar with that name--is the agency we assign the responsibility of finding cures for the diseases that plague Americans and people across the world.  When one of my former colleagues in the House of Representatives, Bill Natcher of Kentucky, who passed away several years ago, used to bring this bill to the floor, he would say: This is the people's bill, the one that everyone can identify with because we are all interested in schools, education, and safety in the workplace.  The people's bill isn't being treated very well when it comes to medical research. I had a chance to look at comments made in the House of Representatives during this debate by my friend and former colleague, Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco, CA. I think she hit the nail on the head when she said our former Speaker, Tip O'Neill, said all politics is local. But in this bill all politics is personal. It is as personal as the woman with breast cancer, the man with prostate cancer, or people with AIDS who look to us for hope.  As a Senator, one of the more emotional things I have to go through each year is a visit from different groups interested in the National Institutes of Health funding. They come to me in desperation. They are the mothers and fathers of children with juvenile diabetes; they are the mothers and fathers of autistic children; they are people who are suffering from cancer and heart disease and rare diseases with names that one might never have heard. They say: Senator, do something; make sure the National Institutes of Health have the money they need to look into medical research to save our children's lives and to give them some hope.  That is a tough responsibility for anyone to face. Doctors face it every day, but politicians and Senators face it rarely. When we do, it is not a comfortable situation. I always assure them I will do everything I can, I will pass every bill I can to put money in medical research.  For the last several years, we have increased the amount of medical research. That is good. My colleague in the House, John Porter, a Republican from Illinois, has been a leader in that. I salute him for that. I think we should continue on that track. This bill, unfortunately, takes a giant step backwards because this bill, as it is drafted and being sent to the President, says the National Institutes of Health must postpone the awarding of medical research grants until the closing weeks of next year. It means that universities and medical researchers all across America are put on hold. They won't be given the money to research diabetes, cancer, heart disease, AIDS and all the other things we are concerned about. They have to wait.  What do their official organizations say about that? The American Council on Education says of this approach in the Republican bill to delay medical research in America:       . . . research programs cannot be stopped and started up      again without considerable, often irretrievable loss to      research progress.  The Association of American Medical Colleges says of this Republican idea:       The cumulative impact of these effects will slow the      overall pace of research.  The Coalition for Health Funding says:       The net effect would be a significant slowing of biomedical      research endeavors.  This isn't just a budget gimmick. This isn't a way to save face. This is, frankly, something that should alarm every American family. If there is not someone in your household who is ill, you are blessed, but tomorrow that can change.  For those who sit patiently in doctors' waiting rooms, in hospitals, praying for a miracle for help from Washington when it comes to medical research, this bill is no hope at all. This bill takes a step backwards. The President should veto this bill. Basically, it says to the National Institutes of Health, we will give you more money but wait 8 months. Let's let medical research stand on hold for 8 months. Mr. President, 40 percent of their spending, 60 percent of their grants will be delayed until the closing days of the next fiscal year. This is beyond budget gimmickry. This is unfair. It is inhumane. If for no other reason, President Clinton should veto this bill.  What it does to the Centers for Disease Control is also awful.  