President, many people who have followed this debate over the last weeks and months, I am sure, are curious why the Senate has been spending the amount of time it has on this particular issue. It is an issue which is of great importance to many of us.  First, let me salute my colleague, the Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer. She has led this fight, and it has been a difficult fight. It has involved many hours of debate. It has involved a lot of work on her part and that of her staff. I have been happy to join her and to add my voice to her cause.  We have had what might be called a symbolic vote earlier which suggests that ultimately the oil companies may prevail on this amendment. But I really believe in my heart, if my colleagues, particularly on the other side of the aisle, would just for a moment follow this debate and come to understand what is at stake, they might have a change of mind and a change of heart. Let me explain in the most basic terms, as I understand them, why we are here and why we are facing this debate.  Consider for a moment that we in the United States have many treasures. Visitors to the Nation's Capitol can see ample evidence of the legacy we have been given by previous generations. This magnificent building and all the monuments and statues and museums in Washington, DC, are not owned by any person. They are owned by America. They are owned by the American people. But when it comes to our national treasures, they also include public lands, many of them in remote places all across the United States, lands, frankly, that we as taxpayers own and lands that have value.  This bill which we are considering, the Department of the Interior bill, is one which takes into account these lands and how they are managed. The Senate and the House, each in its role, has a chance each year to make policy decisions about how we will manage these lands. This year, on the Department of the Interior appropriations bill, several of my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle have offered what have been called environmental riders.  To put that in common words, it is an amendment offered by a Senator trying to limit, for example, the Department of the Interior in doing certain things in relation to these public lands. So we have had a parade of amendments involving these public lands and how they will be used.  There have been amendments, for example, to initiate the mining of lead in the Mark Twain National Forest in Missouri. It is a suggestion opposed by the two major newspapers in Missouri, by the Governor, by the attorney general, and by every environmental group. But a rider was proposed by a Senator from Missouri that would allow lead mining in this Mark Twain National Forest, an area that is used for recreation. That amendment prevailed. One Democratic Senator joined Republican Senators in what was an otherwise very partisan rollcall.  Another amendment was offered which related to the mining of minerals on public lands, so-called hard rock mining. This amendment, which was offered, I believe, by the Senator from Washington, said that when it came to the mining of those minerals, when companies, private companies, would come onto the land owned by America's taxpayers, we would change the rules and say when they dumped their waste after their mining, they could have more acreage to dump on when they wanted to leave the land behind.  Of course, the mining companies love to mine on public lands because we charge royalties which are a joke. They date back to a law over 100 years old. It is not uncommon for a private mining company, some even foreign companies, to be able to mine for minerals on public lands owned by the taxpayers and to pay as little as $5 an acre--$5 an acre to mine for gold, for example. These companies can literally bring millions of dollars of profit out of the public lands owned by this country and pay to the Federal Government $5, $10, $15, $100, $1,000.  So the amendment proposed by the Republican Senator suggested that when they mine this land at these bargain basement royalty prices, they will be able to leave more and more acreage of waste dumped behind at the expense of future generations.  We had another amendment relative to grazing. Particularly in the West, grazing is an important use of western public lands. I support it. But the question was whether or not the ranchers who grazed on Federal lands would be able to renew their long-term leases, how much they would pay, and what restrictions they would have on howmuch grazing would be allowed. A Republican Senator from New Mexico offered an amendment which said these leases for the grazing permits would be renewed almost indefinitely. Frankly, many of us thought that was something we should question--whether or not we should, from time to time, make environmental reviews of the use of grazing permits to make certain the public land ended up being used for the best purpose for America.  So time and time again, we have seen a clear difference in philosophy from the other side of the aisle, the Republican side of the aisle, and the Democratic side of the aisle when it comes to public lands. I will only speak for myself, but I will tell you what my philosophy is. I believe these public lands are a public trust. I have been honored to represent the State of Illinois in the Senate. I believe, in my actions and in my votes, I should never compromise the integrity of this legacy of public lands that have been left for my supervision, entrusted to me. I have tried my best to vote so I can say, whenever I leave this body, I took this treasure of public lands and returned it to the next generation in as good shape as, or better than, I received it. I think that is consistent with the idea of conservation. It is consistent with the idea of protection.  I concede, people can use public lands for profitmaking. That is done, of course, by ranchers for grazing and by the mining industry for minerals. It is done, as we have discussed earlier, by those who want to come in and, for example, drill for oil. I believe companies that do that, whether they are cutting wood or drilling for oil, should pay to the American taxpayers fair compensation for using the land so I could say, if ever held accountable: Yes, it is true, we did allow people to cut down trees on public lands; they paid for it; it was not something that was in derogation of the value of the land to be left for future generations.  That is my philosophy: Protect the public lands. If people use them, they should pay fair compensation to America and its taxpayers for the use of the public lands.  The philosophy on the other side--I will try to characterize as best I can--is that the public lands are in some way an intrusion of the Federal Government into many of these States. I think there is a general resentment that the Federal Government owns so much acreage in Western States. Yet the fact is, if the Federal Government had not owned this acreage, it is really questionable whether some of these States would have finally become populated or become part of the Union. The Federal Government took control of the lands in the initiation of our great country, and over the years many of these lands have stayed in our control. I can understand that if I lived in a Western State, I might have a different view. But, frankly, I do not believe they should be viewed as antagonistic. These lands are part of our national treasure.  Second, the view on the other side of the aisle is, if a private company wants to come in and make money off these public lands, we should bend over backwards to make it easy for them and subsidize them. That is why we have not changed that mining act for 100 years. That is why these companies are paying $5 an acre and taking thousands of dollars of profits, millions of dollars of profits, off that acreage and not paying more to the taxpayers. That is why they want to be grazing these lands without the oversight of departments which decide whether or not they are doing something that could harm the lands permanently.  So there is a real difference in philosophy between the Democratic side of the aisle and the Republican side of the aisle. And rider after rider, whether they talk about mining or logging or grazing or drilling for oil, comes down to this basic same debate.  The amendment of the Senator from Texas, Mrs. Hutchison, really calls in question the idea of how much oil companies should pay if they are going to drill for oil on public lands and which they turn around and sell at a profit.  Frankly, I have no objection if the drilling for that oil does not create an environmental hazard or environmental problem. These companies should be allowed to bid and to responsibly drill for oil. It is good for America's energy needs. It creates jobs in the area. It is something with which I do not have a problem.  The Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer, and I come to this Chamber to oppose an amendment being offered by the Senator from Texas. The amendment says this: The Department of the Interior, which is to establish the amount of money, the royalty, paid by the oil companies to drill on public lands, will be prohibited, by the Hutchison amendment, from revising that royalty to reflect the cost and value of the oil that is drilled.  I believe this is the fourth time we have gone through this where they have stopped the Department of the Interior from revising upwards the amount of money taxpayers receive in royalties for drilling oil on public lands, despite the fact the law clearly says: Yes, owner of the oil company, you can use public land, but you owe the taxpayers something; pay the taxpayers for profit you are taking out of their land.  Yet the Hutchison amendment says: No, we do not want to revise the royalty schedule; we do not want to make certain that the taxpayers receive fair compensation and the oil companies pay what they are required to pay under the law.  