President, I thank the Senator from New Jersey.  I want to tell those following this debate that you are never going to have a clearer choice than between the Lautenberg amendment and the Craig amendment. The Lautenberg amendment closes down the loophole that allows people to sell lethal weapons at a gun show--what they call ``private sales''-- without a background check. The Craig alternative makes it permissible.  What does that mean? It means if you want to get involved in a background check for sale at a gun show, you may. You may. How many laws do we write across America where you say ``you may'' observe the speed limit, ``you may'' observe the law when it comes to the sale of drugs, ``you may'' observe the law when it comes to treason against the United States? No. If a law is going to work, a law has to be sensible and enforceable.  The Craig amendment is neither. It is neither sensible nor enforceable, because not only does it ignore the reality of the horror that is coming out of schools in America but it ignores the reality that at gun shows across America people are buying weapons without a background check and using them in the commission of crime.  This is not my observation, it is the observation of the Department of Treasury, the Department of Justice, and ATF, and other researchers who reviewed 314 recent investigations involving gun shows across America. Their findings are chilling. Felons, although prohibited under the Brady law from buying firearms, have been able to purchase guns at gun shows. In fact, felons buying or selling firearms were involved in more than 46 percent of the investigations involving gun shows.  There are plenty of gun shows in my home State of Illinois. Most of the people who attend are law abiding. Most of them follow the law and are glad to do it. Clearly, the criminal element is using this gun show as a way to launder weapons and purchase them when they can't buy them from a licensed dealer.  Mr. Craig would suggest the people attending gun shows are much like those who come around to buy and sell baseball cards. There is a big difference. Of course, what you are buying and selling at a gun show is a lethal weapon.  Senator Lautenberg is trying to close down a loophole which is a loophole for criminals. Why the National Rifle Association--which continues to say it is just defending the rights of hunters and sportsmen across America who want to use guns safely and legally--would come in with the Craig amendment in an attempt to undermine Senator Lautenberg's amendment is beyond me.  That is not all that is in the Craig amendment. Read on, my friends, because he proceeds in this amendment to provide immunity from civil liability for those who would ask for a special license at a gun show. There are only two groups in America who can't be sued now--diplomats and some health insurance companies--and we are debating that particular element. And now the Senator from Idaho says we should also include in the group of Americans who cannot be held accountable in court those who want to sell guns at a gun show.  The last point I want to make is this: As they poured through the records to try to figure out how these two children in Littleton, CO, came up with two sawed-off shotguns and other weapons, they were stymied because there were no records; they couldn't trace them. They were trying to figure out where they came from. Senator Craig's amendment would mandate that we destroy records about the sale of firearms, records that law enforcement needs to try to figure out when guns are stolen and used in the course of crime.  I can't believe any gun owner, who as I do opposes the gun crimes across America, is going to stand up and defend what Mr. Craig is arguing for. Senator Lautenberg's amendment is clear and concise and hits the points in this loophole that many criminals are using to come into possession of guns which they are using to menace Americans and American families.  