It is the issue of health insurance.  Mr. President, 115 million Americans, when asked, said that either they personally or a member of their family had run into serious problems when it came to health insurance and health insurance companies.  I started speaking on the floor about this issue just this week, and I have started getting letters from my State of Illinois and across the country. People said: Yes, you are right. Let me read you two of these letters to give you an idea.  Here is one that comes from Raymond and Marianne Eberhardt. These are folks who, frankly, could be any of us. They write:       Enclosed is a picture of Theresa, needless to say she is a      very beautiful child. She was hospitalized from September 2,      1998 to February 15, 1999 due to fighting the insurance      company for certain provisions we could not do without in our      home. Her daddy is a police officer and [her] mommy stays at      home.       She most likely would not have had to be vented--  She is on a ventilator.     if she were able to leave when the doctors had said she could      go. However, we had to fight and fight with the insurance      company for things that the doctors had said were needed. So      we fought for 2\1/2\ months.  Can you imagine, as parents, fighting to keep this lovely little girl alive, getting up every morning and saying a prayer that she will survive, and then getting on the telephone to fight with the insurance company for the basics that the doctors say she needs to continue living? Their battle went on for 2\1/2\ months. She writes:       We eventually did get everything that we needed, except it      was a very long battle. Can you imagine having your family      separated that long because the insurance company did not      want to help? Seven months is a long time for a family to      have to go through something like this. Theresa caught RSV in      the hospital--  This is a malady which clearly is very serious.     while we were waiting for the appeals to go through.  That is, with the insurance company.       That is why she is now vented and has a trach. Theresa      copes extremely well with what all has been done to her. It      does not     fade her in the least. She has Spinal Muscular Atrophy Type      1. She is very strong willed and is a joy to be around. I      hope something can be done in regards to insurance companies      helping families more and be a little more compassionate. I      know in my heart we would have lost her if we did not get the      proper equipment. I am thankful to them that they eventually      changed their minds. I just wish it did not have to take so      long.  As a parent, I have sat in a waiting room at the hospital with my daughter in surgery. My wife and I have been through that several times. You will never in your life feel as helpless as that moment. You will never feel as vulnerable. You pray to God that everything turns out right. You hope those doctors and nurses and technicians who are in that operating room are the best and the brightest that could possibly be there. But you don't want to sit there and have to worry about whether you are going to have to fight with an insurance company over whether or not that surgery will go forward or whether, when that surgery is finished, your child receives the kind of treatment that is essential.  Here is another letter we received:       This letter is to introduce you to our precious angel child      Roberto Antonio Cortes. He is 11 months old now and is so      special to us. He was diagnosed with Spinal Muscular Atrophy      Type I, the Werdnig Hoffman disease. He is currently on a      home ventilator.       My husband, Rigo, is self-employed at this time and doing      contract work out of our house.  They indicated they would be more than happy to talk to our office about the battles they have faced with insurance companies.  Here is another letter from Addison, IL, Dolores Pavletich:       Dear Senator Durbin,       Just a note to thank you for taking a stand on Health Care      Issues.       Last night when I returned home from work and turned on TV,      I caught part of C-Span where you, Senator Kennedy,      Senator Schumer, Senator Daschle [and Senator Boxer] were      asking to negotiate the Health Care Issues. When you      spoke, you addressed all the issues so many of us are      concerned with. I have recently had such bad experiences      with Insurance Companies. I started by choosing a doctor      from a book, being treated by him, and half way through      treatment was told the doctor was dropped [by the      insurance company] and I would have to change doctors or      they would not pay [for it.] I did not think it was fair      to stop treatment and start over with another doctor. I      then chose a doctor only to find out that the hospital he      was on staff was not [covered by my insurance company]      therefore, any tests or blood workup could not be done at      his hospital. Blood tests would have to be sent to a lab,      and if I had to be admitted to a hospital, I would have to      choose yet another doctor.       I am a 57 year old woman, on my own, and now find that the      company I work for is down sizing and my job may be      eliminated soon. I cannot retire yet, am not eligible for      medicare and with only unemployment cannot afford Cobra      [Insurance] because of it being so expensive [and I do not      know if I can afford it.]       I am so interested in the Health Care Issue I would do      anything to help make life easier for so many people. If      there is anything I can contribute towards this issue I would      gladly devote as much time as possible to assure everyone the      right to choose [their doctor, their insurance company.] I      wish I could speak to you in person to tell you what people      are being faced with today.       Please continue to speak for the majority of people in this      country. We've chosen you to do what you do best and we look      forward to you to speak for us.  That is why I am here on this floor. We have a choice. We have a thing that we can do that can make a difference. There is a Patients' Bill of Rights the Democrats have introduced, which has been endorsed by over 200 major health organizations, which will finally step forward and stand up for consumers and stand up for families and say we are going to address the basics. We are going to make sure you can choose the specialist you need. We are going to make sure when you sit down in the office with the doctor that you get straight talk and honest answers. You aren't going to hear a doctor parrot some insurance company line instead of telling you the truth about your medical care and what you need.  We want to make certain that when you go to an emergency room, you go to the one you need for your family because of medical necessity. You don't fumble through the dashboard looking for the health insurance policy to figure out which hospital you can go to without paying for it out of your pocket.  These are the basics, to make sure that the women across America who trust their medical care to an OB/GYN can continue to pick that doctor they trust, the doctor they have confidence in, and not be told by the insurance company to pick up and move; to make certain that doctors, when they say surgery is necessary, won't be overruled by some clerk sitting in an insurance company office in Omaha, NE. The decision should be made by our doctors, not by insurance company clerks.  This debate is central to really giving peace of mind to families across America. Why haven't we debated it for over 2 years? Because the insurance companies do not want this issue to come to the floor of the Senate. They do not want to face the votes which we would call for on the floor of the Senate.  The Patients' Bill of Rights that the Democrats support is a bill which gives to those who are providing health care fair treatment. Right now if something happens that is wrong in medical treatment, who gets sued? The doctors and the hospitals. But what if the insurance company made the wrong decision? Under the law, they are protected. The current law protects them. They can't be held accountable. Is that fair? Is that American? I don't believe it is. We are each held accountable for our actions, as every business is held accountable. There is no reason why health insurance companies should be exempt from that responsibility.  Here is what faces us: Will we, in the closing weeks before we break for the Fourth of July or our August recess, have the political courage to bring this issue to the floor? We spent 5 days debating giving protection to computer companies against being sued for Y2K problems, 5 days. We were worried about computer companies. Well, maybe we should be. But can't we spend 5 hours on this debate to stand up for families across America who want protection when it comes to the health care that means so much?  Look at these photographs. Imagine what life is like battling every single day with the insurance company and then praying to God, as you go to sleep at night, that this beautiful little baby will be alive in the morning. That is the reality of health care in America.  I challenge the Republican leadership, challenge them to bring to the floor of the Senate within the next week the Patients' Bill of Rights. Let us have this debate. Let us face the tough votes. That is what we are here for, for goodness' sake. This is supposed to be a deliberative body where we debate and argue and come to the best conclusion for the people we represent.  I will stand behind the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights, because I believe it is the best one. I believe it is the only one that is honest and complete and will help American families. The Republican plan, as this chart indicates, would leave over 100 million Americans behind, would not give them the protections which we believe are essential to health insurance.  It is true they protect 48 million Americans, just as we do, but they leave behind 113 million who are protected by the Democratic bill.  I think it is time to have this debate, for the good of families across America, for the Pavletichs in Addison, IL, for the Cortez family from Elk Grove Village, for the Eberhardts, who have written to me and told me their story, from Yorkville, IL.  I promise you this: As long as my voice holds out, I will be on my feet on the Senate floor saying to my colleagues, we have a responsibility. The 105th Congress left town a little over 6 months ago and did nothing. It was a do-nothing Congress. This Congress is not going to leave town without addressing this critical issue, this issue that means so much to Americans across this country and people who continue to write on a daily basis.  I will close by saying this: Keep the letters and photographs coming in. As long as you will send me your stories of your family struggling to provide quality health care, I will continue to stand on this floor and tell these stories, in the hopes that my colleagues in the Senate will address this important issue.  I yield the floor.  