President, this is a procedural change relating to the times when the Senate considers emergency spending. Examples are disaster aid, when an area has been hit by a flood, or the need for more money in the Department of Defense, for example. We may have emergency spending that is necessary because of the Kosovo military operation. I don't believe a single Member would stand in the way of providing all the resources necessary to bring our men and women home safely. Other emergency spending might be something as esoteric as the Y2K crisis--whether we are going to be able to respond quickly enough so the Government computers will be in line and not cause any problem to provide services. Those are examples of emergency spending, and the Senate can decide by a majority vote whether to change the basic caps or limits on spending because of an emergency.  Now there is a provision in this budget resolution which changes that dramatically and says that any emergency provision is going to require a supermajority vote from now on--60 votes. I oppose that. I don't believe that is good policy. I think that a majority of the Senators should be allowed to decide whether or not this Nation and this Senate face an emergency situation that requires a majority vote only to go forward and spend the necessary funds. Setting up a supermajority allows the minority in this body to become more or less the political brokers in an emergency situation.  I don't want to see that occur. We debated this in the Governmental Affairs Committee and reached a bipartisan agreement--involving Senators Thompson and Domenici on the Republican side, and involving Senator Lieberman, myself, and others on the Democratic side--that we would stick with the majority vote. Then I was surprised to see that in the budget resolution our bipartisan agreement has been vitiated, and now we are dealing with another requirement for supermajority.  My amendment goes back to the simple majority requirement for emergency spending. It is supported by Senator Lieberman from the Governmental Affairs Committee, the ranking Democrat, as well as Senator Robert Byrd, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Committee.  At this point, I will retain the remainder of my time. I don't know if the rules require me to use it in all one fell swoop.  