 I have quoted the specific words from the mining law of 1872. I can tell Senators that year after year, the 5-acre limitation was restated. There is nothing new about it. In 1872, again, the General Land Office refers to the law expressly limiting mill site locations made from and after its passage to 5 acres.  Twelve years later, in 1884, Secretary of the Interior J.B. Hoggin provided that the aggregate for lode claims is not more than 5 acres. In 1891, similar references; 1903, the same reference is made by the Acting Secretary of the Interior; the area of such additional tract is, by the terms of the statute, restricted to 5 acres. He goes on. In 1914, a treatise on mining by a gentleman named Curtis Lindley:       Lode proprietors may select one tract per mill site if the      aggregate does not exceed 5 acres.  In 1955, Denver mining attorney John Shireman writes in the First Annual Rocky Mountain Mineral Law Institute:       Each lode claim is entitled to 1 mill site for use in      connection therewith.  In 1960, Congress amended the mining law to allow location of mill sites in connection with placer claims. In its report on the bill, the Senate Interior Committee explained that it modified the language of the bill ``so as to impose a limit of one 5-acre mill site in any individual case, preventing the location of a series of 5-acre mill sites.''  The references go on and on. The American Mining Congress has acknowledged the 5-acre limitation, and of course the branches of government have done the same.  What is in dispute here is, in the minds of a few Senators and the mining industry, the mining process has changed. They want to be able to use more acreage to dump what is left over from this mining process.  It is interesting that the mining industry is so confident that a court would hold up the 5-acre limitation that they have not in any way tested the solicitor's decision in court. They would rather find their friends here in the Senate. That opinion was issued by the solicitor almost 2 years ago.  You will hear a lot of comment--I have heard it in committee--that what Mr. Leshy did in this situation was unfair, illegal, and we are going to stop this bureaucrat from overreaching.  The obvious question is, If it is so unfair and illegal on its face, why didn't the mining industry go to court? They didn't go to court. They went to Congress because they know that their interpretation, their opposition to Mr. Leshy, can't stand up in court.  The Craig rider and now the Reid amendment will allow more dumping of toxic mining waste on public lands and undermine efforts to reform the last American dinosaur, the 1872 mining law.  What can we find in this mined waste? Lead, arsenic, cadmium, in addition to heavy metals. Because of irresponsible mining practices and poor regulation, the mining industry has left behind a legacy of 557,000 abandoned mines in 32 different States. The cost of cleaning up these sites is estimated to be between $32 billion and $72 billion. According to the U.S. Bureau of Mines, mining has contaminated more than 12,000 miles of rivers and streams and 180,000 acres of lakes in the United States.  Let me speak for a moment about the environmental damage. For those who say this is an industry which, frankly, may not cause environmental damage, I hope they will listen closely to what I am about to say: 16,000 abandoned hard rock mine sites have surface and ground water contamination problems that seriously degrade the water around them--16,000 of them. Over 60 of these abandoned hard rock mines pose such severe threats to public health and safety that the EPA has listed them as Superfund priority sites.  There are two or three things that I found incredible that I want to share and make a part of the Record.  Each year the mining industry creates nine times more waste than all of the municipal solid waste generated and discarded by all of the cities in the United States of America. In 1987, mines in the United States dumped 1.7 billion tons of solid waste onto our land while the total municipal solid waste from all cities in America totaled 180 million tons.  The second point--and this is hard to believe--each year the hard rock mining industry generates approximatelythe same amount of hazardous waste as all other U.S. industries combined --one industry, hard rock mining, generating the same amount of hazardous waste as all other U.S. industries combined. You would think when you listen to the arguments from those who would make this dumping unlimited that this is somehow a passive thing, that it is no threat to the environment.  According to the EPA, the U.S. hard rock mining industry generated approximately 61 million tons of hazardous waste in 1985 compared to 61 million metric tons for all other American industries. And what the Craig and Reid amendment says is, for this dangerous waste, we will now give to the mining companies an unlimited landscape of taxpayer-owned land to dump it.  Although the mining industry claims that modern mines employ state-of-the-art technology that prevents contamination, it is not consistently used or managed properly. Some have said our references to contamination are ancient. In 1995, reporting to Congress on mine waste, the EPA stated not only had past mining activities created a major waste problem, but some of the very waste practices that contributed to these problems were still being used by the mining industry.  What kind of mining pollution? Acid mine drainage generated when rock which contains sulfide minerals reacts with water and oxygen to create sulfuric acid. Iron pyrite, fool's gold, is the most common rock type that reacts to form acid mine drainage. Acid leached from the rock severely degrades water quality, killing aquatic life and making water virtually unusable.  Second, heavy metal contamination is caused when metals such as arsenic, cobalt, copper, cadmium, lead, silver, or zinc contained in excavated rock or exposed in an underground mine come in contact with water. Heavy metals, even in trace amounts, can be toxic to humans and wildlife. When consumed, the metals can bio-accumulate.  Processing chemical pollution occurs when chemical agents used by mining companies to separate the target mineral from the ore--cyanide, sulfuric acid, or liquid metal mercury--spill, leak, or leach from the mine site into nearby waters. These chemicals can be highly toxic to humans and wildlife.  The purpose of the amendment before us now is to expand the opportunity for dumping this kind of waste on public land, creating the opportunities for more environmental disasters and hazards to wildlife and humans as well.  A teaspoon of 2 percent cyanide solution can be lethal to humans; over 200 million pounds of cyanide is used in U.S. mining each year.  I have a lengthy list of examples here.       Gilt Edge Gold and Silver Mine, South Dakota: Shortly after      opening in 1988, the Gild Edge gold and silver mine cyanide      leaked into the groundwater and nearby streams as a result of      torn containment liners, poor mine design, and sloppy      management practices. Beginning in 1992 the mine began      generating acid mine drainage. As a result of acid drainage      from Gilt Edge waste piles, pH measurements in nearby steams      in 1994 and 1995 were as low as 2.1 (battery acid has a pH of      approximately 1; pure water has a pH of approximately 7.0).      Due to pollution from the Gilt Edge Mine, area streams are      unable to support viable populations of fish and bottom      dwelling invertebrates       Summitville Gold Mine, Colorado: In 1986 Canadian based      Galactic Resources opened the Summitville Gold Mine in      Colorado. The company characterized the mine as a ``state-of-     the-art'' cyanide heap leach gold mine. Immediately after      gold production began, the protective lining under the      massive heap of ore being treated with a cyanide solution      tore, allowing cyanide to leak into the surface and      groundwater. The cyanide, acid, and metal pollution from the      mine contaminated 17 miles of the Alamosa River. Galactic      declared bankruptcy and abandoned the site in 1992. The State      of Colorado which had provide scant regulation of the mine      asked the Environmental Protection Agency to take over the      site under the Superfund program. As of 1996 taxpayers had      spent over $100 million to clean up the site.       Iron Mountain, California: Until production was halted in      1963, the Iron Mountain mine produced a wealth of iron,      silver, gold, copper and zinc. It also left a mountain of      chemically-reactive ore and waste rock that continues to      leach enormous amounts of acid and heavy metals pollution      into nearby streams and the Sacramento River.       Despite expensive efforts to reduce pollution--Iron      Mountain is now on the Superfund National Priority List--     enormous amounts of contaminants continue to wash off the      site. Each day Iron Mountain discharges huge quantities of      heavy metals including 425 pounds of copper, 1,466 pounds of      zinc, and 10 pounds of cadmium. Acid waters draining from the      site have decimated streams, where the acidity in the water      has been measured as low as minus 3 on the pH scale--10,000      times more acidic than battery acid. Streams downstream from      the mine are nearly devoid of life. Experts have estimated      that at present pollution rates the Iron Mountain site can be      expected to leach acid for at least 3,000 years before the      pollution source is exhausted.       Oronogo Duenweg Superfund Site, Missouri: Drinking wells      near this sprawling complex of lead and zinc mines in      Southwestern Missouri have been contaminated by past mining      activities.       Chino Copper Mine, New Mexico: The mine has been plagued by      spills, leaks and discharges of contaminated mine waste      material. Much of the pollution has spilled into Whitewater      Creek which runs through densely populated communities. In      several incidents in 1987, the mine spilled more than 327,000      gallons of mine wastewater off the site. In 1988 another      spill discharged more than 180 million gallons of mine      wastewater. More than 90,000 gallons of wastewater were      spilled in 1990, and another 120,000 gallons were spilled in      1992.       Brewer Gold Mine, South Carolina: Nearly 11,000 fish were      killed in 1990 when heavy rains cause a containment pond to      breach, dumping more than 10,000 million gallons of cyanide-     laden water into the Lynches River.       DeLamar Mine, Idaho: The DeLalmar silver and gold mine in      Idaho has repeatedly dumped heavy metal laced wastewater into      nearby streams. Migratory waterfowl have been poisoned by      cyanide from its ponds.       Stibnite Mine, Idaho: The Stibnite gold mine has leaked      cyanide into nearby groundwater and the East Fork of the      Salmon River, an important salmon spawning run.       Ray Mine, Arizona: The Ray Mine was polluted nearby      groundwater with toxic levels of copper and Beryllium. In      1990, rainwater washed more than 324,000 gallons of copper-     sulfite contaminated wastewater from the mine into the Gila      River.  Mr. President, what we are doing today--and I am supporting the amendment of the Senator from Washington, Mrs. Murray--is asking the mining industry to take responsibility for their actions, to follow the law as it is clearly written, which limits to 5 acres the mill site, or dump site, they can use for their mining activities. Some of the pictures here--I am sure the Senator from Nevada and others think this picture, as graphic as it is, is ancient. I don't know. There is no date on it, and I won't represent that it is a modern scene, but it shows what unregulated mining has led to. It is a clear indication of a stream that is still in danger because of the pollution from the mining activities.  Modern mining techniques are represented in these photographs, and although they are hard for those following the debate to see, they suggest that when we get into hard-rock mining, we are talking about literally hundreds, if not thousands, of acres that become part of the dump site of this activity. A mining operation, after it has derived the valuable minerals from this Federal public land owned by taxpayers, got out of town and left this behind. So for generations to come, if they fly over, they will look down and say: I wonder who made that mess.  That is as good as it gets under the 1872 mining law. That is a sad commentary. Those who support the Craig-Reid amendment would like us to expand the possibility that these dump sites near the mines would basically be unlimited. They could go on for miles and miles, and we, as taxpayers, would inherit this headache in years to come. There is clearly a need for comprehensive mining reform.  About $4 billion worth of hard-rock minerals--gold, copper, silver, and others--are taken annually from public lands by mining companies without a penny paid to the U.S. taxpayer in royalties--not one cent. That is $4 billion each year out of our land, and not a penny is paid back to the taxpayers.  What would you think about it if your next-door neighbor knocked on the door and said he would like to cut down the trees in your back yard, incidentally, and said he will give you $2.50, and I am sure that is no problem. Of course, it is a problem. It is our property. On that property are treasures of value to us. We are talking about public lands that are our property as American citizens. Those who live in some States believe that that land belongs to them, for whatever they want to use it for. Some of us, as part of the United States of America--``E. Pluribus Unum,'' as it says above the chair of the Presiding Officer, ``of many one''--believe that as one Nation we have an interest in this public land,an interest that goes beyond giving somebody an opportunity to profit and leave a shameful environmental legacy.  Since 1872, there has been more than $240 billion of taxpayer subsidies to the mining industry.  In 1993, the Stillwater Mining Company paid $5 an acre for 2,000 acres of national forest lands containing minerals with an estimated value of $35 billion. I will repeat that. They gave us, as taxpayers, $10,000 for access to $35 billion worth of minerals. Pretty sweet deal for the mining company. Not for the taxpayers.  In 1994, American Barrick Corporation gained title to approximately a thousand acres of public land in Nevada that contained over $10 billion in recoverable gold reserves. Now, for access to $10 billion on Federal public lands, America's lands, how much did they pay? Five thousand one-hundred and forty dollars. A pretty sweet deal.  In 1995, a Danish mining company--not an American company--successfully patented public lands in Idaho containing over $1 billion worth of minerals, and this Danish company paid the American treasury $275--for $1 billion in minerals.  Due to irresponsible mining practices and poor regulation, the mining industry has left behind a legacy of 557,000 hard-rock abandoned mines in 32 States. As the Senator from Washington said earlier, the estimated cost of cleanup is $32 billion to $72 billion.  If this amendment passes that is being pushed on us today, it means there will be more land to be cleaned up. The estimate of $32 billion to $72 billion will grow as the profits are taken out of America's public lands.  There is one case I would like to tell you about: the Zortman-Landuski Mine. The Pegasus Gold Corporation operated these mines for years using Federal and private lands for mining and waste dumping, accumulating numerous citations for water quality violations. In January of 1998, Pegasus Gold Corporation filed for bankruptcy. The mines are now in the hands of a court-appointed judge. But the story gets better. Cost estimates for reclamation of these lands range from $9 million to $120 million. In other words, if we want to clean up the mess they left behind, it will cost taxpayers $9 million to $120 million.  Keep in mind, the amendment before us wants to expand the opportunity to leave that waste behind. More bills for future taxpayers to pay.  I know you are going to like this part. There are questions about whether the mine's reclamation bonds will be sufficient to pay for the cleanup. Here is where it gets good. In the meantime, Pegasus Gold Corporation has petitioned the bankruptcy court to provide $5 million in golden parachutes for departing executives. The same executives who left this trail of contamination now want to take out of the bankrupt corporation $5 million in golden parachutes because they have done such a fine job for the shareholders. They certainly didn't do a fine job for the taxpayers. They didn't do a fine job when it came to the environment.  If this amendment in the Interior Appropriation bill passes, it is an invitation for more greed and more environmental disasters. The mining industry has to accept the responsibility to come to Washington, deal across the table in a fair manner and in good faith to revise this law so they can pay royalties to the taxpayers for what they draw from this land. Instead, what they have done is try to force-feed through the Interior Appropriations bill a change in the law that will say that the number of acres used for disposal of waste and tailings is unlimited--unlimited.  So we will see further environmental disasters which undoubtedly will occur as a result of it.  The Senator from Washington started with the right amendment, an amendment which recognizes our obligation to future generations. It is not enough to make a fast buck or even to create a job today and leave behind a legacy for which future generations will have to pay. We don't accept that in virtually anything. Businesses across America understand that they have an obligation to not only make a profit, to not only employ those who work there, but to also clean up the mess and not contaminate the environment.  We have said that in a civilized nation it is too high a price to pay for those who just want to glean profits and to leave behind pollution of our air and water and other natural resources. For some reason, many people in the mining industry haven't received that message. They believe they can take the minerals from public lands and leave the environmental contamination behind.  