 Mr. President, I rise in support of the amendment to be offered by the Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein.  Let me tell you two things that happened yesterday on Capitol Hill which most people across America would find nothing short of incredible. We had a chance on the floor of the Senate to say that if you went to a gun show and bought a gun, you would be subject to the same law as anyone who walked into a gun dealer. In other words, we would check your background. Are you a felon; do you have a criminal record; do you have a history of violent mental illness?  Before we sell a gun at a gun show, we wanted to make sure there was less likelihood that people would walk in with those problems and walk out with a gun. We were defeated. The National Rifle Association defeated that amendment. Despite the best efforts of Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey and many of us, we were defeated.  Instead, this Senate passed an amendment by the Senator from Idaho which went in the opposite direction and made it easier for people to buy guns without background checks. In fact, the amendment offered by the Senator from Idaho, adopted by this Senate, said you could walk into a pawn shop and buy your gun back without any background check.  What is wrong with that? Five times as many criminal felons put their guns in pawn shops as regular citizens. So what the National Rifle Association did with this amendment by the Senator from Idaho was make it easier for those who use guns in crime to get those guns without a background check.  America has to be standing back and saying: Did the Senate learn anything from what happened in Littleton, CO? Can we do anything to deal with gun violence?  Then, last night, I went to a conference committee on the emergency supplemental bill, and I said to the gathered members of the House and Senate, please, we are considering a bill worth billions of dollars. Can we put some money in to help our schools--$265 million so we can hire more counselors in schools to help troubled children; $100 million for more afterschool programs so that kids can be in a constructive, positive, safe environment. They said no, not a penny. In this emergency supplemental bill, not one penny for America's schools, but $6 billion more for military spending than President Clinton asked for, billions of dollars to be spent around the world for problems which the United States is involved in, but not a penny to be spent on safety in schools.  What a message. What a message coming out of Capitol Hill yesterday. If these are truly representative bodies in the Senate and the House of Representatives, to whom have they been listening? They haven't been listening to the families across America who want us to stand up and do something about gun violence. They have been listening to the National Rifle Association. They haven't been listening to the kids that we met with this morning from all across the United States, who came in and talked about their worries and their concerns about safety in schools. And they sure haven't been listening to the parents, worried to death about another school year and more violence.  If this Senate is going to be truly representative of the people who sent us here, if we are going to do something to show leadership instead of powerlessness to groups like the National Rifle Association, we should pass the amendment of Senator Dianne Feinstein.  Stop these ammunition clips. Who on God's green Earth needs an ammunition clip with 250 bullets in it? If you need that kind of ammunition to go out and shoot a deer, you ought to stick to fishing.  The bottom line is, this amendment is sensible. She is trying to stop those who are buying ammunition clips that are designed to do one thing--kill human beings. Yet, the National Rifle Association says it is our constitutional right to buy these. Ridiculous.  Ask the families across America whether the Dianne Feinstein amendment makes sense and they will say yes. Ask them whether Senator Frank Lautenberg's amendment, to make sure that we check the backgrounds of people before they buy these guns at gun shows, is the sort of thing we want to make certain it is safe for all Americans. They will say yes; that makes sense.  Time and again, we are going to give our colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, on the Senate floor a chance to stand up and decide whether they are going to be for the families across America who want safety in schools or whether they are going to shrink away in cowardice because of the National Rifle Association. Let us do the right thing. Let us adopt Senator Feinstein's amendment.  