President, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for raising this issue. In reply to my colleague, the Senator from Oklahoma, I believe the Senator from Massachusetts is making it clear, now that we know that lurking at least in the backs of the minds of many of the Republican leaders is the idea of an across-the-board cut, to somehow develop an exit strategy, the Senator from Massachusetts reminds us that across-the-board cuts means a cut in education.  Let me give you some specifics, if I might. When I look at the committee report from this education funding bill, I see that if the 5.5-percent cut that is envisioned by some of the Republican leaders is put into place, we will reduce the amount of money for title I, the major Federal educational program for disadvantaged children, to below last year's level of funding. So those who say this is a harmless cut that will never be noticed are not portraying this accurately, I'm afraid.  I am prepared to discuss the facts with the Senator from Oklahoma, and the facts, unfortunately, lead to the conclusion that if we take his across-the-board cut strategy, we are going to cut educational funding below last year's level of spending. In so doing, whom do we jeopardize? Title I, of course, sounds pretty general and pretty bureaucratic, but this program is critically important for 11 million kids across America. Who are these kids? These are the kids most likely to drop out of school; these are the kids most likely to need special help to stay up with their classes and not fall behind; these are the kids who need that extra tutor for reading so they don't get behind the class, get discouraged, and drop out of school or, frankly, become a problem in the classroom. That is what title I is about. That is the program that would be cut by the Senator from Oklahoma.  It is not the only program. The Congressional Budget Office says that the 5.5-percent across-the-board cut that is envisioned by some Republican leaders will cut many other programs as well: $26 million from the COPS Program, a program to put more police on the street and in communities, which is bringing down crime in America. Is there a higher priority? I don't think there is in my State of Illinois. The Head Start Program, from which millions of kids from poor families get a helping hand before they start kindergarten so they can succeed, we would see $290 million cut from that program by this idea of an across-the-board cut. National Institutes of Health: Of all of the progress we have made in improving Federal funding for medical research, we would cut $967 million out of the progress and research into diseases and problems facing American families. I think that is a serious mistake. Title I education grants, a $380 million cut.  Let me tell you some of the other cuts in education effected by this Republican strategy of across-the-board cuts. Afterschool programs: All of us stood on this floor in horror over what happened at Columbine High School in Littleton, CO. We knew something went wrong in a very good school. Children lost their lives. We said: What is it that we need to do to protect our kids in school and to make sure fewer kids go astray? We were told by the experts time and time again that we need counselors at the schools to seek out troubled kids, and we need programs at the schools so kids can use their time effectively.  An across-the-board cut would reduce the amount of money available to American schools for afterschool programs. By reducing that amount of money, it is just going to lessen our opportunity to reach out to kids who need something constructive to do in a supervised environment after school. So when my friends on the Republican side say that the easy way out, the painless way, is an across-the-board cut, they don't want to face reality. Those cuts will touch people who need a helping hand. They are going to touch kids who might drop out of school. They are going to cut afterschool programs. They are going to cut the kind of tutoring we need to make sure that kids succeed.  In this day and time, at this time in our history, with the prosperity of the American economy, with the strength of this budget and of our budget process, have we reached a point where we have no recourse but to cut the most basic program for America--education? I think not. The President has come up with a list of offsets that will preserve the Social Security trust fund and still keep our budget in balance. I urge this Senate to adopt the amendment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts.  