 President, first, this bill passes an ultimate test that any bill has to pass that is of consequence.  This bill passes one of the strictest tests that something must pass in the Senate in order to get something done, and that is, it is bipartisan. It is bipartisan because of the leadership of Senator Baucus, and I thank him.  We have been hearing quite a bit about this legislation. Most of the complaints have been about what is not in the bill. I would like to have those who are complaining to focus on what is in the bill. Everyone needs to know that a vote against cloture is a vote against the items in this bill. This is a recorded vote, for which we will all be held accountable. The conference is closed. The House has voted overwhelmingly for this bill. If this bill does not get cloture, it is a dead bill.  Vote to end the Euro sanctions against U.S. exporters. They are now 12 percent. They will be 17 percent by March. Those sanctions hit farm products, timber, paper, citrus, and manufacturing. There are people being laid off because of these sanctions against our exports. A vote against cloture is a vote to continue the sanctions.  Farms and businesses shoulder this burden because Congress has failed so far to act. The manufacturing tax cut to create jobs in America that is in this bill goes to large and small corporations, family-held S corporations, partnerships, sole proprietorships, farmers, and co-ops. This $76 billion portion of this bill is only for manufacturing in the United States. It is not creating jobs offshore because it does not benefit manufacturing offshore.  Are you going to vote against giving individuals a deduction for the State sales tax against their Federal income tax that is in this bill? This bill is the most comprehensive agricultural, small business, and rural community incentive tax package ever. A vote against cloture is a vote against benefits in this bill that will help value-added agriculture.  The bill contains VEETC; 37 of our 50 States will receive more highway money because of the provisions in this bill. VEETC and this bill's provisions that shut down fuel tax fraud will put over $24 billion into the highway trust fund alone. This provision alone will create 674,000 new jobs across the country. A vote against cloture is a vote against highway money for your State.  A vote against cloture is a vote against highway jobs for construction of highways in your State. The energy package in the bill includes new incentives for biodiesel. This provision means jobs in our heartland, over 150,000 new jobs.  The bill accelerates production of natural gas from Alaska and the construction of a pipeline to carry it to the lower 48 States. This will create nearly 400,000 jobs in construction, trucking, manufacturing, and other sectors.  This bill devotes over $2 billion to section 45, renewable electricity production credit. This was a high priority for Senators Bingaman, Smith, Daschle, Hatch, Baucus, Snowe, Breaux, Lincoln, Conrad, Bunning, and Gregg.   The small business package in this bill extends small business expensing for another 2 years, and contains significant S corporation reforms. S corporation reform has always been a high priority in the Senate because it helps family-owned businesses.  A provision in this bill expands the new markets tax credit to help economic development in rural counties.  We have included also the Civil Rights Tax Fairness Act. We included a National Health Service Corps loan program to enhance the delivery of medical services to rural areas.  The bill provides all these benefits, nearly $140 billion worth, and this is a revenue-neutral bill, which means this bill does not add one dime to the Federal deficit.  It is all paid for by shutting down corporate expatriation to Bermuda, tax shelter leasing abuses by corporations, and ends all the Enron-type tax shelter deals. This is the most tough antitax shelter measure since 1986.  This bill contains some of the most important international tax reforms in decades, bringing foreign earnings home for investment in the United States instead of investing overseas, hence creating jobs in the United States.  We have heard complaints from Senator Landrieu because the bill does not contain her reservist amendment. I would like to make it clear that Senator Baucus and I offered that amendment on her behalf. We came up with a way to pay for that. All Senate conferees, Republican and Democrat, voted for it. The conference was open to the public. There were no backroom deals. The House, the other body, rejected it.  Voting down this bill will not bring back the reservist amendment. The conference is closed.  There is a great deal of good in this bill. We can rescue the manufacturing sector; we can end European Union sanctions on our farmers; we can respond to the recent rise of gas prices by supporting renewable fuels, and we can shut down every known tax abuse. Vote to finish the job. Vote for cloture. It is time to pass this very important bill.  I yield the floor.  