  There has been some grumbling about how much the bill grew beyond the simple repeal of foreign sales corporations' extraterritorial income provisions. One of the reasons it grew is because the Finance Committee found sufficient offsets, most of which are loophole closers--loophole closers Senator Kerry spoke about in the debate, that he wanted to close. We did this to allow Members to have enough revenue to offset particular Senators' interests in this bill.  This is also true of Senator Landrieu's reservist amendment. Not only did we support it but we found a way to pay for it. We modified the foreign housing exclusion for high-income U.S. employees working overseas. Unfortunately, the House rejected that offset, and in turn the specific amendment.  I think the Senate is being distracted by too much emphasis upon particular specific Member priorities. I believe the core benefits of the bill should not be sacrificed to narrow items. The core benefits go to manufacturers. It is all about creating jobs in particular, particularly about creating jobs in manufacturing in America, where there has been some concern expressed in the Senate about outsourcing. So that is what this bill is all about. That is not to say we did not attempt to include a number of Members' issues from both sides of the aisle, and from both bodies of Congress. There was a balance that needed to be struck in order to get a compromise out of the conference committee. I committed to Chairman Thomas that I would defend the mark as a whole. Chairman Thomas made a similar commitment. That commitment enabled us to accommodate Member items that had broad support.  Let's finish the job this week before we leave. There is no excuse for allowing partisanship to hold up this bill. I will remind everyone, one more time, this bill passed the Senate Finance Committee on a bipartisan vote, 19 to 2. Only two Senators, both on my side of the aisle, not on the Democrats' side, voted against this bill. Both of those Senators, however, put their own special concerns aside for the greater good, and are supporting this conference report. This is a bipartisan bill that reflects everyone's concerns, both Republican and Democrat.  I will describe once again the history of this bill. The JOBS bill was a bipartisan bill from the ground up. The framework was laid by Senator Baucus when he was chairman of the Senate Finance Committee in the year 2002. In July 2002 we had a hearing to address the FSC/ETI controversy within the World Trade Organization. We have heard from a cross-section of industries that would be damaged by the repeal of the extraterritorial income laws we had on the books for the last few years. We also heard from U.S. companies that were clamoring for international tax reform, because our tax rules were hurting their competitiveness in foreign markets. Their foreign competitors were running circles around them because of our international tax rules.  During this hearing, Senator Bob Graham of Florida and Senator Hatch expressed concerns about how our international tax laws were impairing the competitiveness of U.S. companies. After some discussion back there in the fall of 2002, we formed a blue ribbon commission to study this problem. We all decided that decisive action was more important than a commission. During that hearing, Chairman Baucus formed an international tax working group that was joined by Senator Graham, Senator Hatch, and this Senator, and was open to any other Finance Committee Senator interested in participating.  The bipartisan Finance Committee working group developed a framework that formed the basis of the bill that is before us this very day. We directed our staff to engage in an exhaustive analysis of the many international reform proposals that have been offered. We sought to glean the very best ideas from as many sources as possible. Senator Baucus and I also formed a bipartisan bicameral working group, with the chairman and ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee, in an effort to find some common ground on dealing with the repeal of FSC/ETI. That effort did not go so well. But it did inspire Senator Baucus and this Senator to continue our Senate bipartisan development of a FSC/ETI repeal and international tax reform package.  We continued our efforts in cooperation with Senator Hatch and Senator Graham and a few other members of the Finance Committee who wanted to do what was fair and right in complying with the World Trade Organization ruling. We continued our bipartisan efforts when I became chairman--again, in the year 2003. In July 2003 we held two hearings on the FSC/ETI and the international reform issues. One hearing focused on the effect of our tax policies on business competition within the United States and the other on international business competition. These two hearings led to the bipartisan Senate bill that passed earlier, 92 to 5.  Let me review what is in the bill before us, because most of it comes from our bipartisan Senate bill. The core part of the bill repeals the current FSC/ETI provisions that are in our current tax law and were ruled out of order by the World Trade Organization because they are contrary even to the laws of our own Congress.  FSC/ETI reduces the income tax on goods manufactured in the U.S. and exported overseas by as much as 3 to 8 rate points. That is, if a corporation's tax rate is 35 percent, the tax rate on export income is somewhere between 27 and 32 percent instead of that maximum of 35 percent.  It lowered the U.S. corporate rate on goods made in the United States and sold overseas to make us competitive because of the fact that the European Union and those countries do not export their value-added tax. The World Trade Organization has determined that the FSC/ETI is an impermissible export subsidy and has authorized the European Union to impose up to $4 billion a year of sanctions against U.S. exports until we get rid of FSC/ETI, which this bill does.  Those sanctions begin March 1. They are up as high as 12 percent right now. They can go up as high as 17 percent. They can even go higher than that if the European Union institutes longer phase-ins.  Our companies carry this burden because Congress has failed to act for 2 or 3 years. That is why we must pass this bill before we leave Washington for our campaigning.  This should be a very serious concern of all Members because the sanctions are hitting commodity products such as agricultural goods, timber and paper, as well as other manufactured products. Presently, about 89 percent of the FSC-ETI export benefits go to the manufacturing sector.  Repeal of FSC-ETI raises around $55 billion over 10 years. If that money isnot sent back into the manufacturing sector, which this bill does, there will be a $50 billion tax increase on manufacturing. It is mathematically impossible for it doing anything else.  That is why the bill before us takes all $55 billion of the FSC-ETI repeal money and sends it back to the manufacturing sector in the form of a 3-point tax rate cut on manufacturing income; in other words, that corporate tax of 35 percent being reduced down to 32 percent.  This tax rate is for manufacturing in the United States. No company that manufacturers offshore will benefit from it. We start phasing in those cuts next year. The cuts apply to sole proprietors, partnerships, farmers, individuals, family businesses, multinational corporations, and foreign companies that set up manufacturing plants in the United States.  In total, this bill provides over $76 billion of tax relief to our U.S.-based manufacturing sector to promote factory hiring in the United States--$76 billion not lost to the Federal Treasury because it is offset.  This bill also contains another $7 billion for small businesses, local communities, inland shipping, and other local business concerns.  There has been chatter in the press about the short-line railroad provision benefiting big railroad companies. That is not true. Short lines are the small spurs that run off of the main railway systems and generally connect to local community businesses such as our grain elevators and our small factories. They connect them to the main rail arteries. They are often owned by small rail companies or local community businesses. This short-rail provision is vital to farming and rural communities across America, as well as secondary cities that do not have the benefit of massive public rail systems.  This bill also contains an agricultural and small business package which devotes $5 billion to our home communities.  As I said before, this is probably the most comprehensive agricultural and rural community tax incentive package ever passed by the Congress.  We also include international tax reforms, mostly in foreign tax credit areas, and most of which benefit the manufacturing sector.  The international tax reforms largely fix problems our domestic companies face with the complexities of the foreign tax credit. These reforms are necessary if we are to level the playing field for U.S. companies that compete with our trading partners, particularly those companies that are in countries that have value-added tax and they don't export that tax like we export our income tax as part of our cost of production.  You will hear arguments that the international reforms provide an incentive to move jobs offshore. Read the bill and you will find that is not true. We have carefully selected international reforms that do not provide offshore incentives.  Our bill also includes a House version of the Homeland Reinvestment Act which will temporarily reduce tax on foreign earnings that are brought into the United States for investment here at home instead of overseas. The Senate version of this provision is the work of Senators Ensign, Boxer, and Smith, a bipartisan measure.  We included a provision that allows naval shipbuilders to use a method of accounting which results in more favorable income tax treatment.  There are enhanced depreciation provisions to help the ailing airline industry.  The bill also expands the new markets tax credit to high outmigration counties. These credits help economic development in rural counties that have lost over 10 percent of their population.  We have also included the Civil Rights Tax Fairness Act. We have a special dividend allocation rule which benefits farm cooperatives.  We have other farm provisions that give cattlemen tax-free treatment if they replace livestock because of drought, flood, or other weather-related conditions--things all beyond the control of the farmer.  We included a provision that allows payments under the National Health Service Corps loan repayment program to be exempt from tax. This is an important measure to enhance the delivery of medical services to rural areas that do not have the proper number of health practitioners.  The bill before us contains several energy provisions that were voted out of the Finance Committee that had been previously approved by the full Senate in the JOBS bill.  I have already spoken about VEETC, which is short for volumetric ethanol excise tax credit. This provision would add up to $14.2 billion of revenue to the highway trust fund over the 6-year life of the upcoming transportation bill now pending before Congress. This provision alone could create as many as 674,000 new jobs in America.  The energy tax package also includes a new incentive for the production of renewable biodiesel--biodiesel made from soybeans--and hence, mixed at a 20-percent mixture with petroleum diesel, clean burning, no sulfur in that 20 percent, as an example of being environmentally friendly.  Anyway, the biodiesel provision means jobs in our heartland. Renewable fuels have directly generated over 150,000 new jobs. In fact, in 2004 alone, this industry will add 22,000 new jobs.  The bill also includes a provision to accelerate the production of natural gas from Alaska and the construction of a natural gas pipeline from Alaska to the lower 48 States. According to our own Department of Labor's Bureau of Economic Analysis, construction of the Alaska natural gas pipeline would create nearly 400,000 jobs in construction, trucking, manufacturing, and other service sectors.  The bill provides all of this tax relief, nearly $140 billion worth, and yet is revenue neutral, meaning we reduce taxes over here, close corporate loopholes over here, raise a certain amount of money to make up for what is less taxation over here. It is revenue neutral--no additional money added, no additional dollars added to the national debt; not one dime to the Federal deficit.  The tax relief in this bill is paid for by extending Customs user fees, shutting down abusive corporate tax shelters, and attacking the abusive tax strategy used by Enron, which we unearthed during my Finance Committee Enron investigation.  Last October, the Finance Committee held hearings on the status of these abusive corporate tax shelter activities. During that hearing, we received anonymous testimony from a leasing industry executive describing how U.S. corporations are able to take tax deductions for the pair of sewer lines in the New York subway station.  Let me explain ``anonymous.'' This meant the person was testifying before the committee. We knew who he was, but he was not identified to the public. But he knew what he was talking about. We have a situation where major corporations, through these abusive tax shelters, are claiming tax deductions on taxpayer-funded infrastructure, mostly by municipalities located both in the United States and overseas. Imagine our surprise on the Senate Finance Committee to learn that the U.S. taxpayer is subsidizing the cost of electric transmission lines in the Australian outback. No one believes that, but it showed up in our investigation.  I could go on with a lot of other examples, but the bill before the Senate ends this corporate tax shelter abuse.  It was shortly after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks that we saw the beginning of the exodus of U.S. companies moving their corporate headquarters to tax havens overseas, just setting up a shell corporation, basically just a mailbox, for the sole purpose of evading U.S. corporate taxes. It was the events of September 11, 2001, and the ensuing stock market plunge that provided companies with cost-efficient ways to get out of the United States. That is one thing, but to get out of the United States just to cheat on their taxes and leaving everything else in the United States--that is the problem.  Members may recall the video I played for some members in which a big four accounting firm partner said that U.S. companies were resistant to this scheme out of some post-September 11 sense of patriotism and national duty. This big four accounting firm partner said patriotism would have to take a back seat when they see their improved earnings per share. Isn't that a nice thing to be talkingabout within 2 or 3 months after losing 3,000 Americans in the terrorist attacks on New York City and the Pentagon?  In this bill before the Senate, patriotism is not taking a back seat. This bill includes measures to shut down this type of corporate expatriations that are there for the sole purpose of dashing from the country and stashing the cash, as opposed to those patriotic corporations that are staying in America and paying and playing here.  I am not pleased with the effective date that came out of the conference, but this bill does shut down for the future more of these corporate tax shelter abuses that we call inversions. They are done. In fact, this bill represents the most comprehensive attack on tax shelters since 1986.  There is a great deal of good in this bill. We can rescue the manufacturing sector. We can give companies less reason to outsource because the cost of capital--as one of the arguments for outsourcing--will be less if this bill passes.  We also end European Union sanctions. By passing this bill we can respond to the recent rise in gas prices through our encouragement of more renewable fuels, and we can shut down every known corporate tax shelter abuse.  It is time to pass what is a very important bill to aid our manufacturing sector, remove tariffs off our farmers' backs, create jobs for our workers, and to place the Senate back on its footing, to do its job, and move legislation that benefits the American working men and women.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  