 President, we are involved in debate on a nongermane amendment the Democrats have offered on which we Republicans have said we are willing to vote, assuming we can have finality on this legislation and make sure we get to conference.  In the meantime, while those procedural issues are being worked out, I wish to express some views on the subject of minimum wage.  The proponents of this legislation claim they want to make sure that workers are able to earn a livable wage. Who doesn't know that is necessary for people to get along in this world? It is not very clear to me what the term ``livable wage'' means. But those who use the term seem to believe a person working at a minimum wage ought to earn more than the poverty level.  So let us consider that goal for a moment. Although there is more than one way to define poverty, the Department of Health and Human Services publishes the poverty guidelines each year. These guidelines are used to determine eligibility for low-income programs like food stamps. For a single individual, the poverty guideline then would be $9,310 a year. Under current law, any job subject to the Federal minimum wage must pay at least $5.15 an hour. Assuming a person worked 40 hours a week, 52 weeks a year, at a minimum wage, they would earn over $10,000 a year. Even after deducting Federal income taxes owed on this amount, a minimum wage worker is left with more money than the poverty guidelines.  I would like to repeat that a full-time minimum wage worker already earns more than the poverty level.  Now, is that a livable wage? The answer is that it depends. Even in my State of Iowa not very many people would say that is very ideal; in fact, just the opposite. Most people would look for much higher than that. According to the Census Bureau, more than 2 million workers have hourly wages at or below the minimum wage. More than one-fourth of these workers are between the ages of 16 and 19.  So is $5.15 an hour a livable wage? If one is a teenager living at home with their parents, they probably feel like they are making a lot of money. But what about other minimum wage workers? According to the Census Bureau, 85 percent of the people earning the minimum wage live with their parents, have a working spouse or live alone. Only 15 percent of the minimum wage workers are trying to support a family.  For those few who are trying to support a family, $5.15 an hour is obviously not enough income. Fortunately, these families do not have to get by on $5.15 an hour because under current law these families are eligible for Federal assistance through the earned income tax credit and through the food stamp program, two programs that are meant to encourage people into the workforce in a way that there is good return on it.  A single mom with two children working full-time at minimum wage would qualify for more than $4,000 in refundable tax credits and more than $2,000 in food stamps. On an hourly basis, that works out to more than $8 an hour. Even after Federal taxes are withheld, a single mom with two children is left with more than $15,670, which is the poverty guideline for a family of three. Thus, the debate cannot really be about getting people out of poverty.  Some people might say that these workers should not have to rely on Government programs to escape poverty, and those people working would look for a day in the future when they were making enough money that they would not qualify for the earned income tax credit or qualify for food stamps. But other people might say that employers should not be so cheap, that they ought to pay their employees more than the poverty level wages.  As I have just explained, the poverty level varies by the size of the families. Employers cannot pay their workers based on the size of their families. I do not know that they ever have. When one stops at a local donut shop, they do not charge $5 on Tuesday when the cashier is a teenager living at home with his parents and then charge $7 on Thursday when the cashier is a single mom raising two children. That is not the way the real world of economics or the business place works. Any business that tried to do things that way would no longer be in business.  The wages earned by workers are determined by the value that consumers place on the goods and services produced by the workers. Employers cannot pay their employees more than customers are willing to pay. In fact, in most cases, customers do havechoices of where to buy their goods and services. They do not have to stop at the local donut shop. If they want to, they can eat at home, or some may just decide to do without.  Those who support raising the minimum wage claim that they are helping workers earn a livable wage, but if Congress could wave a magic wand and if Congress would raise wages by legislative decree, why would they stop at $7 an hour? Why not $70? Why not $700? Then everybody could be a millionaire.  The reason supporters of a minimum wage stop at $7 is because they know if the minimum wage is raised higher it means yet higher prices and fewer jobs. To deny these facts is to deny economic reality.  Proof? There is plenty of proof. It is very evident by the fact that no one has proposed raising the minimum wage to $70 or $700 an hour. Raising the minimum wage by $7 or $70 or $700 all have ensuing ill effects. The only difference is the smaller the increase the smaller the effect. Those who support a smaller increase are hoping that by only raising the minimum wage to $7, the price increases and the job losses will be small enough that no one will complain too loudly.  Minimizing the damage will not stop the damage. Raising the minimum wage to $7 an hour is going to cost employers $6 billion a year. That is a $6 billion tax increase on a small segment of our economy, particularly the small business sector of the economy. Ironically, out of those costs of $6 billion, roughly $5 billion will go to workers who are not supporting a family while $1 billion is going to go to workers who are supporting a family.  In other words, raising the minimum wage for everyone means only $1 out of every $6 goes to those who are most in need and particularly those we are trying to help with this bill to move people from welfare to work. That is a very expensive way to help low-income families.  One might try to justify this costly and inefficient policy if it were the only way to help those in need, but as I have already discussed raising the minimum wage is not about getting people out of poverty. A single mom working full-time at the minimum wage, with one or two children, is already out of poverty, thanks to the earned income tax credit and thanks to food stamps. If we want to help low income workers, we should support policies like the earned income tax credit and food stamps that provide help to those who need it the most.  Congress does not have a magic wand. It cannot repeal the law of supply and demand.  I yield the floor.  