 President, I want to respond somewhat to the Senator from Massachusetts.  First of all, I hope he understands this is a Monday--not that Monday isnot just as important as any other day of the week. But it was announced last week there would be no votes today. His amendment doesn't have anything to do with votes today, but there are a lot of Members not here who ought to have some input when a nongermane amendment comes up. So I object for the reasons of myself as well as others.  Also, you can see from the debate of the Senator from Massachusetts that he feels very strongly about the importance of that amendment which he offers on the minimum wage. There is nothing wrong with the issue of the minimum wage coming up. But for this Senator from Iowa, who is chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, with issues I am trying to respond to in a bipartisan way, and to issues that are raised as much from the other side of the aisle as they are from this side of the aisle--I mentioned the FSC/ETI bill of 2 weeks ago. I mentioned the welfare reform bill this week. There is a bipartisan consensus--maybe I should not say consensus--there is an agreement we ought to have the legislation before the Senate and passed. In the face of FSC/ETI, it was responding as much from the other side as this side that that legislation to encourage manufacturing in the United States, to create jobs in the United States ought to pass. When it comes to a vote, it will probably pass 90-10. But the legislation was held up 2 weeks ago by people on the other side of the aisle with nongermane amendments.  Now we have welfare reform, sunset last October. We have extended it two or three times since then, so we have to continue the welfare reform programs. There is a consensus we ought to deal with this legislation and get some permanency to our welfare-to-work legislation. What happened? Right out of the box, people from the other side of the aisle--legitimate issues or not--are trying to stop legislation immediately in its tracks that will pass this body by a very wide margin. Have they ever thought maybe some of these pieces of legislation ought to stand on their own rather than hooking them onto bills unrelated to theirs?  I don't object to the issue of increasing the minimum wage. What I object to is the constant harassment on the part of people on the other side of the aisle to keeping legislation from moving along very quickly that everybody knows needs to pass. This is just not Republican pieces of legislation dealing with welfare reform. It is just not Republican legislation dealing with encouraging manufacturing and creating jobs in manufacturing in America. These pieces of legislation are doing what the Senate ought to be doing to get things done, working in a bipartisan way.  If you work in a bipartisan way to bring legislation to the floor of the Senate, why is the other side of the aisle always trying to slow down that legislation? It seems to me that is what we are dealing with. There are times to deal with pieces of legislation, but not in this way, harassing all the time.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitzgerald). The Senator from Nevada.  