 President, first of all, I think, based upon my close working relationship with the Senator from Montana and our work on guiding the Finance Committee, from what he said, I have just one disagreement with his position. I think the difference between what he said and the position I am taking is that I, myself, as leader of the committee, want to do things through regular order. I think we can do things through regular order.  But just in case we cannot, since this tax policy is so important to working men and women--not increasing their taxes next year is so important--I want the insurance policy a reconciliation package gives us, just in case there is something unpredictable out there.  Now, I do not think I would have said that same thing in 2001, I would not have said that same thing in 2003, where I believed we needed to absolutely pass something that was going to be so controversial that it would not pass maybe except by reconciliation.  In this particular case, I believe we are going to have the spirit, the bipartisanship to get this stuff done without going through reconciliation. So I think that is the only place I disagree with my colleague. In other words, I am speaking for the budget resolution as it came out of the Budget Committee.  But what we are setting the stage for is a debate on whether the Finance Committee will have an opportunity to reduce taxes for families and children or, in this particular case where we already have these tax reductions in place, to keep them from automatically, without a vote of the Congress, going up next year.  I want to underscore the word ``opportunity,'' because that is what this debate is all about today on the budget resolution, an opportunity--with some assurance because of reconciliation as a shotgun behind the door--for tax reduction.  This vote is not about the tax reduction itself. That debate and vote will come later, on the product of our committee, the Finance Committee, when we mark up tax reduction legislation. This vote today is about whether we will consider the tax reduction under reconciliation or the possibility of using reconciliation because reconciliation, just plain and simple, as we sit here today, is the only way that we can guarantee tax relief to the American people in a timely fashion.  Now, there have been some very strong statements made by some on the other side of the aisle about tax relief and about reconciliation. Let me say to those who are worried about this instruction, I, as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, plan to use this as a backstop, not as my primary tool.  My hope is that we deliver family tax relief through regular order. I will not use this instruction, should it survive this vote in conference, unless we have to. We have reconciled tax cuts on several occasions--1995, 1997, 1999, 2001, and we did it last year.  The opposition is not based on precedent. The precedent is very clear. The measures we are talking about are supported on both sides of the aisle. I am talking about the child tax credit, the marriage penalty relief, and expansion of the 10-percent bracket.  Let's be clear. If the Congress does not act, we are talking about a tax increase for nearly every American who pays taxes. It will also help out a lot of low-income families with a refundable child tax credit, if we can deliver this relief. That is another thing I would suggest to people on the other side. If they want a refundable child credit and we get into a hassle where it cannot be done through regular order, it would seem to me they would want to have a process of reconciliation because it guarantees finality. You never get anything until you get to the finality of votes.  A bigger tax credit is a better tax credit. A tax benefit under refundability of $300 per child means a lot to hard-working men and women in my State, and every State. Keep in mind the opposition has no problem with raising taxes in reconciliation. Somehow that is OK. It has been done many times. If the 1993 Clinton tax increase were repealed today, it would score over $1 trillion over 10 years. Who is to say that a $1 trillion tax increase is appropriate in reconciliation, that somehow you can use the process of reconciliation guaranteeing finality, cutting off debate after 20 hours, OK, if you want to raise taxes. That would be for a $1 trillion tax increase. But somehow it is wrong to do it for a $90 billion tax reduction. Democrats, in 1993, used reconciliation--within their rights from our view--to further their President's program, a partisanly designed major tax increase. Eleven years later, we are faced with a different situation, though I am hopeful more than one Member on the other side will support the final product. Republicans, by a razor-thin edge, control the Congress and have a President of our party in the White House.  I want to make another point that, for those of us on this side of the aisle, is very compelling, especially in the context of our side's concessions in the power-sharing agreement. We believe the Byrd amendment should not be necessary. Reconciliation affords us a backstop to ensure that tax relief stays in place. I hope the Finance Committee will not need reconciliation. Hopefully,one way or the other, we will get this tax relief.  A vote against the Byrd amendment is a vote for an insurance policy that tax relief will get to American families.  In closing, I point out this would be a hypothetical family, but presently for the year 2004, this family would be paying $6,000 a year in taxes. If we don't do anything before this year is out, then automatically certain provisions are going to expire. This family, starting January 1, 2005, is going to be hit with a 26-percent tax increase. You can see it would go up $600 because the $1,000-per-child tax credit would expire. When the marriage penalty relief expires, that family is going to pay $911 more. Why? Just because they are married. If they weren't married, they wouldn't be stuck with this, if they were filing separately. Then because they are going to have expiration of the 10-percent bracket expansion, they will pay $100 more. That is $1,611 more in taxes because of inaction by this Congress.  That is wrong. We have a chance to do something about it. We ought to do something about it. I think we can do something about it in a bipartisan way through regular order. But in case we cannot, because this body gets locked up too often--call it a filibuster, it is locked up, no finality. It takes a 60-vote supermajority to overcome it; sometimes you can't overcome it. Then for this family, they ought to be entitled to a reconciliation, shotgun, behind-the-door process so we can guarantee them no tax increase.  It is one thing for us to vote a tax increase: it is another thing to have a tax increase because of inaction by this Congress. That could happen. I don't want that to happen. It doesn't have to happen this way. We can use regular order. But we ought to provide some assurance to this family that they don't get a 26-percent increase in taxes.  I yield the floor.  