 President, I rise to continue to speak about the Foreign Sales Corporation Extraterritorial Income Act that is before Congress that we call the JOBS and manufacturing act. I wish to bring the Senate up to date on the status of this not just as a jobs bill but as a major economic policy legislation.  This, of course, is bipartisan legislation. This is legislation that was designed to respond to the World Trade Organization's adverse ruling on a benefit under the old law for U.S. exporters and to bring our law into conformity with that World Trade Organization ruling, but to do it in a way thatactually creates jobs in America and emphasizes domestic manufacturing so American manufacturers are going to benefit from this legislation on what they do in the United States, not what they do overseas.  Foreign corporations that come into the United States are going to benefit under this legislation as long as they set up plants and manufacture in the United States. This bill has an acronym, J-O-B-S, and it is truly jobs-creating legislation.  We have problems with this now because some people who even support this legislation want to stall it so they can use it as a vehicle for getting some of their pet projects through the Senate. When everybody is saying, and rightly so, that we have not created enough jobs in manufacturing and we have a bill before the Senate that will do it, I do not know why anybody would want to hold this bill up, but there is a playing of politics and, in my view, then when one plays politics, the people's business is neglected.  First, there is a lot in this bill on which we all agree: The tax benefit I refer to is the foreign sales corporation extraterritorial income benefit. That benefit provides a roughly 5-percent corporate rate tax cut for U.S. exporters of manufactured products.  As everyone knows, there is a disturbing economic statistic about U.S. manufacturing and that was that there was a downturn in the manufacturing index starting March of 2000. I emphasize that because everybody thinks this recession started under President Bush, but if one looks at the manufacturing index, they would find the manufacturing index started to turn down March of 2000. It just now has bottomed out and it is just now that it looks as if there is going to be an increase in hiring in manufacturing.  Fortunately, with the tax relief in place in this bill and with other stimulative measures that have been passed last year, manufacturing has come back. Unfortunately, manufacturing employment has not come back to previous levels, and that is what this bill deals with. Both sides, meaning both Democrat and Republican, agree there is a problem with the loss of manufacturing jobs. Both sides also agree that the loss of this previous benefit will result in a tax increase on U.S. manufacturers. Following the simple rules of Economics 101, if something is taxed higher, there is less of it.  There is some dissent on my side of the aisle, the Republican side, which I want to mention so that I am candid in not everybody who opposes this bill is on the Democrat side.  We have Senator Kyl and Senator Nickles, as an example. They are Republicans. They question the wisdom of the current law benefit.  I was also surprised to hear last week that one Member from the other side--quite a liberal Member, as a matter of fact--in effect agreed with Senator Kyl and Senator Nickles. That Member questioned the wisdom of the foundation of this bill--the tax deduction for domestic manufacturers. That Member took to task, as he said, the authors of the legislation.  I wonder if that Member bothered to check to see the authors were also Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee. In fact, every member of the Senate Finance Committee who is a Democrat voted for this bill to come out of committee.  In any event, with the exceptions noted--meaning one Democrat plus Senator Kyl and Senator Nickles, also--there is general agreement on both sides that we need to replace current law with a manufacturing benefit which will agree with the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, the international agreement that decides the rules of trade.  Conversely, I have not heard anyone say it is wise to sit idly by while our exports get hit with tariffs put on our products in a legal way by Europe, causing our products to be uncompetitive.  In general, both sides agree we need to deal with this tariff problem. We need to deal with this adverse World Trade Organization ruling. Both sides agree we have a responsibility to remove the tariffs against our exports. But yet there doesn't seem to be agreement it should have been done yesterday. It is OK if it is done down the road in another 6 months when we have another 6 percent tariff put on. At least that appears to me to be the way some people are acting.  If we agree on the problem and on the substance of this bill, why can't the job be done? Why can't this bill get to the President? It appears to me the two sides disagree on the outcome for this bill.  I think dealing with this bill goes to the heart of our responsibility as a Senate. We take an oath to uphold the Constitution. The Constitution provides Senators with a unique power somewhat different than in the House of Representatives. That unique power also carries unique responsibilities. Where there is a compelling public policy problem and there is a consensus around the legislation that solves that problem, it is our responsibility as Senators to do everything in our power to make it happen.  Said another way: If we have a bill before the Senate that is going to pass the Senate 90-10, or by a wider margin than that, and there is an agreement it ought to be done, why doesn't it get done?  We all know the Senate is an institution that renders easily to gridlock and to delay. I suppose we would have to blame our Founding Fathers because they contemplated a Senate where the majority would set the agenda and the minority defines its agenda with amendments and debate. Those powers of delay and obstruction are properly resorted to when the majority is ramming something through on a partisan agenda. There is, however, a reflective responsibility on the part of the minority leadership and its members where the legislative item is a bipartisan product. That seems to me to be a responsibility to be constructive. It is irresponsible then for minority leadership and members of the minority to obstruct a consensus item.  It is the height of irresponsibility to obstruct and delay when the item is a bipartisan compelling matter such as this bill is. It is simple. Is the United States going to abide by international agreements we have already approved in this Senate?  It is our responsibility to set an example for the rest of the world because we are outstanding in exemplifying the rule of law and the protection of individual freedoms. Some people might say we ought to give that notoriety to England because our law comes from England. But I think you would all agree when it comes to individual freedom we have even advanced beyond England.  Are we going to have a constructive approach to this legislation? I have to say to my fellow Senators: It is in our hands. Either we can continue to play these political games or we can do the job we were elected to do.  Some have said something such as we will take a limited time on amendments. That misses the point. The point is the majority is led by Senator Frist. We have all played this game straight. The majority amendments to this bill have improved the bill in ways that will get even more votes for it. All those amendments we have offered have been bipartisan.  For example, the Hatch-Murray amendment on research and development credit and the Bunning-Stabenow amendment on accelerating the manufacturing deduction--you recognize those Senators' names immediately and know there is one Democrat and one Republican. That is the way things get done in the Senate.  The Democratic leadership has taken this bipartisan bill and turned it into a political football.  We have an amendment on overtime that was previously voted on and that is a sticking point.  There are other showstoppers planned by the Democratic leadership. In this case, you have one side--the majority--using the power of setting the agenda in a constructive way. I define that constructive way as bipartisan because nothing gets done in the Senate that is not bipartisan.  Then you have the other side--the Democratic side--using its power of amendments and the power of delay solely for politically destructive purposes.  That imbalance can't last for long. If it does last for long, the Senate is brought to a halt. It is kind of like the law of physics. For every action there is a reaction.  There shouldn't be this kind of tension on a must-do--in other words, amust-pass--bipartisan bill. When it is this way on a must-pass bipartisan bill, something is out of whack. Republicans will eventually be fed up with the gamesmanship on the other side. It will mean the Republican political amendments--those which the Democrats do not like--are going to be brought up because for every action there is a reaction. That is going to lead to a vicious circle and this bipartisan bill will be more bogged down than it is presently.  Another route Republicans could take is to switch to an agenda item that is not like this one. It would be a bill that has heavy political overtones. It would not be as compelling as this bill. It probably wouldn't necessarily be a must-pass bill.  Again, if we were to do that, the victim would be this very good must-pass bipartisan bill.  From the Republican side, let me say to every Democrat, we don't want to go that way. We will do everything we can to avoid going that way.  Maybe the Democratic leadership thinks a designed plan to deter us from taking care of the people's business is good politics. Blame the Republicans, they may be thinking. They may be thinking: We have a liberal press, we can get away with it. They will protect us. They do all the time, anyway. It is kind of an encouragement. Maybe they think it is more important than actually helping the workers which this bill will help; and the U.S. businesses that are at risk because of this Euro tax; in other words, the European tariff on our products going from the United States to Europe.  It isn't that simple. There will be accountability. There has always been in the case of cloture votes. We don't want to go the route of a cloture vote. None of us want to go there again. But we could go there again. There is a petition on file. The American people expect us to do our jobs and not play politics.  I have talked about our responsibility as Senators. Let me put it in the context in my role as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. Thanks to the good people of Iowa, I have seniority to chair the oldest standing committee in the Senate, the Finance Committee. I am pleased to work with my friend, our ranking Democratic member, Senator Baucus. Not to toot our horns too much, but I am proud of our committee. We respond to big, tough issues in a businesslike, professional manner. We do not always agree, but most of the time we do agree.  From my view, this foreign sales corporation replacement bill has been handled in the best bipartisan tradition of our Finance Committee. Senator Baucus and I developed this bill as partners. All Democrats, even Senators Daschle and Kerry, participated in and supported this bill out of the Finance Committee. They are Members of this committee. All of the amendments I put up for this bill have been bipartisan amendments. They are amendments that have improved the bill.  Who can argue with the domestic job benefit extended by the research and development credit? That was a bipartisan bill. Who can argue with enhancing the manufacturing deduction? That was a bipartisan amendment. Democratic Members were accommodated in the committee and on the floor with a managers' package. Senator Baucus and I developed that package shoulder to shoulder.  The latest version includes the bipartisan package of energy tax incentives approved by the Senate Finance Committee last year for farmers in the Midwest, the South, timber harvesters in the Northwest, or wind farms across the country. This package is going to produce and create jobs. This package has twice passed the Senate without dissent.  For all the Senators from my region and other places who said they could not support cloture on the Energy bill last winter because of the MTBE issue, here is your chance to vote for an energy bill that does not have anything to do with MTBE. Members do not have to worry about your personal injury lawyer friends calling upon you to fight the MTBE thing because they want to protect their own income. Members do not have to worry about offending them. That is not in this bill. Members got a chance to vote an energy bill they wanted.  This maneuvering bothers me. So I brought along a chart that draws from a favorite activity in the Midwest. I am talking about a game of football. The gridiron does not necessarily have anything to do with the gridlock that is occurring on this bill, but it illustrates the problems we have.  This JOBS bill is very near the Senate goalline. Unfortunately, politics is driving the Democratic leadership to move the goalposts. When we came into session in January, Senator Frist was criticized by the Democratic leadership for not moving to the JOBS bill right away. At that time, the goalpost was very clear, very close, right there where it always is on the football field. That was in January.  After we finished the highway bill and a couple of other things, Senator Frist attempted to move the jobs in manufacturing bill. Much to my surprise, we were ambushed by the Democratic leadership with unrelated amendments. I thought I had an understanding as floor manager. That understanding was we were going to do amendments first that were related to the bill and then move to other amendments. That agreement was not carried out.  From my standpoint, this was an unfortunate event. In budget discussions, I made clear I opposed putting this JOBS bill in the reconciliation package because I had assurances that the Democratic leadership wanted the bill passed. In fact, my ranking Member, Senator Baucus, 2 days before Republicans went to Philadelphia for our retreat in January to make our plans for this year, told me. I want to move this JOBS bill; do not let the Republicans include this JOBS bill in the reconciliation because reconciliation is obnoxious to the bipartisanship of the Senate. It is obnoxious to the minority.  When we were making our plans in Philadelphia, my colleagues responded to that request from my Democrat ranking Member and we did not include this bill in the process of reconciliation. It happens that my view was not shared by the House leadership or even by the Senate leadership or by the White House. I took the position in leadership meetings and in the Senate Budget Committee Republican caucus deliberations that the Democratic leadership would not politicize this bill; we would get it passed.  I was ambushed on March 3rd. In fact, it looks like I was wrong and others were right.  So we have a second goalpost here. It was the amendment of my colleague from Iowa on overtime. It did not matter that we had voted on that amendment previously. It did not matter that the amendment dealt with proposed--not final, proposed--Department of Labor regulations. No, none of that mattered. That amendment was and still is a showstopper to this bipartisan bill that everyone agrees ought to pass the Senate. When it comes to a final vote, it will pass overwhelmingly.  We are now at that second goalpost. The demands of the Democratic leadership still change. We were talking about a single-digit list of amendments. Not anymore. Now that it looks like an overtime vote may be in the picture, there is a goalpost yet farther away. For the first time, we are hearing of other amendments not even in the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee, such as an increase in the minimum wage, another showstopper. We cannot finish the bill, we are told, even though we are told the substance is great. This is the greatest bill since sliced bread is the opinion of people all over the Senate. But we cannot finish the bill because of this new goalpost.  Heaven help us how that might turn out.  There is a final goalpost out there. It is way, way out there, as you can see. It is getting to conference. We may move through all of these goalposts but then be blocked from going to conference because the Democrats have decided they should never agree to go to conference on a bill unless they can dictate the outcome. Effectively, that does not just shut down the Senate; that shuts down the whole Congress.  Now, let me ask you: Is this any way to legislate? Is this a proper exercise of leadership? Is this right when jobs are on the line and people back home expect us to move consensus legislation? You have to wonder: Is all this obstruction really worth it?  Now, my sense is, the political imperative of stopping this bipartisan bill isvery strong. It seems the Democratic leadership is so fearful or resistant to getting a bipartisan JOBS bill to the President's desk that they are going to do anything to block it. Just keep moving the goalposts; pretty soon you will not see them. I think the record reflects this view I have that somehow there can be no JOBS bill that gets to the President of the United States.  Now, do you know what I would be willing to do? If there is something with the title of this bill, called a JOBS bill, that is obnoxious to the minority, because it might make a Republican President look good, well, I will change the name of it. You guys name this bill. It is OK with me. The title has nothing to do with the substance of it in the sense of legislative dominance, but we try to say, in the title of a bill, what we are intending to accomplish. What we are intending to accomplish in this jobs in manufacturing bill is to stop this outsourcing that you hear so much about, to create jobs in manufacturing in America, and not just jobs but good jobs, because manufacturing jobs that are related to exports pay 15 percent above the national average. They are good jobs.  I have predicted they cannot let this bill get to the President of the United States for political reasons. I hope I am proven wrong in the next few days. But I can say this: It is time to get the job done. In a few days, I hope we can move back and pass this jobs in manufacturing legislation. It is, in fact, a bipartisan piece of legislation. It is, in fact, a piece of legislation that deserves better treatment than it has received so far.  So tomorrow I hope, for all these reasons, particularly the reasons I gave earlier this afternoon--that there are so many amendments that have been added to this bill at the request of Democrats and Republicans alike, but I emphasize the Democrats--they have something in this bill they have asked for. They have asked for me to consider it. If they do not vote to stop debate tomorrow, to move on this legislation, get it to the President, why did they come to me in the first place and ask me to put their favorite piece of legislation in this bill?  It is all good legislation. I do not find fault with the people who have asked me to do it. It is all good public policy. But, also, it was not something real pertinent to the primary purpose of this legislation. But we are helping them get their bill passed by cooperating with them. I would like a little cooperation in return. I would like to have all the Members who we have tried to accommodate--both Republican and Democrat--vote to stop debate and move on to final passage of this bill, so we can create jobs in manufacturing.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  