 President, just over 2 months ago I expressed my interest in seeing both the U.S.-Australia and the U.S.-Morocco free-trade agreements pass the Congress by the August recess. A lot of people resisted this effort, arguing that it would be impossible for both the House and Senate to hold hearings, prepare the legislation, conduct mock mark-ups, report the bills, and pass implementing legislation for two free trade agreements in just two months. While the task was indeed difficult, I am very pleased to say that we are on the verge of achieving my goal today.  In just a few moments the U.S. Senate will have an historic opportunity to strengthen our relations with Morocco with the passage of the United States-Morocco Free-Trade Agreement Implementation Act. While nothing is certain, I expect this legislation to pass with strong bipartisan support. Passage of this legislation follows on the heels of a strong Senate vote in favor of the United States-Australia Free-Trade Agreement last week. The Australia bill itself was preceded by renewal and extension of the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act, which passed the Senate by unanimous consent on June 24 of this year. Prior to that, the Senate was able to work out its differences and pass the JOBS Act by a vote of 92 to 5. I will note that each of these bills passed in an election year, a year in which many pundits argued that nothing would get done. I also want to point out the broad bipartisan support which each of these bills received. In my mind, it is that element--bipartisanship--that is the key to our success.  I want to thank my ranking member, Senator Baucus, and the members of the Finance Committee for working with me to bring these bills to fruition. There are a lot of demands placed upon Finance Committee members and their staffs, and I appreciate their hard work and dedication in helping us produce legislation that will receive broad bipartisan support in the Senate.  Turning to the bill at hand, passage of the United States-Morocco Free-Trade Agreement Implementation Act will help strengthen our relationship with a long-standing friend and ally of the United States. For over two hundred years, our two nations have enjoyed a strong and mutually beneficial relationship. Today, Morocco is a country in transition. It is a country that recognizes that its long-term economic prosperity lies not in shutting itself off to the world, but in opening up to the world. It is in large part Morocco's willingness to embrace free market and democratic principles that led President Bush to select Morocco as a potential free trade partner. This free-trade agreement will help lock in and hasten reforms that the Moroccan Government embraced on its own initiative. I am confident that this agreement will spur growth and opportunity for Morocco and its people.  This trade agreement is also very good for the United States, especially U.S. agriculture. Implementation of the agreement is expected to help advance U.S. agriculture exports to Morocco to unprecedented heights, enabling us to better compete with the European Union, Canada, and South America in the Moroccan market.  Many people worked hard to see today's vote become a reality. First and foremost, this would not have happened without the leadership of President George W. Bush. As I have noted before, President Bush is committed to building the U.S. economy by opening the world's markets to U.S. goods and services. The United States-Morocco Free-Trade Agreement is just the latest of his achievements in this regard.  The United States Trade Representative, Ambassador Robert B. Zoellick, also merits special recognition and commendation for his efforts in negotiating this agreement. His commitment to expanding U.S. trade opportunities is steadfast, for which I am grateful. I also want to express my thanks to John Veroneau, the general counsel in the Office of United States Trade Representative, Matt Niemeyer, the Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Congressional Affairs, and Lisa Coen, Deputy Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Congressional Affairs, for their many efforts to ensure that the committee was fully apprised of developments during the negotiations and their efforts to resolve concerns raised by members as the committee informally considered proposed implementing legislation for this trade agreement. In addition, I thank Michael Smythers, a special assistant to the President working in the White House Office of Legislative Affairs, for his efforts to facilitate our consideration of this implementing legislation.  I commend my colleagues on the Finance Committee for their interest in seeing that this trade agreement was concluded and that the implementing legislation was passed without delay. I would like to extend a special thanks to the ranking member of the committee, Senator Baucus. We have worked together over the years to expand trade opportunities for the benefit of U.S. farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, and service workers, and to benefit U.S. consumers. I am quite pleased with the outcome of our current efforts with the imminent passage of this implementing bill today.  My trade staff on the Finance Committee worked diligently over the past several weeks on developing the implementing bill and other materials connected with it. My goal was to have this legislation passed prior to the August recess, and they were instrumental in making this happen. Moreover, my trade staff engaged in consultations with officials from the Office of the United States Trade Representative throughout the negotiations, which began way back in January 2003, so this has been a long process for them. I greatly appreciate their hard work.  My chief counsel and staff director, Kolan Davis, deserves recognition. His dedication and skills are instrumental in advancing the Finance Committee's agenda. The Chief International Trade Counsel of the Finance Committee, Everett Eissenstat, also deserves special mention. His expertise in trade policy and his ability to juggle multiple trade priorities simultaneously are key to the Committee's success. I would also like to recognize the other members of my trade staff--my two trade counsels, David Johanson and Stephen Schaefer, for their invaluable technical assistance throughout this process. Additionally, the work of Zach Paulsen, Dan Shepherdson, and Tiffany McCullen, is appreciated, for their dedication to the Finance Committee's work and to the people of Iowa. Without the diligence and hard work of my staff, we would not be at the point we are today.  Senator Baucus' trade staff also deserves recognition. The Democratic staff director on the Finance Committee, Russ Sullivan, and the deputy staff director, Bill Dauster, worked well with my staff throughout the process. I also appreciate the efforts of Tim Punke, Senator Baucus' Chief International Trade Counsel, as well as Brian Pomper, John Gilliland, Shara Aranoff, Sara Andrews, and Pascal Niedermann.  Finally, I would like to thank Polly Craighill of the Office of the Senate Legislative Counsel for the many hours she put into drafting the implementing bill. Without her patience, hard work, and drafting skills, today's vote would not have been possible.  I look forward to the signing of this legislation into law by President Bush.  