 President, I am glad that we are finally getting up the FSC/ETI bill, the JOBS bill as it is sometimes referred to, because this bill will create jobs in manufacturing.  As everyone knows, the World Trade Organization has ruled that our Foreign Sales Corporation extraterritorial income legislation that has been on the books for quite a few years is an illegal export subsidy and has authorized up to $4 billion a year in sanctions against U.S. exports. These sanctions actually began way back in the month of March this year. They now are at 12 percent and they are going to increase 1 percent each month that we do not repeal the existing law. By November, they will be at 13 percent, and Senator Frist rightly has called these ``Euro taxes'' on our exporters.  It has been a long road to what I hope will be final passage of this legislation. Both bodies passed bills to deal with the Euro taxes. Both bodies struggled to get this to conference. Nothing has been easy, but we are at last in the final stages.  Now that we are at the doorway of final passage, we cannot fritter away the opportunity to eliminate this tax put on our exports to Europe by the European Union.  American workers, especially those in the manufacturing sector, put in the work necessary to make the U.S. the most productive economy in the world. We Senators have to employ the same work ethic. We have to match our constituents' work productivity. We cannot delay on this matter any longer. We cannot leave the job site without finishing our work.  I will inform my colleagues of what happened during the conference this week. It was one of the most open and unusual conferences between the Senate Finance Committee and the Ways and Means Committee of the House that we have ever had. There were 18 House conferees and 23 Senate conferees. The conference chairman, Chairman Thomas of the Ways and Means Committee, started the ball rolling with a discussion draft. The discussion draft reflected the core elements of both bills.  The main piece complied with our WTO obligation by repealing the Foreign Sales Corporation extraterritorial income regime. In its place, we provide a deduction for all manufacturers, big and small. That was a significant movement toward the Senate position.  In one move, Chairman Thomas addressed the top Senate priority; that is, that all manufacturers receive the benefit of the deduction.  The next piece of the discussion draft included a package of international tax reforms that will make America's manufacturers yet more competitive. This package reflects the priorities of both the Senate and the House bill.  Finally, the discussion draft included identical and near identical provisions from both bills. Revenue neutrality was another important principle of the Senate bill, and I appreciate Chairman Thomas's cooperation on this Senate priority. Indeed, it was the bipartisan Finance Committee staff that refined the offsets that made this bill viable in the first place.  After presentation of the discussion draft, each Member had an opportunity to put forth their priorities by filing amendments for the public conference. Finance Committee conferees recognized the similarity to the customs of the Senate Finance Committee markup, the way we have done it traditionally in the Senate Finance Committee. This process was very unusual for a conference. Normally, conferees go through a series of meetings and exchange of offers or some other elongated process.  I have been a member of the Finance Committee for nearly 20 years, and I can tell my colleagues that in nearly all cases, conferees debate the issues in private. Nearly all of the toughest decisions come down to private negotiations between the two chairmen. Those decisions are reached after conferee input.  In this conference, however, all discussions were aired publicly. Sometimes conferences take months. Sometimes they end without accomplishing anything before the adjournment of a Congress. We had neither option before us. We were in an unusual and sensitive situation because we are coming up now to adjournment of this Congress. Unusual situations require then unusual procedures. We had only a few days remaining to enact this measure. That is not much time, but we are here now before the Senate, and this bill has passed the House of Representatives already.  The bottom line is that we have to move this measure to the President of the United States. I am fully committed to getting this bill done before we leave for the elections.  I appreciate the House's willingness to open up this process and let transparency occur through the amendment process. I would also like to thank my Finance Committee conferees, particularly my friend and ranking member, Senator Baucus. We would not be here--in fact, we would not have even gotten this bill through the Senate without the bipartisan spirit of the Finance Committee members and Senator Baucus's efforts in that. That spirit remained in place as we took the final steps in the conference committee between the House and Senate.  Both the House and Senate agreed on the basic structure of the bill and on the policy. In addition to the major movement to the Senate on the structure of the manufacturing deduction and revenue neutrality, many Senate priorities have been addressed. An expanded renewable electricity reduction credit is included. This was a high priority for Senate conferees Bingaman, Smith, Daschle, Hatch, Baucus, Snowe, Breaux, Lincoln, Conrad, Bunning, and Gregg.  Chairman Thomas recognized this as an important bipartisan mark and included section 450 in his mark even though it cost over $2 billion to accommodate the Senate on this issue, within the spirit of revenue neutrality.  We have a very good small business package as well included in the conference report. The bill before us extends small business expensing for another 2 years. The bill contains significant S corporation reforms. Even though the subchapter S corporation provisions were House provisions, they have historically been Senate priorities. We have probably the most comprehensive agricultural and rural community tax incentive package ever.  I thank Chairman Thomas for including these Senate priorities in his mark. For everyone, there is a substantial overhaul of the fuel excise tax system, with a VEETC proposal, fuel fraud, and also biodiesel provisions.  These provisions will mean more highway money for more States. According to Federal statistics for the current fiscal year, 37 of 50 States will receive more highway money because of the VEETC proposals in this bill. There will still be more highway money for all States from provisions in this bill by shutting down fraud when people do not pay the fuel tax that is required under existing law. VEETC and fuel fraud provisions are estimated to put over $24 billion into the highway trust fund.  Now, I point out that this bill does not contain many special interest members' provisions. If my colleagues will recall, the JOBS bill passed the Senate 92 to 5. In part, the bill received such widespread support because many Member items were accommodated when this bill first went through the Senate. Literally dozens of narrow tax benefits were adopted in committee and also added on the floor. Those provisions also unnecessarily caused the bill to be defined as a special interest bill. Senator Baucus and I put out a staff analysis that showed only a small portion of the bill's revenue was absorbed by these individual Members' items. But that did not stop the criticism of those items, either by Members of the Congress or by the press writing about this bill, emphasizing thingsthat were only a small part of the legislation.  The House bill also, however, contained Member items. They were fewer in number, but very significantly defined. Most of those items enjoyed some Senate support.  In addition to the press criticism, the President also made clear to me he would not support a bill that is heavily laden with so many of these narrow items.  Neither side got everything they wanted. For example, the House made a huge concession by giving up its rate cut for only C corporations. They had invested $15 billion for this in small C corporations, and another $64 billion for large C manufacturing corporations. They relented on this point in order to accommodate the Senate concerns about extending the manufacturing rate cut to all manufacturers, regardless of whether they were C corporations, S corporations, partnerships, or individuals.  We have heard harsh complaints about the conference bill from Senator Landrieu because the bill does not contain her reservist amendments. I would like to set the record straight on that point. The Senate voted in support of her amendment in conference. We approved it and presented it to the House for inclusion in the conference bill. The House rejected that amendment. The conference was open to the public. Everyone witnessed the vote. There were no back-room deals on the reservist amendment.  Finally, as a premise, let me note we knew the House would not accept as much in revenue offsets.  