  Madam President, once again I remind the Senate about some of the issues that face the Senate Committee on Finance which I chair and how certain assumptions being made by some of the amenders of the budget resolution might be affected by that or how their decisions might affect decisions we have to make.  First of all, there is the general proposition with all budgets and all amendments that pretend to dictate to committees where they ought to get the money or what legislation they ought to pass. This is just a recommendation that has no force of law. It can be entirely ignored by any of the committees, including the Committee on Finance. So when there is a premise certain loopholes ought to be closed, certain tax rate changes ought to be made to affect upper income limit people, the people voting on this amendment and similar amendments ought to understand they are voting on numbers they are giving us, nothing else, because we will have to make those decisions not just on the substance of the dictates of the budget resolution but also on the responsibility to report a bipartisan bill.  We will have yesterday, today, and much more tomorrow, a whole series of amendments coming from the Democrat side of the aisle, trying to dictate something Democrats want Congress to accomplish, but with almost no Republican support. The Senate Finance Committee cannot function under that sort of partisanship. We have to get things done in a bipartisan way. If people who offer amendments to the budget expect their amendments to be adopted, it starts with bipartisanship. I have not seen that in very many of the amendments we have had thus far. I guarantee, nothing will be done by the Senate Finance Committee in a strictly partisan way. That is a dead end. That is an alley with no opening. We have to report a bipartisan bill if we expect to get it through the Senate.  The other thing I want my colleagues to understand, and why they should vote against this amendment, is it assumes gaining certain revenue from loophole closings. I can tell you of tens of billions of dollars we are going to get from closing loopholes, but we are doing that because of the responsibility of the Senate Finance Committee, first of all, has to have a fair Tax Code, and secondly because we have the obligation, if we are going to make tax changes, to have those offset. Without revenue neutrality we do not have bipartisanship, and without bipartisanship nothing is going to get through the Senate.  A lot of very popular tax provisions Democrats or Republicans expect me to get passed before this year is out, like the marriage penalty, like the $1,000 tax credit for children, and the 10-percent bracket so we can help low-income people pay less tax because they need that money themselves to live rather than sending it to us to spend--both Democrats and Republicans expect me to get that passed. We are going to use the revenue from the loophole closings to fund those provisions. We cannot have that money spent on appropriated accounts. It has to be used to offset this social and economic policy that is involved in doing away with the marriage penalty--the $1,000 child credit and the 10-percent bracket, and even in addition to that, maybe, finding some bipartisan solution to bringing finality to what the estate tax ought to be in America as opposed to what it is now or what it will be in 2011 when we go back to just the $1 million exemption.  Those are things we are going to do. Obviously, we ought to close these tax loopholes and shelters because they are unfair. Some of them are outright schemes for corporations to avoid taxation. However, we cannot use that money twice. It will be used once. It will be used by our economy to establish a fair tax policy.  In addition to that, and unrelated to my position on the Senate Finance Committee, how I react to the debate we have had thus far on this amendment--particularly when I hear some Senators on the other side say something like this: Don't tell me we have increased education spending by 60 percent, because I know that.  What that Senator wants us to hear is we have not appropriated what somebody thought we ought to appropriate, which we seldom do anyway. I am well aware of that. I am well aware of promises that were made by an administration on education expenditures, maybe in the first year of this administration, but what I have not heard from the other side of the aisle is, they decide how money ought to be divided, is what happened on September 11 and the war on terror and how that changes everything. How has that changed everything?  You put your resources behind the men and women in battle. You put your resources behind winning a war. That has caused the President of the United States and the Congress, in turn, to divert some money from domestic expenditures to the war on terror, to the Defense Department, and to homeland security. That is what is different now from the time when people thought this administration made certain promises on a lot of Federal programs, not just education.  It seems to me a responsibility we have when we overwhelmingly pass a resolution for war that, if we are going to put our men and women on the battlefield, you have to give them all the resources it takes to win that effort. If you do not, you should not be going to war.  Now, those who voted against that resolution may have the privilege of voting against funding our men and women in the battlefield, but it seems to me, regardless of whether you voted for the war resolution or not, you have a responsibility to stand behind our men and women.  That is what has changed between promises being made on education and today. There has been a diversion of money. But even considering all that, this administration, on the present budget and on previous budgets, has put education No. 1, after the war on terror--including Afghanistan and Iraq--and after homeland security, because education is the domestic program that gets the biggest increase in expenditures over anything else.  With that in mind, I ask that we defeat this amendment. I ask that it be defeated because the revenue supposedly being used is the revenue we are going to use to make the Tax Code more fair to implement the social and economic policy we have that we call doing away with the marriage penalty, helping families, by keeping the $1,000 child credit, and helping low-income people to pay less tax and to have more money in their pockets so they can support their families to a greater extent.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Chambliss). Who yields time?  The Senator from North Dakota.  