 Before I go into the problem with Senator Biden's amendment, let me say I agree with his concerns about the size of future Iraq funding packages. I am concerned about the Federal deficit we are facing on the horizon.  But we also have to realize we are in war. You do not go to war unless you go to war to win. If you go to war, you go to war to win. You put all the resources behind the men and women that it takes to win that war. You do not put their life in danger on the battlefield. It may sound like we do not care about future generations, but you don't worry about deficits.  If we worried about deficits in World War II, Hitler would have been in New York City. The Japanese would have been in California. They would not have stopped at Pearl Harbor. We decided we were going to win that war, and we put all the resources behind it.  For only the first time since Pearl Harbor, we have been attacked. On September 11, 3,000 Americans died. We decided we were going to defend America. We decided we were going to fight not on American soil, we were going to fight on the soil of the people who harbor the terrorists who attacked America on September 11. We are going to go to war to win. We are going to put the resources behind our men and women. We are not going to take any chances.  I don't find any fault with anyone who talks about deficits. Only if they are so concerned about deficits that they do not care if we win the war and protect Americans, and the Constitution gives our Government that responsibility.  We also found, as a result of the war, being attacked in America, that the economy went into the tank. Out of 2.5 million jobs supposedly lost in this recession, 1 million of those jobs were lost 3 months after September 11, 2001; not because of the economy but because of war and the public not being certain what would happen in the future.  So we had tax cuts to revive the economy. We have a strong economy. A strong economy produces more resources so we can fight the war and win the war. The economy is growing. Federal revenues, as a result of these tax cuts, returned to their average levels, where they have been for 50 years, 18 to 19 percent of gross domestic product. We fought the Vietnam war and the Persian Gulf war during that period of time. So 18 to 19 percent of GDP for Federal taxes seems to be a level that does not hurt the economy.  In fact, the economy grows, and it is a level of taxation that people have accepted. It is producing the results we need to bring in more revenue to close the gap so that we do not have big budget deficits in the future.  On the point of taxes and the point of the budget gap, I note that Senator Biden's amendment contains no dedication of the revenue from raising taxes to any kind of fund that is oriented toward the war. In other words, the amendment simply raises taxes for more spending. The implication is on a Defense bill it will go to defense efforts.  When we hear about sacrifice, I am not sure I hear sacrifice. Let's spend less for domestic programs so we can give more to support our men and women in uniform. In World War II there were efforts to curtail domestic expenditures. We put all of our efforts behind our men and women but not, raise taxes, more spending, bread and butter at the same time.  I also point out there are two sides to the Federal ledger. One is the revenue side. That is what we take in from the people who work in our factories, ouroffices, and our farms across America. The other side of the ledger is the spending side.  My friends on the other side focus exclusively, as my good friend from Delaware has, on the tax side. They look only to taxpayers to put our fiscal house in order.  I agree with the goals of reducing the deficit, but I don't intend to hurt the economy through higher taxes and put a damper on the economy. I want the economy to grow. The economy is growing. What sort of a signal would raising taxes send? Lower taxes one year, raise them the next year. How do you get investment that way?  I disagree that it is all right to look only at the tax side of the ledger. Indeed, the Senate approved a bill a little over a month ago that included $170 billion in revenue offsets. Republicans, working with like-minded Democrats, have been willing to exercise fiscal discipline, especially when it comes to closing corporate loopholes and curtailing tax shelters.  I digress for a moment on the subject of offsets. I notice with some amusement a story in Congress Daily A.M. dated last month, May 18. The story noted the special alchemy in the Finance Committee work in formulating offsets. The article went on to quote anonymous lobbyists who were frustrated with the Finance Committee production of offsets.  As a matter of fact, the tax staff at the Finance Committee happens to be the only committee personnel putting in work to generate offsets to raise revenues, and doing it in a fair way for corporations taking the advice of big tax firms, big investment bankers, big accounting firms, working together, to think of some miraculous tax loophole that is not legal to avoid taxation. That is cheating.  We are going after the cheaters and bringing in that revenue.  The record is clear. We found plenty of revenue raisers. I ask the full Senate, who was the last Democrat to propose any savings on this spending side? All we have to do is look at Senator Santorum's ``spendometer,'' that thermometer he has of red ink that adds up every Democrat amendment being offered on budgets and otherwise. We know where the pressure to spend is.  How can we in good conscience propose those billions and billions of dollars of expenditures--mostly for domestic programs, not to win the war in Iraq--and then complain about budget deficits?  Not a single spending cut is being proposed by those on the other side. Maybe back in the mid-1990s, but we have to go back many years. All I see is spending increases.  So if those on the other side want to claim to be fiscal disciplinarians, let's see entries on the spending side of the ledger. To have credibility, you cannot just go to the American people and ask for more money. You know, if I could ever get a reasonable tax increase, and have people on the other side of the aisle tell me how high taxes had to go to satisfy their appetite to spend money, I might just scratch my head and say: Well, maybe we ought to do it if we could get a consensus that is as high as taxes are going to go, and we don't have to worry about them going any higher. But I have never seen that you could raise taxes high enough to satisfy some people in this body who want to spend money.  I am also concerned about the degree to which taxpayers finance reconstruction in Iraq on a blank-check basis. I first raised this concern almost a year ago. We ought to be very careful about the structure of future aid packages.  Now I will speak specifically about Senator Biden's amendment. He says he is seeking to offset the President's war-funding request with a tax increase. As I noted above, the text of the amendment simply raises taxes for more spending. There is no connection between taxes raised and Iraq funding.  Let's take a look at the tax increase. For 2001, the top rate was reduced to 38.6 percent. In the 2003 tax bill, we reduced the top rate to 35 percent. Senator Biden's amendment would raise that top rate back to 36 percent. The premise of the Biden amendment seems to be that taxpayers in the top bracket are solely Park Avenue millionaires. They clip coupons, bring in the money, get out their cigars, lean back in their chairs, and enjoy life. Well, the facts are somewhat different.  According to the Treasury Department, about 80 percent of the benefits of the top rate go to taxpayers with small business ownership. Now, we have had some debates about the definition of ``small business.'' Some on the other side define ``small business'' as only those businesses with taxable income below, say, $320,000.  To those folks, a local chain of shoestores, if it makes over $320,000--no matter how many folks it employs--is the same, in their category, as the Nordstroms or the J.C. Penneys.  Those of us from the heartland know that the definition of ``small business'' does not cut off at, say, $320,000. It depends upon whether the business is locally owned. It depends on whether the business finances its growth from its own earnings.  Conversely, to folks from small towns, like me, big businesses are generally the companies that finance themselves through big, massive bond borrowing or through the stock market.  The reason the distinction is important for public policy issues, such as the level of taxation, is that we value local or regionally based businesses. The folks who own those businesses are from that community. They go to the local church. They support the local Little League. Small business, as I see it, is a stabilizing yet very dynamic social force in these communities and makes America what it is today.  So when I talk about small business, I am not going to use any artificially low level of taxable income. I am going to use a commonsense definition of what small business is. There is too much at stake to demagog the definition.  When we are considering tax policy, and specifically the tax rate applicable to business, we have really two categories. The first category is the regular big corporation. Virtually all big businesses, that is, publicly traded companies, are taxed under the regular corporate rate schedule.  Small business income is generally taxed at the individual or personal level. In most cases, the owner of the small business puts the income of the small business on his or her personal tax return.  As a practical matter, then, the individual tax rate is the rate paid by that small business. The corporate tax rate, with some exceptions in the case of some older, smaller corporations, generally applies to big business. The relationship between the top individual rate and the top corporate rate has a bearing on our policy toward small business. If the top individual marginal rate is higher than the top corporate marginal rate, then we as a society are sending a very bad and negative signal about small business, and even to small businesses that exist.  Before 2001, the top marginal rate for small business was 39.6 percent. Guess what. If you were a big corporation, the top rate was 35 percent. We had a penalty against small business. When you look at the difference, it was a 15-percent penalty against small business--before we changed the tax law last year. So it was a 15-percent small business penalty. That was the law. That was our Federal tax policy bias against small business.  In 2001, a bipartisan majority of this Senate, including almost one-fourth of the Democrats voting with us, voted to gradually equalize the top marginal rate between small business and big business, recognizing that penalty as being unfair, being anti-entrepreneurial.  Starting last year, for the first time in many years, the top rate, 35 percent, is the same for Fortune 500s as it is for successful small businesses. Senator Biden's amendment would take the first step to restore and perhaps even enhance the 15-percent penalty on small business. With all the appetite for taxing and spending around here, rest assured, small business would be facing even higher taxes in the future because, as I said, you cannot raise taxes high enough on the other side of the aisle to satisfy the appetite to spend money.  I do not quarrel with the notion that taxpayers in the top bracket make incomes starting in the range that has been stated of $320,000. A lot of these successful small business owners make figures like that. But keep in mind, that figure represents the total net income of those small businesses. Successful small businesses are those thatpurchase the equipment and hire the new workers.  I would ask my friends on the other side, those friends who are so eager to raise taxes--and not all are--why they are all so reluctant to cut spending and eager to increase spending, to focus on the effects of their policy on small business, the effects of their policy on entrepreneurship in America, because small business creates 80 percent of the jobs in this country. Why, at this time, with a recovering job market--1.2 million jobs created this year--would we want to put a damper on the economic recovery by raising taxes on the very people, the very businesses, the very small businesses, that create 80 percent of the new jobs?  Last month, the Senate, by a vote of 92 to 5, approved a bill designed to cut the top marginal tax rate for small business manufacturers yet again to 32 percent. Senator Biden's amendment would go the other way and hammer our small business manufacturers.  Anyone voting for Senator Biden's amendment is, in effect, saying they support raising taxes on small business manufacturers. A vote for the Biden amendment is a vote to raise the top marginal tax rate on small business manufacturing from the 32 percent in the JOBS bill that we just passed to 36 percent. That is a tax increase on small business of 13 percent--13 percent. Is that the direction we want to go in a recovering economy, in a job-creating economy? Is there something wrong with the economy that is growing now, with 1.2 million jobs in the last 6 months? Why would you want to dampen that?  Finally, I do not want you to take my word for this. I am just a public official. I would like to have you listen to what small business folks are saying.  I would like to have you take a look at this chart. The chart is a copy of a letter from the three principal small business grassroots organizations. The first organization is the National Federation of Independent Business or NFIB. The second one is the Small Business Legislative Council, and the third organization is the Small Business Survival Committee.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith). The Senator has used 20 minutes.  