       Accelerating income tax relief: Approximately 85 percent of      small businesses file their tax returns as individuals. An      increase in tax refunds means small firms will have more      resources and more capital to put back into growing their      businesses. A series of studies by four top tax economists      examined the effect of tax rate cuts on sole proprietors.      Their results indicate that a 5 percent point cut in rates      would increase capital investment by about 10 percent. And,      they found that dropping the top tax rate from 39.6 percent--     --  Where it was up until the year 2001----     to 33.2 percent would increase hiring by 12.1 percent.  What these small business groups said was their tax policy priorities included a reduction in the top marginal rate. It is right there in their letter.  Now let's think about this. As the small business folks say in their letter, there is a link between tax relief, economic growth, and jobs. We have seen the evidence of that linkage over the last year or so. Check out the economic statistics. The tax relief kicked in, the economy started growing, and jobs started coming back--1.2 million jobs in the last 5 or 6 months.  Why would we want to reverse the course? Some would speculate that for the minority party, it is good politics for the economy to go into the tank. Raise taxes as the economy is coming back, and you stifle economic growth. If economic growth is stifled, then jobs disappear. If jobs disappear, then voters will throw out the President and his party.  I am not that cynical. I don't believe some of the opposition would want to put short-term political advantages over the economic well-being of their constituents. But it does make you wonder.  To sum up, a vote for the Biden amendment is, clearly and simply, a tax increase. How high do taxes have to go to satisfy the appetite on the other side of the aisle to spend money? I don't know. But this is a start. It is a tax increase during an economic recovery. It is a tax increase on the folks who create the jobs in America, our hard-working small business owners.  For those reasons, I obviously ask Members to reject the Biden amendment.  I yield the floor.  