  The bottom line is, we have these accusations about what the true costs are. So I want to respond to those accusations we have heard that the ``true costs'' of the Medicare bill were somewhat hidden from Congress before the final vote. This is simply political, election year hyperbole. The opponents of the drug benefit are making this claim because the final cost estimate from the CMS Office of the Actuary was not completed before the vote took place.  Let me be very clear. The cost estimate was not withheld from Congress because there wasn't a final cost estimate from CMS to withhold. Their cost estimate wasn't even completed until after December 23, long after the House and Senate vote.  Let me also be clear we did have the official cost estimate on the Medicare bill before the vote, and that is the one from the Congressional Budget Office. As I have said, as both Senators from Minnesota know, the Congressional Budget Office is God when it comes to Congress having to go by a figure of what something costs. It doesn't matter what the Treasury Department says, OMB, or even CMS. The Congressional Budget Office is what we go by. If you don't go by it, you are subject to a point of order. That point of order takes an extraordinary majority to overcome.  No government official should ever be muzzled for providing critical information to Congress. If that happened last year, that was wrong. These accusations about whether information was withheld have raised questions as to whether Congress had access to a valid and thorough cost estimate for the prescription drug bill before the final vote. It should also be made clear that while the cost analysis by the Office of Actuary is perhaps helpful, it is not the cost analysis Congress relies upon but that of the Congressional Budget Office, as I have already said. It is their cost estimate we use to determine whether legislation is within authorized budget limits.  For Congress, if there is a true cost estimate, it is by the Congressional Budget Office. The Congressional Budget Office cost estimate is the only one that matters. When Congress approved a $400 billion reserve fund to create a Medicare prescription drug benefit, this meant $400 billion, according to the Congressional Budget Office, not according to the Center for Medicare Services.  With all due respect to the dedicated staff working at the Center for Medicare Services Office of the Actuary, their cost estimates were irrelevant to the process. The Congressional Budget Office worked closely with the conferees to the prescription drug bill and the staff to ensure a full analysis of the projected costs was complete. The conferees and staff regularly and constantly consulted with the CBO throughout the development of the Senate bill and in preparation of the conference agreement. The Congressional Budget Office worked nearly around the clock and on weekends for months to complete an extremely thorough and rigorous cost analysis of the prescription drug bill. That cost estimate, the official cost estimate, was available to every Member of Congress before the measure was presented to the House or Senate for a vote.  It is also pretty disingenuous for the opponents of the Medicare bill--on the other side of the aisle, especially--to suggest the price tag for the Medicare bill causes them concern. The fact is, they supported proposals that cost hundreds of billions more than what we ended up passing last year. The House Democratic proposal last year would have cost nearly $1 trillion, and the Senate Democratic proposal in 2002 cost $200 billion more than the bill that was enacted into law.  Further, there were more than 50 amendments offered on the floor of the Senate during the debate on the Senate bill that would have increased the cost of the bill by tens of billions of dollars.  The bottom line is, there should be no doubt in anyone's mind we had a true cost estimate for the prescription drug bill last year, and everyone had access to it before the vote.  I yield the floor.  