 President. I make a few points regarding the FDA issue and the regulation of tobacco. I voted for the FDA provision in this bill. I voted in conference to include FDA regulation of tobacco. But the House refused to accept it.  I voted for this, despite the growing problems that are coming to light about the FDA falling down on its current responsibilities.  Just in the last few months, the FDA has come under investigation, including from my own committee, regarding the way its failed regarding drugs causing suicide in children.  And where was the FDA regarding the recent Vioxx catastrophy and how it causes heart attacks? Just yesterday, it was revealed by my Finance Committee that it looks like the FDA pressured employees to suppress negative findings regarding Vioxx.  And, in today's paper, we read about what looks like the FDA falling down on the job in regard to the Flu vaccine crisis.  So, I hope some around here aren't trying to mislead the American people into thinking that FDA regulation is some kind of panacea for smoking.  I heard one Senator from the other side say that we sided with the tobacco companies when the FDA provision failed. Well that's interesting.  That's surely what opponents would like you to think. But, there's a dirty little secret involved here. Or, at least it's a secret vis a vis the public.  The fact is, the tobacco companies are divided on whether there should be FDA regulation. In fact, the largest tobacco company actually supports FDA regulation, and has been lobbying heavily and pouring money into the effort to get it.  Why? Well, for one thing, a great deal of its business is overseas, and it will therefore be immune from FDA regulation. This will give it a competitive edge against its competitors. So, the tobacco companies, or at least the biggest one, is much more in favor of FDA regulation than against it.  Therefore, anybody trying to frame this as tobacco vesus kids, or tobacco versus health groups, is just flatly misleading the public.  But, even for those of us who pushed for FDA oversight, our legs were cut right out from under us during the negotiations. And guess who cut the legs right out from under us? The leadership of the Democratic party cut the legs right out from under us. That's who.  The leader of the Democratic party, Senator Kerry, went down to North Carolina to talk to tobacco farmers. Guess what he said? He said he'd support a tobacco buyout with or without FDA regulation.  So, it looks to me like the senior Senator from Massachusetts didn't communicate very well with the junior Senator from Massachusetts--or vice-versa.  Moreover, we had the democratic Senate campaign chairman saying the same thing last week. He said he didn't need FDA regulation with a tobacco buyout.  And, he even had his candidate for the North Carolina Senate seat up here lobbying right over in the conference committee room to get this buyout through, with or without FDA. Can you believe that?  And, to add insult to injury to the Democratic Senators from Massachusetts, and Iowa, the Senate Democratic leader even signed the conference report.  So, obviously, when the House leadership knew the votes were there in the Senate for a buyout without FDA, they weren't about to agree to it in conference, and there's no way we could have successfully pushed it.  Now, what more does it take from their own leaders to undermine what the Democratic Senators from Iowa and Massachusetts wanted to do? Seems to me the need to get their own house in order before criticizing others.  