 President, today is a historic day in the world of tax policy. We are about to pass the most significant reform of American business taxation since 1986. I am not talking about large corporate reforms. This bill contains some of the most important small business reforms in years. This bill represents the most comprehensive agricultural, small business, rural community tax incentive package ever written by Congress. The bill contains far-reaching measures to revive the manufacturing base in America by cutting taxes and creating incentives to invest and create jobs in the United States. This manufacturing tax goes to large and small corporations, family-held S corporations, partnerships, sole proprietorships, farmers, and co-ops.  This is the football season. With apologies to the Senate's chart expert, my colleague from North Dakota, Mr. Conrad, I am going to use one last chart for this bill. This chart behind me is about the football. It is a chart that I used about 7 months ago. During that time, spring drills were about the only football activity. The chart shows several sets of goalposts. As this important bill has wound its way through the legislative process, at each stage the goalposts were moved and moved and moved. Sometimes we had to call timeout. But at each stage we held on to the ball. We had an overtime regulation goalpost. We had a trade adjustment assistance goalpost. We had an unemployment insurance goalpost. Those were Senate floor goalposts. We passed each goalpost. Then we got to conference. In conference we ran into the Food and Drug Administration tobacco buyout goalpost.  We have passed the final goalpost now. In this bill we had to go straight over the tackle, and we did, just like good old-fashioned Big Ten football. I will see the Senator from Minnesota the last Saturday of November. We are finally now in the end zone.  Now I would like to thank the team that got us over the goal line. The first is Senator Baucus. I am certain that we would not be here without his good work and cooperation. In addition, I thank all other members of the Senate Finance Committee for their time and energy in making this bill a reality.  I would like to point out a special thanks to a couple senior members of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Nickles and Senator John Breaux.  Senator Nickles has been a Finance Committee member since 1995. He has left a big impact on trade, tax, health care issues that have come before the committee. He and I have not always seen eye to eye on all issues, but he is a hard-working, tenacious Member of the Senate. He takes the work of the committee seriously.  Senator Breaux has been on the Senate Finance Committee since 1990. He succeeded Senator Long in the Senate. Senator Long was a legendary member of the Finance Committee, the longest serving chairman it has ever had, a major architect of much tax legislation. Senator Long left a legacy on the Finance Committee. Senator Breaux followed up on the legacy of Senator Long, taking the practical, constructive, and creative approach of Senator Long. Senator Breaux has blazed his own trail on the Senate Finance Committee.  In many cases, the Senate is paralyzed by partisan politics. I am proud that the Finance Committee is still a workshop of bipartisan problem-solving. Senator Breaux has been a key element at that continuing bipartisan tradition. Hopefully, the Democratic caucus, which has been steadily moving to the left over the years, will replace him with a like-kind pragmatist. The country will be better off for it.  Over the last couple of years, the States of Oklahoma and Louisiana have been well represented on the Finance Committee. Unfortunately, there will be a bit of a vacuum with the departure of Senators Nickles and Breaux. I am pleased that this bill contains many priorities of these two Senators. For Senator Nickles, there was the depreciation change that he has fought for over the years. For Senator Breaux, important priorities for his State of Louisiana included significant changes in the tax treatment of key Louisiana interests such as agriculture, aquaculture, energy production, shipbuilding, forestry, and shipping. It is a fitting tribute to these two members of the Finance Committee.  We are also saying goodbye to Senator Bob Graham of Florida. SenatorGraham has been on the Finance Committee since 1995. In the 1990s, Senator Graham was also a bipartisan bridge builder on tax and trade issues. Senator Graham faithfully attended to Florida's interests during his service on the committee.  I thank also Senator Frist for backing me all the way on this bill. He took months to get it to the Senate floor. At times many of our Republican caucus questioned whether it was worth the price of unrelated controversial amendments that were thrown our way. Our leader stayed the course. I appreciate that very much.  I would like to thank my staff on the Senate Finance Committee as well: Kolan Davis, our staff director; Mark Prater, chief tax counsel, and the other tax counsels--Ed McClellan, Elizabeth Paris, Dean Zerbe, Christy Mistr, and John O'Neill, as well as John's predecessor, Diann Howland. These individuals, along with Adam Freed, the staff assistant for the tax team, have been the workhorses for the committee--keeping the lights burning long into the night to make this bill possible.  Finally, thanks go to the hard-working interns and law clerks. I refer to Casey August, Grant Menke, and Peter Jordan. Grant took the summer off to call balls and strikes as an umpire in the New York-Penn league. Grant helped us with this bill in the spring and returned in time for the conference.  Let me extend my thanks also to George Yin and the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation for providing guidance in this effort. I want to particularly point out the good work of Ray Beeman, David Noren, and Gray Fontenot. The Finance Committee tax staff refers to this trio of specialists as the ``three amigos.'' The three amigos helped us find a lot of gold out there in corporate loophole land. Brian Meighan recently left the three amigos for the private sector.  I would like to thank the leadership staff for all their assistance. From Senator Frist's staff, I thank Lee Rawls, Eric Ueland, Ronit Kumar, and Libby Jarvis. I also thank our Senate leadership team and their staffs, especially our able whip, Senator McConnell.  Finally my thanks to go Jim Fransen, Mark Mathiesen, Mark McGunable and their capable staff at legislative counsel for taking on our ideas and drafting them into statutory language. These talented lawyers are the true wizards of the legislative process. They handle enormous pressure with professionalism and amazing dexterity.  I invite everybody to relax a bit today. After the vote tonight, everyone should go home and get a good night's sleep. As for me, now we are getting ready to wrap up. I am looking forward to going home to Iowa. It is harvesttime in the fields. I have some work to do on the farm. We also have a bit of an election coming up. God willing, the good folks of Iowa will send me back here to continue to do the people's business.  I yield the floor.  