 President, during this debate on this amendment, we have heard there is going to be $11 billion cut from various programs under the jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee. I have the budget resolution in front of me. I defy anybody to tell me where in this budget resolution there is an $11 billion cut.  I want to make it clear. What has been said, thus far, is based on some assumptions, assumptions that, in the global view of all the possible assumptions that the Senate Finance Committee could draw on to save a littlebit of money, it is in the realm of possibility, but it is a very extreme possibility of just exactly where the Senate Finance Committee ends up to save $3.4 billion, not $11 billion. This comes from the fact the budget includes an instruction to the Finance Committee to reconcile $3.4 billion over 5 years.  Now, if you were talking on ``Main Street'' in Waterloo, IA, about saving $3.4 billion over 5 years, out of the trillions of dollars that the Federal Government is going to spend over that period of 5 years, and you wanted to explain to somebody that you could not save a fraction of 1 percentage point, they would say: You better get some businessperson to serve in the U.S. Senate because the average businessperson has to deal with problems like that all the time. It is a small amount of money, but it is still some direction given to the committee.  Now, exactly where we might do that--there has been a lot said tonight, that somehow people know exactly where the Senate Finance Committee is going to get this sort of reconciled figure. I would have to say, I do not know yet. I do not know yet because I have not looked at all the possibilities. I do not know yet for a second reason: that even if I had a very good idea of exactly where this ought to come from, a chairman of a committee, particularly of the Senate Budget Committee, does not run the Finance Committee. We do things in a bipartisan fashion in that committee. Even within the Democrats, there is a difference of opinion, not a unified position among Democrats and, for sure, among my Republican members of the committee there is not a unified position.  It takes a lot of compromise to do anything in the Finance Committee. When you are talking about even saving a fraction of 1 percent--a very small fraction of 1 percent--let me tell you, there would still be a great deal of difference of opinion that it ought to be done. The fact is, there is nothing in this budget resolution that says where we have to save that money. That is our committee's decision.  When you vote this week on this budget resolution or when you vote on this amendment, I want to make it very clear to you that there is nothing in this that says how this money ought to be saved. So I can say to any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: I do not want this program cut. Another one says: I do not want that program cut. I can say: There is nothing in this resolution that says I have to cut program ``ABC'' or ``DEF.'' It is what we can do in our committee.  For sure, there has been a great deal of talk about it might come out of Medicaid or it might come out of the earned-income tax credit. Maybe it could, to some extent. But I do not know that yet. Even if I knew it, I could not produce 11 votes this minute, and that is the way it ought to be. This has to be a thoughtful process.  All we are doing in this budget resolution is making an overview of the fiscal policy of the Congress for the next 12 months. That is all we are doing. We are doing that so all the committees of Congress are disciplined. Before the budget resolution, when it came to fiscal matters, every committee and subcommittee in Congress was a kingdom unto itself. And what was the fiscal policy of the Congress of the United States? It was the total action of all the separate committees.  But the Budget Committee is set up so that before you spend money, before you make tax policy, you have a well-thought-out process of keeping within certain limits so that each committee is not a kingdom unto itself, but they are disciplined by the total view expressed in the Congress in a budget resolution--in the Senate and House separately; and then, after compromise between the two Houses, that policy is adopted.  Now, the budget assumes additional savings, but the Finance Committee is not required to reconcile these savings. Striking the $3.4 billion reconciliation instruction does not remove these other nonbinding savings. These nonbinding assumptions would remain. This amendment does not change any--does not change any--of those assumptions.  The amendment deals with $3.4 billion, but all the debate has been about certain assumptions, and there is nothing in the amendment that changes any of those assumptions. So what all the debate has been about is not what you are going to be voting on. You are going to be voting on $3.4 billion being saved. But the debate has been about, ``Oh, the money is going to come out of Medicaid; the money is going to come out of the earned-income tax credit'' because of some assumptions that were made. But the assumptions are not binding. The amendment before us does not even change the assumptions.  As to the point that the House-passed reconciliation bill could be handled in the Senate under what we call the rule XIV procedure--which is a way of bypassing the Finance Committee--the Congressional Budget Act clearly states that only a bill reported by the Finance Committee is entitled to the reconciliation protections. So you cannot bring something over from the House under rule XIV and have it reconciled. Our committee, and only our committee, has the responsibility to deal with this for the Senate.  Now, speaking to a specific program, I would address the issue that has come up about Medicaid. As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee--we have jurisdiction over the entire Medicaid Program--I am not bound by those budgetary assumptions. That is the third time I have said it. I hope it is clear. The chairman of the Senate Budget Committee and the Budget Committee can put certain assumptions in the resolution, and those are legitimate assumptions to put in the report, although we do not vote on those assumptions. But they are assumptions because it is legitimate for those of us in the Congress to expect the Budget Committee to be responsible. If you are going to put down a figure, you ought to have something to back it up. It should not be pulled out of the clear blue sky. It ought to be based on certain assumptions. That is what the Budget Committee and the chairman did, and that is what they should be doing. Now, I am not bound by those. I have respect for those, though, I want to point out, as I have respect for the work of the Budget Committee and its chairman. But I don't have to share the assumptions that any Budget Committee makes on how to arrive at the figure. In this particular instance, I might have different views about Medicaid. Frankly, I do. But that is not the issue of debate.  I happen to believe Medicaid is a vital safety net program for our most vulnerable citizens. It is for people who are low income. It is for pregnant women. It is for the elderly, for the disabled, and for others. States also spend a significant amount of their budgets on Medicaid. When I look at a program, how we save Medicaid money, if we go there--and we are going to have a responsibility to look at all this stuff; we might not even look at Medicaid at all, but we might--I have to be mindful of any effective changes we make to the Medicaid Program that it might have on the States, because this is a program where there is a partnership between the Federal Government and State governments and, in some States, even local governments.  Last year, for instance, this entire Congress felt very serious about doing something to help States, in addition to what we would do through Federal grants to the States, emergency grants, because most of the States had very tight budget situations. We gave $20 billion relief to States, of which $10 billion was just for Medicaid. I say that not that you need to be reminded of it, but I want you to know our committee, even 8 months ago, took into consideration the needs of the States.  I am going to look at how Federal tax dollars are spent, but I also have to know there is some impact they have on the States.  We also have to look at the reality of every Federal program. They ought to be reviewed from time to time. It seems to me we can look at Medicaid not as some sacred cow. Not that it is not a good program, not that it should not be preserved. It is part of the social safety net of our society. It will be maintained. It is a program that is 38 years old. But it is only an extension of a 200-year history our society has had of taking care of the most vulnerable, originally, entirely by counties or local governments. Then the States got involved, and then, in the 1940s, the Federal Government got involved in several ways. Then that was all kind of put together in the 1960s in the Medicaid Program.  There is no reason to think this is some sort of a flawless program thatcan't be made a better program. You don't even have to assume it is some program that at least a fraction of 1 percent maybe can't be saved to some extent. No conclusions on my part, but I wouldn't be a very good public official, a very good trustee of the taxpayers' money if I thought any program couldn't be looked at to see could we save a half of 1 percent out of that program.  I am not opposed to reviewing whether there are instances of fraud or abuse in the Medicaid Program, but I want you to know that I will conduct oversight activities and do it in the open. I will do it in a bipartisan manner. I am going to do it with extensive input from stakeholders.  I yield the floor.  