 President, I was hoping that the Senator from North Dakota would stay around. First, I support the Australia Free Trade Agreement because it is for the sole purpose that it is in the economic interest of the United States of America. I do it within our constitutional power to regulate interstate and foreign commerce. I do it in the tradition of the last 70 years, since the 1930s, of the United States doing everything it could to lead the rest of the world in the reduction of barriers to trade; to enhance not only the economy of the United States of America but the economy of the entire world.  Let no one have any doubt in their mind, this is in the economic interest of the United States and that is the only thing the United States ought to be considering as we consider this legislation.  The charge was made that the only reason we are doing this is because of the friendship of Australia and their support in our efforts in Iraq. If I can do something in the economic interest of the United States and at the same time enhance our relationships and show our respect for a friend in the world community of nations, I am not going to back away from doing that, because through almost 100 years of the involvement of the United States in military activity for the promotion of peace and liberty around the world Australia has been an ally on which we could count.  Australia is not going to agree to this agreement because they might like the United States of America. Australia is going to look at this and ask: Is it in their economic interest? Now, their administration has already said that it is because it is signed. I do not know whether Congress has acted down in Australia, but nobody is going to be concerned about the economic interests of America except Americans and the elected representatives of America. Nobody is going to be concerned about the economic interests of Australia except the people of Australia and their elected representatives.  It just happens that everything does not have to be black and white, that when we do things in public policy and in international trade and in our foreign relations sometimes things can be done to accomplish more than one thing, and it happens that we have an opportunity in this vote today not only to do something in the economic interests of the United States of America but also to enhance our relationship with a friend in the world.  From a member of a political party who is always badmouthing our President of the United States because he is engaged in world activities, military activities without seeking enough help from other nations and from the United Nations, I think it is talking out of both sides of your mouth when you condemn us for trying to do something for a nation that has been a friend of ours--in this case, Australia.  The other thing I noticed about the debate that just went on is the charts that have been put up all afternoon by people on the other side of the aisle bemoaning the unfavorable balance of trade we have. What do they want to do? Do they want to tell the consumers of America that you cannot buy from anywhere in the world you want? Why do we have the balance of trade we do? It is because the U.S. consumers are king and they can do anything they want to do and they are doing it. They are exercising their economic freedom. They are also exercising the opportunity of the marketplace to buy from what they think is the place to get the best quality for a certain price. That opportunity happens to be enhanced the greater the competition. The freer the trade around the world and the fairer the trade around the world, the more opportunities there are for our consumers to buy whatever they want to buy, of the quality they want, at what they consider a fair price.  I don't know that any Member of this Congress who has been complaining about the unfavorable balance of trade has introduced any legislation saying the consumers of America cannot buy this product or that product. Are they going to tell the consumers of North Dakota what they can buy or not buy? Are they going to certify to their people that their judgment as political leaders is better than the judgment of the consumer of America and the marketplace, including the consumer of North Dakota? I don't see them doing that.  The other thing is, why do we have an unfavorable balance of trade? One of the reasons is the people of America are not saving as much. But what do we get from the other side of the aisle when it comes to giving the taxpayers of America an opportunity to have more discretionary income? We hear complaints from the other side of the aisle that this side of the aisle is giving too many tax cuts because they happen to believe that 535 Members of Congress are smarter and better able to decide how to spend the money than the 130 million taxpayers of America. I don't believe that. But when taxes are high, there is less discretion for savings, and it impacts negatively upon our balance of trade.  The other thing I wonder about, with the other side of the aisle talking about the high trade deficit--one-third of that trade deficit comes from the importation of energy into America, mostly petroleum. We had an energy bill up last November, and that energy bill is defeated by a filibuster on the other side of the aisle. When we want to set an energy policy, so we import less energy, so we reduce our unfavorable balance of trade to some extent, they deliver 13 out of 49 Democrats to break a filibuster. When they want to kill the confirmation of judges who the President appoints, they can deliver 46 out of 49 Democrat votes to kill those judges. But when their own leader votes for a motion to bring about a national energy policy so we are not importing so much energy, so the balance of trade is not so unfavorable, what do we get from the other side? They don't even support their own leader when he says he needs it for his State.  So don't complain about the unfavorable balance of trade in America when you espouse policies that tend to make it worse, or question the wisdom of the consumers of America, to put your judgment above the judgment of 280 million people in America, that you know more than they do about what they ought to be doing with their money.  Now I want to address whether Congress is giving up constitutional power. I am addressing specifically the accusation that has been made by the Senator from North Dakota, Mr. Conrad, who just finished his remarks. First of all, I have yet to see the memo obtained by Senator Conrad from the Congressional Research Service which he says supports his claim that his amendment could be made constitutional. But in any event, with respect to his argument that one way to implement his amendment in a constitutional fashion would be in the statement of administrative action--and it is on that point that I want to comment--this is precisely the type of revisionist history that I warned of earlier, yesterday, in our committee meeting.  I read from the amendment that he put before the committee:       The amendment enhances the consultation requirement in the      waiver provisions by adding a requirement in paragraphs      202(c)(4) and 202(d)(5) that the Finance and the Ways and      Means Committees must both affirmatively approve a proposed      waiver before the USTR can waive the application of a      safeguard.  This amendment calls for specific changes to two sections of the implementing legislation. How could language added, then, to the statement of administrative action possibly effectuate this amendment, which calls for changes to the implementing bill? The answer is, very clearly it couldn't. But even if it could, this argument ignores the fact that the statement of administrative action is a statement of administrative action, not a statement of congressional action. But the amendment calls for action by two committees of Congress, not for action by the administration.  I would like to remind my colleague from North Dakota of the principle of separation of powers. In fact, that principle underlies the Supreme Court Chadha case and is the reason why the amendment as drafted and as voted on by the Finance Committee is unconstitutional. So any argument that the statement of administrative action offered a way to implement the amendment in a constitutional way is without merit.  What about the argument that the amendment could have been implemented in a constitutional way if requirements for action by the full Congress and presentation to the President for his signature were added, according to the decision of Chadha? In effect, under this interpretation, the amendment would require additional legislation to be enacted before a beef safeguard measure could be waived. That is the only way you could remain consistent with our Constitution. And it requires a contorted reading of the language of the amendment that was actually introduced and was voted on by the committee that day.  But let us assume that a legislative procedure was intended by the amendment, as contorted as that may be. The problem is, such a procedure conflicts with the obligations assumed by the United States in annex 3(a) of the agreement. In sections (b)(4) and (c)(5) of annex 3(a), the United States commits to retain the discretion not to apply a beef safeguard measure.  If the President is required to wait for congressional action before granting a waiver, that deprives the administration of the discretion to grant a waiver. Even if the amendment were to be implemented consistent with the U.S. Constitution, it would at the same time be inconsistent with the terms of the agreement.  Again, we see this amendment for what it truly is. It was political maneuvering, pure and simple. It was intended to obstruct the process. It was intended to force the administration to explain its rejection of an unconstitutional amendment or, based on these new arguments about constitutionality, the administration would be forced to explain its rejection of an amendment that was inconsistent with the agreement.  In either case, the administration's rejection of the amendment would have been used by some to argue that the trade promotion authority process was flawed, that the administration ignored the will of the Finance Committee.  They would have also argued that the administration had not done enough to protect the U.S. beef industry from imports, an allegation that is completely without merit if you read the terms of this agreement.  Any way that you revise the reading of the amendment, its purpose was to delay formal consideration of the bill and give opponents a political issue to try to exploit.  Again, as chairman of the Finance Committee, I did not want to see that happen. I wanted to end the obstructionism, end the political gamesmanship, and end the consideration of an unconstitutional amendment.  The majority of the committee voiced their will, and the amended recommendation was not approved. The trade promotion authority process was on and the process moved forward, leading us to the consideration of this very important legislation today, much in the economic interests of our people.  Again, I call on my colleagues to recognize the value of the underlying agreement with Australia and to support the implementation bill when we vote on it in a short period of time.  I yield the floor.  