 President, the state of children's health insurance program, or SCHIP, is one of the largest and most successful expansion of public health insurance for children since the creation of Medicaid. This vitally important program was created through a bipartisan commitment to expanding health coverage for children. Because today is the last day of the fiscal year for the Federal Government, $1.1 billion in unspent SCHIP funds are set to expire. These are funds that have been reallocated and then subsequently have had their availability extended several times over the past few years. In addition approximately $660 million in unspent 2002 state allotments are available to Secretary Thompson to redistribute to states that have spent their 2002 allotments.  I want to go on the record to say that I am absolutely committed to finding a bipartisan solution that will keep the $1.1 billion in the SCHIP program. Congress can, and should, address this issue before recessing in October, but if not, certainly before the close of the session. I want to work together with my colleagues in both parties toward a productive approach. The SCHIP program was created when people reached across the aisle and joined together to do the right thing to get kids health coverage. Today we need to move forward with this same spirit of cooperation and commitment.  We can also improve the SCHIP program to get more kids covered. In 2003, SCHIP covered 5.8 million targeted low-income individuals. However, a substantial number of children who are eligible for health coverage through SCHIP are not enrolled. This is a serious issue that deserves our thoughtful attention. We can do better.  The Federal Government should commit itself to getting more of these kids enrolled. They are entitled to health coverage under this vitally important program, yet billions of SCHIP dollars lie unspent. These unspent dollars are not helping any children today. I would hope that we can work out a plan to target a portion of the $1.1 billion in expiring SCHIP funding towards a coordinated SCHIP outreach plan so that as many eligible children as possible receive the coverage they deserve.  Of course, I am aware that there are fiscal concerns from states that can impede their ability to use State dollars to match Federal SCHIP dollars. Some are also concerned that increased enrollment will place a burden on states already struggling with the rising cost of health care. I really believe, however, that we can find a way to get more kids covered and provide states incentives to do so.  The fact that these funds are expiring does not mean that the SCHIP program is in danger of imminent collapse. That is not the case. While I am informed by CMS that six States face potential SCHIP shortfalls in FY05, Secretary Thompson has indicated that, unless Congress passes legislation to address these shortfalls, he will redistribute the approximately $660 million in 2002 allotments, which is more than enough to make up for these shortfalls in 2005.  Working together, Congress can reallocate the expiring $1.1 billion after tomorrow with no impact on the SCHIP program. In fact, in the past, Congress has acted months later to reallocate expired SCHIP funds back into the program. So it is not the case that September 30th is the ``drop dead date'' for action. In fact, when the FY1998 and FY1999 reallocations expired at the close of FY2002, Congress acted in 2003 to ``reinstate'' these funds throughSeptember 30, 2004. So, even if Congress acts in November to reallocate these funds, this is how Congress has dealt with the issue in the past and it can be done again.  We can work together to get the job done. I am committed to working with members on both sides of the aisle to reach a bipartisan agreement so that we can keep the $1.1 billion in the SCHIP program, address the projected 6-state shortfall and get as many kids as possible the health care coverage for which they are entitled. I believe we can do it if we all commit ourselves to putting kids first and moving ahead together.  