 He was active in helping us arrive at a solution, even though he was not on the conference committee. I would emphasize one thing he said, because I hope it sets a pattern for the future and maybe would relieve the Democratic Members of the Senate of some nervousness they have about conferences: This does set an example of both sides of the aisle participating fully in the conference, because we want to be able to use that pattern for the future. Wherever I am involved, we are going to use that in the future.  I thank the Senator from Mississippi. When the Senator from Mississippi asked to intervene, I had already emphasized the temporary aspects of this legislation and what it included and the necessity for it. Now I want to speak about the need for permanent reform because this is temporary legislation. It is a first step in what needs to be done to preserve the defined benefit pension plan.  While this 2-year interest rate fix provides a temporary solution, we must take action then on a permanent solution. Pension plan sponsors continue to confront a world of uncertainty until we get a permanent replacement. They need to be able to budget for future pension expenses. It is unfair to leave them in financial limbo. If we continue to do so, many will simply abandon pension plans altogether. We ought to be promoting the concept of pensions rather than doing things that encourage companies to abandon pensions for their employees.  There is uncertainty facing our pension system on a variety of other fronts as well. Our pension system needs funding rules that make sense and help avoid the funding problems many plans are facing today. In that regard, I was very pleased this conference agreement included a provision from the Senate bill that allowed plans that have funded their plans well and responsibly in recent years to continue making contributions.  Pension plans also are facing uncertainty due to the fact many of our pension laws predate the development of new and innovative pension plan designs that have been developed to meet the needs of today's workers. This uncertainty should be removed, and our pension laws and regulations should be brought up to date to take account of positive developments and evolutions in pension plans.  Defined pension plans are an irreplaceable part of our national retirement system. We owe it to the millions of workers and retirees who participate in these plans to make them as strong as possible. We also owe it to the young people of our country today to ensure our pension system remains healthy and vibrant, so they can benefit from these plans many years from now.  This bill is a first step to address what many experts have called a crisis in our pension system. I hope we in Congress can work on a bipartisan basis to address these problems. I look forward to working with my colleagues on that long-term solution.  (The remarks of Mr. Grassley pertaining to the introduction of S. 2307 are located in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  