 President, we all know we are likely to pass only a few major tax bills this election year, and we know one of the most important tax bills is the jobs in manufacturing bill that comes up for a cloture vote tomorrow. We know the only way the JOBS in manufacturing bill can pass is a ``yes'' vote on the motion to stop debate or, as we call it in the Senate, cloture. That vote will be tomorrow.  Once again, we must ask, will the Democrats say no to cloture? Will they say no to stopping debate? Will they refuse to allow us to get to finality on this very important bipartisan legislation that when it comes to a final vote will overwhelmingly pass in the Senate? Will they go on record opposing the provisions that are in this bill? Democrats should not because this is a bipartisan bill. This is a bill that every Democrat member of the Senate Finance Committee voted yes on to report it from committee.  Keep in mind that the jobs in manufacturing bill could be the last train out of town this year. It has to get done if we are going to end the sanctions and tariffs that have been put on U.S. exports to Europe as a result of the United States not following our own trade agreements.  Each time a Member votes against stopping debate, it lessens the chance that this bill is going to go forward. In fact, it kills off many good measures in the jobs in manufacturing bill. From the very beginning, this bill was overwhelmingly bipartisan. In fact, there was a bipartisan agreement that we need to pass this bill because there is a bipartisan agreement of long standing that the United States agrees to international trade agreements, and we have an obligation to do our part and live up to those agreements.  A ``no'' vote on this motion tomorrow is an obstruction to the bipartisanship that is expressed in the language of this bill.  I would like to briefly go through some of the measures that are in this jobs in manufacturing bill. What I am going to refer to is what a lot of Members of both political parties have asked for the consideration of by my committee and for inclusion in the language of this bill. I will go over what is in this bill and sincerely ask why the Democrat leadership is willing to tell its members to kill the bill by voting no to stopping debate.  This bill will end $4 billion a year of sanctions against the United States and our exports. As of March 1, those sanctions are being imposed against U.S. exports of grain, timber, paper, and manufactured goods.  You will later hear my comments on the products that are being hit right now by sanctions. I think each Member ought to know how this is affecting the economy of their district.  First, manufacturing jobs are good jobs in America. They pay 15 percent above the national average. If jobs are related to exports, there is a tariff on your exports in another country and we aren't competitive, those jobs aren't going to exist very long.  Think about what that would do in Waterloo, IA, for one-fifth of the tractors that come off the assembly line being exported. We couldn't afford to lose one-fifth of the jobs at John Deere in Waterloo, IA, because of these tariffs.  We can end the sanctions that are in this bill, but will the Democrats say no to cloture so we don't end sanctions?  This bill provides $75 billion of tax relief to our U.S.-based manufacturing sector to promote factory hiring here in the United States. It is not going to benefit corporations for that portion of their manufacturing overseas.  Will the Democrats say no to $75 billion worth of help, and help create jobs in factories in America, particularly considering the fact that every day you hear comments about outsourcing, and they expect us to do something about outsourcing? This bill will do something about outsourcing.  The jobs in manufacturing bill extends the research and development tax credit through next year. This is a domestic tax benefit that generates research and development in the United States. That translates into good high-paying jobs for workers in the United States--not overseas. The amendment we had on research and development passed overwhelmingly with a bipartisan vote.  Why would Democrats say no to a bipartisan provision in this bill? Will they? I hope not.  The jobs in manufacturing bill extends for 2 years many tax provisions that expired either last year or are going to expire this year. This would include items such as a work opportunity tax credit and the welfare-to-work tax credit and make the merger of those credits permanent. Senator Bayh and Senator Santorum asked for these provisions, and we included them. Will these Senators vote for cloture? They should.  Senator Breaux and Senator Snowe asked for a provision that allows naval shipbuilders to use a method of accounting which results in more favorable income tax credit treatment. We included that provision in this bill for Senator Breaux and Senator Snowe. They each have reasons to vote for cloture to get these amendments to the President for his signature.  There are enhanced depreciation provisions to help the ailing airline industry. Senator Lincoln, Senator Brownback, and Senator Roberts asked for these provisions. I hope they will vote to stop debate tomorrow so we can get to finality on this legislation.  There are what is referred to as new homestead provisions. These were requested by Senator Dorgan, Senator Baucus, Senator Thomas, Senator Enzi, and Senator Crapo. I hope these Senators will vote to stop debate sowhat they have asked me to do can get to the President for his signature.  There are rural development provisions to create businesses in counties that are losing population. For example, they provide incentives for starting or expanding rural businesses in a rural outmigration county when it hits a certain percentage of outmigration.  At the request of Senator Dorgan, we also included a new market tax credit for high outmigration counties. These credits help economic development in rural counties that have lost over 10 percent of their population.  There is only one way this homestead and the new market provisions can become law; that is, to have the Senate stop debate. That takes 60 votes.  For Senators we have tried to work with to get their provisions included, if they aren't willing to help stop debate and move this bill along, why would they even ask me to include provisions in the bill if they do not want this bill to move along?  The jobs in manufacturing bill includes brownfields revitalization which was requested by Senators Lautenberg, Dole, and Inhofe. The bill helps tax-exempt investors that invest in the cleanup and remediation of qualified brownfields sites.  I hope those Senators who asked me to include their provisions in my bill will decide they should vote to stop debate. Without getting over that hurdle, you never get to final passage.  Senators Bob Graham, Breaux, and Hatch asked us to include the mortgage bonds revenue measure. It would repeal the current rule that doesn't allow revenue bond payments to be used for issuing new mortgages.  There are 70 cosponsors of this bill. The 70 Members who took time to study this provision on mortgage revenue bonds and signed it surely want this bill to become law. Otherwise, why would they put their signature on it? That means that tomorrow those 70 Senators ought to be stopping debate so we can move on to finality.  Another provision is allowing a deduction for private mortgage insurance. This was asked for by Senator Lincoln and Senator Smith. It benefits people struggling to afford a home. I hope no one votes against their idea. Home ownership is the dream of all Americans. It is the American dream. This provision helps that along a little bit.  Some might say we have the highest percentage of home ownership this country has ever seen at 68 percent. Yes. But what about the other 32 percent? This might help some of those people who might not otherwise be able to afford a home.  In most cases, you have to buy mortgage insurance. If you buy mortgage insurance, it costs money for lower income people who are on the edge of owning a home or not owning a home. This might just help them get their loan through. But a vote against cloture would be a vote against this deduction that might bring the American dream to a few more young people.  Our bill includes the tax credit for employers for wages paid to reservists who have been called to active duty. Senator Landrieu and Senator Allen asked for this provision. I hope we will have their vote tomorrow, if they are serious about helping our guardsmen and reservists who have been called to action because of the war on terrorism. Otherwise, what is the point of asking me to put this in the bill if they are not helping us to move it to finality?  At the request of Senator Schumer and Senator Clinton, we have extended and enhanced the Liberty Zone bonds provided for the rebuilding of Lower Manhattan. We also included $200 million in new tax credits to be used for rail infrastructure projects in the New York Liberty Zone; again, responding to the needs of the people in New York because of what happened on September 11. These two Senators came to me and asked for consideration of these provisions in this bill, and in a bipartisan way, we try to do things and we have responded accordingly.  Are they serious about getting these provisions into law for their New York constituents? If so, then they ought to vote for cloture and move this bill to finality.  We even included the renewable communities provisions requested by Senators Clinton and Schumer.  Will the Senate Democratic leadership ask their members to vote against Liberty Zone funding for meeting the needs of the people of New York by voting no on cloture? We should not deny funding for the Liberty Zone just to prove a political point on a proposed labor regulation that may never be finalized in the first place. Even if it is finalized, Congress can always overturn it under the Congressional Review Act.  Hundreds of regulations are proposed in Washington every week. Very few make it to the finish line. So why is the Democrat leadership holding up funding for the Liberty Zone over a proposed regulation? This is not responsible governance. This is not responsible opposition. There is a legitimacy in our form of government, one party being in the opposition and the other party being in the majority. They play a very important role in making people responsible. Do we hold up every piece of legislation because it is an election year and Members think next year they might be in a majority, so they can do what they want to do?  All of these requests that are made to me, why not hold them up until next year? Then I would not have to be considering them at this point. If they are important, we ought to move this legislation along. In other words, we should have responsible opposition in the process of everybody making their points.  The Liberty Zone needs our help, and we need to behave as adults and get this bill completed.  In the jobs in manufacturing act we increase small business industrial development bonds to spur economic development in rural areas. This was requested by Senator Pryor and Senator Thomas. I hope they will vote for cloture tomorrow.  We have bonds for rebuilding school infrastructure. These were requested by Senator Conrad.  We have included tribal bonds in the jobs in manufacturing bill, requested by Senator Campbell and Senator Johnson. I am sure this is supported by Senator Daschle, as well, because he has a record of supporting Native American projects. These bonds allow the same rules that apply to tax-exempt bonds for State and local governments to apply to Native American tribes issuing tax-exempt bonds to finance facilities on their reservations. That is just an explanation, not something new. In other words, if it is good for one State and local government, why shouldn't it be good for the governance of our tribes?  We have included tribal school bonds, again, as requested by Senator Johnson and Senator Campbell. Under current law, there is no class of bonds designated for the purpose of encouraging school construction on Indian reservations. This provision fills that void. We have a tribal new markets tax credit which was added at the request of Senator Daschle and Senator Campbell. This amendment adds $50 million a year to economic development on reservation land.  Will the Democrat leadership tell Democrats to vote against closing debate and kill these Native American measures? Again, if they do not want to get it done, why did they come to me and ask for me to include these things?  We have also included the Civil Rights Tax Fairness Act. This is at the request of Senator Bingaman and Senator Collins. This is very important.  We have Senator Conrad and Senator Santorum and Senator Bunning asking we add a change in section 815 of the Tax Code. The provision suspends applicable rules imposing income tax on certain distributions to shareholders from the policyholder's surplus account of a life insurance company. This is included in the bill.  We have a special dividend allocation rule that benefits farmers' cooperatives. Senator Lincoln and Senator Coleman asked it be included.  We have other farm provisions that give cattlemen tax-free treatment if they replace livestock because of something beyond their own control, such as drought, floods, or weather-related conditions. Senator Daschle and Senator Thomas asked for that.  At the request of Senator Cantwell and Senator Thomas, we included a provision that allows payments under the National Health Service Corps loan repayment program to be exempt from tax. This is an important measure to enhance the delivery of medical services in rural America.  We included the passenger rail infrastructure tax credits at the request ofSenator Carper. It provides $500 million for intercity passenger rail capital projects. We also included the short-line credits requested by Senator Smith and Senator Brownback.  At the request of Senator Rockefeller and Senator Hatch, we added a provision to allow taxpayers to apply their bonus depreciation against the alternative minimum tax credits. This measure is very important to the steel mills of West Virginia; hence, Senator Rockefeller.  A provision benefiting Oldsmobile dealers was included at the request of Senator Baucus and Senator Bingaman. The proposal provides tax-free treatment for Oldsmobile dealers because their franchise is being terminated.  How many times have we heard Members talk about the need to make broadband available in rural communities? We know it is essential to the economic competitiveness of rural America, particularly since we see so many Asian companies, so far in advance of the United States in broadband. To keep our economy competitive, it ought to be here. But we also know many Democratic Senators support this. It is, likewise, in the bill.  Senator Murray and Senator Smith asked for the forest industry bond provisions in this bill. That allows nonprofits to use tax-exempt bond financing to acquire forest land, to achieve better balance between the goals of conservationists and the timber industry. Up to $1.5 billion in bonds may be issued under this program. That, sir, is a lot of conservation money.  At the request of Senator Boxer, we have included a proposal that would allow employers to take a 50-percent tax credit against the FICA taxes for wages paid to the first responders who are called to active duty. We added a second measure at Senator Boxer's request. This proposal would allow farmers and ranchers to take a 30-percent credit for the installation of irrigation equipment which reduces water use. The credit would be limited to land that has received drought assistance during the past 3 years.  Anyone who votes against cloture is voting to kill all the items I just listed. Why would people come to me as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and ask me to include provisions in the bill if they do not want to get this bill to the President for signature? Tomorrow, they have their chance.  We had debate extended on this bill 2 weeks ago, and we had a vote to stop debate. Debate was not stopped. So tomorrow we vote again. We have to get over this hurdle to get all these provisions that have been requested in this bill and to get it to the President for his signature.  I hope Members are sincere about all this legislation that is introduced. I hope Members are sincere in telling me how important their amendments are to this bill. I hope Members will show that sincerity tomorrow when we have a chance to stop debate and complete this bill.  All the beneficial provisions I have just discussed are being held hostage this minute because the Democratic leadership is pushing for a vote on an issue that is not even in this bill. The vote is an attempt to embarrass the administration in an election year about a proposed labor regulation on overtime. The Democrats said the regulation was going final, and they had to add it to the jobs in manufacturing bill; otherwise, they would block this bill. That was 2 weeks ago. The regulation is still not final. And who knows, the way bureaucracy moves, it may never be final but continue to tilt at windmills, and what will come.  But it seems to me that it is politics all the time. It is politics from the Democrat leadership, and it is obstructing an important piece of legislation. More importantly, right now, it is obstructing legislation that most of the members of the other party have asked me to include in this bill. Now, why do you ask me to include it in the bill if you are not going to vote to get the bill to the President? This sort of obstructionism is inexcusable because we have worked hard throughout this process to make sure that everyone's concerns--both Republican and Democrat--were incorporated into this bill. Why? Because I know you do not get anything done in this body that is not bipartisan.  People who want to be partisan can be partisan, but they are not going to get done what they want done either. So you bring the Senate to a standstill. We have tried, in the spirit of bipartisanship, to respond. This legislation and all these amendments included are responding to that bipartisanship. You see that effort in the amendments I just listed.  But if it were not overtime, it would be something else to obstruct this bill. It could be the minimum wage; it could be trade adjustment assistance for services; it could be some kind of health care issue--anything to block the jobs in manufacturing bill at the very same time people on the other side of the aisle are complaining because we are not doing enough to stop outsourcing. This bill will help do that.  It is all about the Democratic leadership keeping the European Union sanctions in place to drive down the economy, because if the economy is not very good this fall, they think they have a better chance of electing their people. This is outrageous when you consider the bipartisan history of this jobs in manufacturing bill.  The JOBS bill is a completely bipartisan bill. Construction of the bill began when Senator Baucus was chairman of the Finance Committee in 2002. Senator Baucus and I have always worked with our Finance Committee colleagues on the bipartisan development of this Foreign Sales Corporation/Extraterritorial Income Act repeal and also the international tax reform provisions of this bill.  Let me emphasize, there is not one provision in this JOBS bill that was not agreed to by both Republicans and Democrats. I have already said, every Democrat in the committee--all 10 of them--voted for this bill to be reported out of committee. We have acted in good faith to produce a bill that protects American manufacturing jobs and to make our companies globally competitive--the same thing you hear Senator Kerry speaking about on the campaign trail, about making our corporations competitive. In fact, he even has a proposal that would reduce corporate taxes the same way we do.  Let's get on with the business at hand and finish this bill; vote for cloture tomorrow, stop debate, put this bipartisan jobs in manufacturing bill ahead of partisan politics. Then we can show the people of this country that the adults are in charge of the Senate, and we can get the JOBS bill--creating jobs in manufacturing--out of the Senate and eventually to the President.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator from Mississippi.  