 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume. I will take a few minutes in closing this debate to thank some folks who made this tax relief possible.  First of all, as I said in my opening remarks, President Bush made middle-income tax relief a priority. He pursued this package with focus, with determination, and with good humor.  The bottom line is, we wouldn't be here today without the leadership of our President.  Next, I would like to thank our majority leader, Senator Frist. Like the President, Leader Frist made this bill a priority. His patience and dedication in backing me as we moved through the conference process was very important.  Then I would like to thank for the second time, and not too many times can I do that because not enough times make up for the cooperation I have received, my friend and colleague, Senator Baucus, the ranking member on the Democratic side in the Finance Committee. We didn't agree on all points, as he stated, but we agreed on most of the substance of the bill and the direction of the policy. Senator Baucus and other conferees, including Senators Lott, Nickles, and Lincoln--each of the conferees brought strong views to the process. Sometimes those views differed sharply.  For instance, as you have seen in tonight's debate, Senator Lincoln and Senator Nickles also do not agree on refundable tax credits. Both of them made principled reasons for their views. They are passionate.  The conference agreement reflects a fair balance of those sharply divided positions.  This bill would not have come to the floor without the work of staff. I thank them very much. I would like to thank Senate Finance Republican staff, Kolan Davis, staff director; Mark Prater, chief tax counsel; Ed McClennan; Elizabeth Paris Dean Zerbe, whom we also refer to around here on the floor as ``the white tornado.'' We also thank Christy Mistr. She happens to be a brandnew mom. She came back early to help us get this bill worked out. We thank also John O'Neill, a new addition to our staff; Adam Freed, graduate of the fine school known as the University of Northern Iowa where I graduated; also, our press team of Jill Kozeny and Jim Gerber. They helped our committee get the word out.  Then, on the Senate Democratic staff, obviously, very good staff, very professional: Russ Sullivan, staff director; Bill Dauster; Patrick Heck; Melissa Mueller; Matt Jones; Anita HornRizek; Jon Selib; Judy Miller; Matt Grenasci; Matt Stokes; and Ryan Abraham; Senate legislative counsel: Jim Fransen, Mark Mathiesen, and Mark McMonagle.  And then we have on the Joint Tax Committee: George Yin, Tom Barthold, and their entire crew.  And then we have the GOP leadership staff: Lee Rawls, Eric Ueland, and Rohit Kumar all helping.  With Senator Lincoln's staff, Mac Campbell; Senator Nickles' staff: Rachel Jones, and Hazen Marshall.  Mr. President, I would like to sum up what this bill is all about.  As the bill title says, it is about America's families. It is about providing tax relief to hard-working men and women in America. When I think about it, I consider the families on the farms back home. In the fields of Iowa, folks are starting the harvest. In the factories of Davenport, IA, and in the offices in Des Moines, great insurance companies, people are working hard to raise their kids, and this bill will help them.  Let me take some time here to correct what have been very troubling statements about the Working Families Tax Relief Act and its benefits for low-income working families.  Let's be clear--this bill provides enormous benefits to working families and especially to low-income families.  Let me remind my colleagues of where we have been on this bill. The Senate passed legislation in 2003 that called for accelerating the refundability of the child credit from 10 percent to 15 percent, providing for a uniform definition of a child, and including combat pay for purposes of calculating the child tax credit. That was what the Senate passed in 2003. At the same time, the other body passed legislation that also accelerated the refundability but the other body did not include the uniform definition of a child and did not include the combat pay provisions as it relates to the child tax credit.  We then went to conference and thanks to President Bush's leadership we have been successful in reaching an agreement.  What does our conference bill do in regards to the Senate-passed legislation affecting low-income families? The conference report agrees with every single one of them. Let me repeat that, the conference report accepted every single provision in the Senate-passed bill that was directed to helping low-income families.  The conference made the uniform definition of a child permanent. This is an extremely important simplification effort that creates a uniform definition of a child for the dependency exemption, child credit, the Earned Income Credit, the dependent care credit, and head-of-household filing status. This long-overdue simplification makes many more taxpayers--especially low-income taxpayers--eligible for a child-related benefit. This is at a cost of over $1.5 billion over 10 years and is the only substantive tax provision in this bill that is made permanent.  The conference agreed to accelerate refundability and also the combat pay provisions in the Senate-passed legislation. These two provisions provide over $2 billion in benefits.  So again, as people wring their hands, lets remember that the conference agreed to every single tax provision in the Senate-passed bill targeted for low-income families. In fact, there was only one provision in the Senate bill that was targeted to help families making over $100,000--the elimination of the marriage penalty of the child credit. What happened that provision? It was dropped in conference.  But the conference did not stop with just accepting all the Senate provisions that help low-income families. The conference added to the provisions that will help low-income families.  First, the conference provided expanded benefits for our men and women in uniform receiving combat pay. They will now also be able to get expanded benefits under the earned income credit. While combat pay is excluded for income purposes, our soldiers, sailors and airmen can elect to include combat pay if it will assist them in getting an increase in the earned income credit.  This is a new provision that helps low-income military families. It was not included in the Senate proposal. This, combined with other provisions in the bill means that targeted relief for low-income military families receiving combat pay is increased in this conference report by nearly six times over what was provided in the Senate proposal. Let me repeat that, the conference report provides almost six times greater targeted relief for military families receiving combat pay then was included in the Senate proposal.  Turning to the other items that assist low-income families: Second, the conference increases the child credit to $1,000 and extends it through 2010. This will benefit low and middle-income families.  Third, we extend the lowest tax-bracket, the 10 percent tax bracket, which at its core benefits low-income families.  Fourth, we extend marriage penalty relief which helps low-income taxpayers along with all taxpayers.  There is over $23 billion in outlays contained in this bill--that reflects primarily the extension of the child credit, the lowering of the rates and refundability portions. Thus, of a $145 billion tax cut, over $23 billion of it is targeted to low-income families who have little to no federal income tax liability.  So lets put this to rest. The conference report is better then what the Senate proposed for low-income families and better then what the Senate proposed to help military families.  Now, let me turn to another chestnut that has been put out. That chestnut is that the tax laws will harm 4 million low-income families. This is a bait and switch focusing on one issue and ignores the overall tax code and all the tax legislation contained in this bill.  The threshold for the refundable child tax credit--included in the 2001 bill--is that for those who do not pay taxes should still benefit from the child tax credit beginning at $10,000 in income--and that was indexed for inflation. This was agreed to by the supporters of this provision in 2001 and eliminating the index was not included in the Senate proposal last year.  Unfortunately we are now hearing from those who don't want to be reminded of these facts.  I am saddened by those who want to muddy all the tremendous work we have accomplished for working families in this bill. To argue that we are raising taxes on those making less than $11,000 or less is completely and utterly wrong. First, it is current law that requires indexing, there is nothing in this bill that requires indexing. Second, these are families who do not have a federal income tax liability. They pay no taxes. So it is wrong to say that they are having an increase in taxes.  Third, the naysayers completely ignore the benefits being provided in this bill when they pull numbers from thin air. For example, the indexing of the $10,000 next year provided in the 2001 bill will mean that a family making $18,000 with a child will lose approximately $40 in child credit benefits, but that same family--because of this bill--will see their child credit benefit increase by $300 because of the accelerated refundability and making the child credit $1000.  The naysayers want to just pick and choose the provisions and not look at the whole package. When you look at the overall package the vast majority of the families they talk about being harmed by the 2001 agreement to index the refundable credit will actually be benefiting from the overall package.  And finally for those families--far, far fewer than the number of 4 million thrown around--that may see no child credit because of indexing, we must bear in mind the EIC benefits that are also indexed. Indexing of the refundable child tax credit must be understood in conjunction with the EIC benefit, and cannot be looked at in a vacuum.  For example, in 2001 a single parent making $10,500 and with two children had no federal income tax liability and received the maximum earned income credit of $4008. In 2003, that same parent, still making $10,500, will now receive a nearly $200 increase in her earned income credit and receive a check for $4,204.  It is accurate that because of indexing the family will not receive the $50 previously provided under the refundable child credit, but it is important to understand it in the context of the overall benefits provided in the tax code.  I recognize that for a low-income family even $50 is important and that is why in conference I supported an amendment to end indexing inflation of the refundable portion. But I encourage Senators to keep their feet on the ground when discussing this and instead reflect on the enormous benefits this bill provides to low-income families who do not have a federal income tax liability--nearly $24 billion--and to also keep in mind the other very beneficial provisions that are in the tax code already that assist low income families.  We have done very right by low-income families and especially military families in this bill and in the overall tax code.  I know as Senators and the American people examine this matter closely they will see the enormous good that is in this bill and not be swayed by the naysayers.  This bill will provide great benefit to low-income families and military families and that is a credit to President Bush and Senators on both sides of the aisle, and it is why we will see this legislation receive overwhelmingly support in the Senate.  Just to be clear, what we are talking about here is not whether to provide a certain EIC benefit but whether or not to review administration of that tax benefit in two years as we do with other expiring tax provisions. There are several administrative reasons why that may be appropriate in this circumstance.  In general, changes to the earned income credit should be studied carefully in light of the current error rate in the program's administration which exceeds 30 percent and results in nearly $10 billion of erroneous payments annually. Many are working to reform these problems and we don't want to work against their efforts.  With respect to the combat zone proposal itself, the IRS has indicated that the proposal--which allows taxpayers to elect into the provision--will increase complexity of the EIC and make administration of the provision harder.  For these reasons, we should review the effectiveness of the provision in two years and make any necessary adjustments to the provision at that time.  In addition, the preponderance of the bill benefits working families including military families.  With the exception of a clean extension of expiring tax provisions and certain technical corrections, this bill focuses 100 percent on providing tax relief to working families including those serving in the military.  In particular, the bill ensures that parents serving in the military receive an income tax credit of $1,000 per child each year. For military families at the lowest levels of income, the refundability provisions of the child tax credit have also been enhanced beginning in 2004.  This legislation further provides that military wages earned by parents in a combat zone will be treated as earned income for purposes of the child credit. This ensures that families whose only income consists of combat zone wages will be eligible for the refundable child credit.  One very important provision of the bill may provide economic and mental relief to working families. For the most part, we have provided a single definition of a ``child'' for tax purposes. For some, this will mean additional family tax benefits; for everyone, the bill gives needed simplification for working families filing the most basic of tax returns.  Finally, the bill provides permanent tax relief to the first $14,000 of all dual family taxable wages.  In conclusion, this legislation would ensure that a single mom in the military with 2 kids making $25,000 would save 5 percent on the entire amount of her first $14,000 of wages. It would ensure that she gets two child tax credits of $1,000 per child so that her federal income tax liability, to the extent she has any, would be reduced dollar-for-dollar by that $2,000 credit amount. If she does not have any federal income tax liability already--which is very possible--further enhancements to the refundability provisions of the bill ensure that she could receive a check for the full amount of her child credits totaling $2,000. Finally, if she works in a designated ``combat zone,'' the bill treats her combat zone wages as earned income to give her the full benefit of the child credit and the combat zone exclusion.  So you see, this bill provides significant tax relief to military families.  Let me make one more critical point about the issue of earned income credit and combat pay. We should all remember that at one time we did have combat pay included for purposes of the earned income credit. Then in the 2001 budget proposal, the Clinton administration requested the Congress to exclude from the EIC calculations all income excluded from gross income--including combat pay--for the purposes of determining the EIC. This request was made because of concerns of simplification and administration.  So it was the Clinton administration that proposed this change regarding exclusion of combat pay from EIC--a change that this bill today reverses.  I make this point not to cast a shadow over the Clinton administration's proposal but to highlight--as Senators raise their voices about the EIC combat provision being only a two year proposal--that it was the Clinton administration itself that first raised the concerns about the difficulty of administering combat pay and EIC benefits and asked that the code be changed.  We need to get this right. A confusing and unworkable tax provision will do more harm than good as military families unnecessarily find themselves crossways of the IRS.  We need to ensure that we are giving our military families a tax benefit that will do the job right.  Senator McCain criticized the extension of section 45. It is a renewable energy production credit. It is current law. The bottom line is the expiring tax provisions were treated similarly. All expiring tax provisions were extended through December 31, 2005.  Everyone agrees we need to reduce America's dependence on imported oil. The renewable energy production credit is one incentive that will help move America to energy independence. To let this incentive lapse would be to send the wrong signal to America's alternative energy producers. More dependence on Middle East oil is the wrong answer.  