 President, I am happy to be, once again, on the floor with a very important piece of legislation. With the cooperation of the Democratic leadership of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Baucus, we bring to the floor a bill that was voted out of committee 19 to 2. Senator Baucus and I always work together as much as we can--that is, most of the time--to bring to the Senate a bill that can get through the Chamber because as so many people who watch the Senate regularly know, the Senate, unlike the House of Representatives, can't function if it does not function in a bipartisan way.  So we proceed, then, with this bipartisan bill: the Jumpstart Our Business Strength Act. If I refer to the acronym JOBS, it is jumpstart our business strength.  Since March 2000, long before President Bush took office, the manufacturing sector has been under significant economic pressure. Obviously, that has affected manufacturing workers. A recent CBO study estimates that going way back to March 2000, an estimated 3 million workers have lost their manufacturing jobs.  The Congressional Budget Office attributes this job decline to the recession that began in November 2000 and the weak economy in demand that followed, part of it a result of September 11 and recovery not coming as normal as recoveries do.  But we always tend to look at bad news. Bad news tends to make the front pages of the newspaper. Good news tends to make the back pages, if there is good news printed at all.  There is good news on the horizon. That is, that new manufacturing orders, just this past December, surged to their highest levels in 50 years. They haven't been that high since July of 1950. And January was the sixth consecutive month that manufacturing activity expanded. In December, the manufacturing employment index grew for the second consecutive month, but the overall economy during that month added 1,000 jobs only. That was, of course, disappointing. But it wasn't disappointing from the standpoint of the manufacturing employment index growing because it seems that is the lagging sector of this recovery.  I believe we are on the right path for a strong recovery. In fact, there has been a recovery underway since economists ruled that the last recession ended October 1, 2001. But when a recovery ends, it is not always visible. Of course, it is visible in most segments of the economy by very strong indices that are there to prove that. But one area that is not is manufacturing employment. We do now have those 2 consecutive months of increased employment.  I believe we are on the right path to strong recovery, but we must do more to ensure manufacturing stays on the path of recovery. Manufacturing is so vital to the overall health of our economy, including follow-on sectors that benefit: the service and financial sectors.  As government policymakers, which we are, we have to act to revitalize the manufacturing sector. Today we have some good news on manufacturing, and that is, the legislation we bring to the Senate, because it is going to help enhance employment in the manufacturing sector.  As I have said previously, but I cannot emphasize too much, by a vote of 19 to 2 this bill was voted out of the Senate Finance Committee. Our bill is a bipartisan balance of domestic tax relief and international tax reforms, all meant to strengthen American business. Not as an end in itself, but as business strengthens, jobs are created. We are talking about jobs for Americans.  Most importantly, this bill is revenue neutral. That is important, when we read in the newspapers about facing a budget deficit. This bill then will not add one dime to the Federal deficit. The JOBS bill will repeal the current FSC/ETI regime and use all the money from repeal to provide a 3-point tax rate cut on income from U.S.-based manufacturing. I emphasize U.S.-based manufacturing. We start those cuts phasing in next year. This 3-point rate cut is only for manufacturing and only for manufacturing in the United States. This bill will not help American manufacturers that want to manufacture offshore.  I point out how our bill would approach this effort to help create jobs in American manufacturing and do it on American soil as opposed to the way that the Ways and Means Committee of the other body, and even other bills that will be offered in the upcoming debate, would face these issues. Our bill reducing taxes applies to all that manufacture in America.  I wish to make clear to our colleagues this is a bill to help manufacturing in the United States. American companies that manufacture overseas will not get the benefit of the corporate rate reduction. Foreign corporations that want to come over here to America and build plants and employ people in this country would get the benefit. But this bill is about helping American manufacturing that takes place in the United States of America.  I wish to differentiate the approach we use from the approach the Ways and Means Committee uses.  Unlike the pending Ways and Means bill, and other bills that will be offered during the upcoming debate, these cuts apply to all who manufacture in America, regardless of size. So this is going to include sole proprietors, partnerships, farmers, individuals, family businesses, multinational corporations, and foreign companies that set up manufacturing plants in the United States. All of these enterprises will benefit as long as they manufacture.  So the objectives of this bill are pretty simple. Three: Jobs, jobs, jobs, meaning jobs that pay money because of manufacturing in America.  Manufacturing is important to all States, and I want to point out some benefits. For my State of Iowa--the figures I have are for 2001--Iowa's gross State product was $91 billion. Of that, $19 billion or 21 percent of the State's wealth was created by manufacturing. From 2001 to 2002, Iowa's exports grew by nearly 15 percent. We shipped nearly $5 billion of goods out of Iowa, and that was during the year 2002.  In Iowa, we have 222,000 jobs in manufacturing. So that shows how important it is for the United States to be competitive in manufacturing both home and abroad because of 222,000 jobs just in my State. Those kinds of export numbers translate into very good and lasting jobs at home. Many of our country's manufacturing jobs are dependent upon the current FSC/ETI international taxing regime.  I have a map behind me that makes this very clear. It shows by State the jobs that are existing today because of the current FSC/ETI provision: South Carolina, 47,000 jobs; my State of Iowa, 35,000 jobs; California, 429,000 jobs; Texas, 262,000; New York, 215,000; Illinois, 156,000; Washington State, 107,000 jobs generated by FSC/ETI.  As my colleagues probably know, FSC/ETI stands for Foreign Sales Corporation, extraterritorial income. This is what was determined to be contrary to our international trade agreements, and that is why we have this legislation before us because if we do not do something about this issue, these numbers of jobs that are dependent upon this legislation are in jeopardy because our manufacturing will not be competitive with our foreign competition.  Of course, what this is all about is passing legislation that will be in agreement with our trade agreements and, consequently, still protect American manufacturing as the FSC/ETI has done over the last 25 to 30 years.  FSC/ETI reduces the income tax on goods manufactured in the U.S. and sold overseas. FSC/ETI is critical to the manufacturing sector. It can reduce taxes on exports by as much as 3 to 8 tax rate percentage points.  The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation says that 89 percent of the Foreign Sales Corporation benefits go to manufacturing companies. Many of those companies are the largest manufacturing employers in the Nation. This reduced rate of tax on exports of U.S.-manufactured goods keeps our companies competitive in the international marketplace. It allows our companies to compete with the European Union countries, which happen to have a taxing system where they get a rebate on their value-added tax on exports.  If we did not have the Foreign Sales Corporation, we would be exporting more of our taxes, making us uncompetitive with the European Community that has a different taxing system, value-added tax, that they do not export.  Several years ago, the European Union filed a claim with the World Trade Organization challenging FSC/ETI as an illegal export subsidy. Hence, we are here repealing such an important provision because under trading rules, according to the decision, we cannot have a subsidy if it is contingent upon the act of exporting. The World Trade Organization ruled that the FSC/ETI is an illegal export subsidy and has authorized the European Union to impose up to $4 billion a year of sanctions against U.S. exports.  The European Union has already started this because March 1, this year, was the date to do it. The sanctions start at 5 percent of the $4 billion, and they are going to increase 1 percent for each month if we do not repeal the FSC/ETI provisions. They are going to cap out at 17 percent. So by November, these sanctions will be 12 percent. How are we going to compete when the tax benefits that were supposed to level the playing field are not only used, but the European Union, in a legal way under our trade agreements, is levying sanctions. Just as the United States when the European Union lost a case on our beef--they did not take our beef--we leveled sanctions against European products that are coming into this country, all in a legal way but not necessarily in the best way to conduct international trade.  So eventually, these sanctions are going to get up to 17 percent, and at that point the European Union will review the effectiveness of the sanctions, and further increases are possible.  The European Union has been consistent in its message, that the FSC/ETI must be repealed; the same way that we were insistent upon Europe and we won a case in the World Trade Organization that they take our beef.  This is a serious threat against American manufacturing, and Europe knows where to hit us. One of those is agricultural products, plus paper products, and also a number of important manufacturing industries, and they are hitting us right now in our soft underbelly.  These sanctions are going to undermine the economic recovery that is underway, as I indicated before--underway with 2 months in a row of a positive upturn in the manufacturing index. So I believe it is important for the United States to fulfill its obligations under our trading rules.  Now, it so happens that we win a lot more cases than we lose, and it also is true that the United States has been a leader--in fact, the entire world recognizes us as a leader, and they wait for us sometimes--in reducing trade barriers around the world. We have shown leadership for the last 60 or 70 years in this area going back to the reciprocity agreements of the 1930s of reducing trade barriers.  As we expect Europe to import our beef when we win a case, it seems to me that we must show leadership in complying with these rules. What the World Trade Organization is all about is to bring the rule of law to what would otherwise be a jungle of international trade. That is because we get more business activity when there is predictability and understanding of how we are going to do business. Just as that is true in our domestic policy for business expansion, it is true in international trade; if there is predictability, we will get more business expansion around the world.  Domestic law has made that possible within the United States. We need to support a regime that does the same thing in international trade because we have seen under that regime of rule of law in international trade for the last 50 or 60 years the expansion of the world economic pie.  We are not talking about something that is just good for the United States. It is good for the United States. But we are talking about something that is good for the entire world.  We have a growing world population. If you don't have a growing world economic pie, there will be less for more people and less for more people means political, economic, and social instability, and chaos.  So we have seen under this regime of rule of law in international trade that the world economic pie has grown tremendously, and to a great extent because of international trade.  The United States has led the way. We need to continue leading the way. There are some lobbyists who are suggesting this is no big deal, this doesn't have to be done now, it can be done tomorrow, it can be done next year, and somehow these sanctions don't mean anything. They do mean something because they are going to make our products uncompetitive and then we can't sell. If these were put on John Deere tractors in Waterloo, IA, one-fourth of the jobs could go.  One-fourth of the jobs at John Deere tractor in my home State are related to trade. But we do have to abide by the rule of law in international trade unless we want chaos, unless we want the jungle.  These lobbyists say sanctions don't matter. They argue: After all, sanctions only start at 5 percent. They would say: There has been a decline in the dollar. That is going to take care of that problem. With a decline in the dollar, add on 5 percent, no difference.  But I will bet these lobbyists who are spreading this word that Congress doesn't have to act don't represent anybody--any workers or any firms--on this retaliation list. But for those industries that I have already talked about, and there are a lot more, sanctions do matter because they will not be able to export if they can't compete. Five percent right now, and for sure 17 percent a year from now, is going to make a big difference.  In regard to the lower value of the dollar against the euro, that somehow merely restores the status quo of the 1990s for a lot of American companies so they can export more. The recent decline in the dollar helped these companies regain lost market share in Europe, and we have lobbyists saying they ought to be back in that position that they were in just a year ago, not being able to sell because of the high cost of the dollar?  Why would Congress want to deprive these companies and their employees, where these are good American jobs, of the opportunity to export? That is beyond me. These are good jobs, becausestatistics show conclusively that jobs connected with exports pay 15 percent above the national average.  Besides, there is no guarantee that the value of the dollar will not go up tomorrow because our official policy is a strong dollar policy. Our official policy is also to let the marketplace decide the value of the dollar. But if it does go up, it is going to leave American exporters in even a worse situation than they are today with that 5 percent and next month 6 percent.  It is plain wrong for us in Congress, when we can do something about it--and this bill does something about it--to gamble the future of these American working men and women on the volatile international currency market.  There is another fancy suggestion from these high-paid lobbyists, that all we have to do is cut a Government check to these U.S. exporters that are hurt by the sanctions.  That suggestion is just as stupid as the previous one. First, it is likely that the World Trade Organization would find such a scheme to be a prohibited export subsidy anyway, just as they originally did. That would continue the cycle of noncompliance and retaliation.  These birds don't believe in the rule of law on international trade. They like the jungle of international trade. In fact, most lobbyists like a jungle because they are the ones who think they are smart enough to sort it out. We are not going to allow that jungle to grow just so lobbyists can prosper.  But this scheme, as the original suggestions, is unworkable. It would probably require a new government bureaucracy to administer. You know what. This JOBS bill is about creating manufacturing jobs, not jobs in a government bureaucracy.  It has also been suggested that the U.S. Government could simply pay compensation to some foreign government rather than comply with our international trade obligations. I suppose, in the era of foreign aid, you might say that suggestion is theoretically possible. But it is not very realistic.  Under the World Trade Organization dispute settlement system, there is only one way, just one way, a nation can bring itself into compliance with an adverse ruling, conforming with the WTO-inconsistent measure, and that is with a report adopted by the dispute settlement body. That would dictate that as long as FSC/ETI is not repealed, the United States remains in violation of these international trade commitments. So paying compensation to some government, in my reading of the obligations under the trade commitments, is not going to bring the United States into compliance.  Furthermore, it has to be remembered that compensation in lieu of retaliation is only a viable option if the prevailing parties agree.  I think that is something the European Union is not inclined to do.  Even if it were possible, I am not going to suggest on the Senate floor that the United States taxpayers ought to be writing a check to the country of France. I, for one, don't think Congress is going to buy these arguments that we don't have to deal with this now and there are other ways around. These proposals are shell games expounded by Washington lobbyists trying to confuse Congress, confuse the public, and thus avoiding a real permanent solution to a longstanding FSC/ETI dispute with the European Union. This is not realistic. They will not stop the imposition of European sanctions.  People suggesting these alternatives ought to face facts. Gambling America's exports on the volatile currency market won't work. Cutting government checks to U.S. exporters won't work. Transferring taxpayers' money to foreign governments such as France won't work. These are shell games. There is only one real solution for American workers. This is something that has been worked out in a bipartisan way for the Senate to consider by the Senator from Montana and this Senator. This is the JOBS Act that is before us, and the best solution is to pass the JOBS Act now. I hope my Senate colleagues and our counterparts in the House of Representatives will act on the Finance Committee's FSC/ETI legislation. It is all of our responsibility--Democrat and Republican alike--to pass this bipartisan legislation.  If we, as a body, fail to act, American workers will suffer with fewer jobs, and the United States will lose an opportunity to rejuvenate and remain globally competitive in the mainstay of its economy--the manufacturing sector of our economy.  Our majority leader, Senator Frist, should be commended for bringing this bill to the floor so that the Senate can act now to end sanctions before they seriously damage the economy and before they damage our transatlantic relations. The bill needs to be passed so we can end the sanctions as soon as possible.  Repealing FSC/ETI raises around $55 billion over 10 years. Eighty-nine percent of it comes from jobs in the manufacturing industry. If that money is not sent back to help the manufacturing sector to be competitive with Europe, FSC/ETI repeal will be a $50 billion tax increase on manufacturing. The old rule of economics is if you tax something more, you get less of it. So there is going to be less jobs in manufacturing.  I think we can all agree that a $50 billion tax increase on manufacturing will not stimulate job growth in that sector. That is why the JOBS bill passed by the Finance Committee uses every penny from the FSC/ETI bill repeal. To give this 3-percentage tax rate cut on all income derived from manufacturing--that is done in the United States--there is no benefit to American companies manufacturing overseas. There would be a benefit to international companies that come here to create jobs in America in manufacturing. Our 3-point rate reduction is not export contingent under the World Trade Organization rules. Unlike the FSC/ETI regime, this 3-point rate reduction applies to goods manufactured in the United States and which are sold domestically in the United States, or if they are exported for sale outside the United States. If you make it here, we cut your taxes regardless of whether you are a U.S. or foreign corporation--bringing those manufacturing jobs, then, to the United States of America. The JOBS bill starts phasing in the 3-point percentage tax rate reduction immediately in 2004.  If you look at this next chart behind me, you see on average, European Union manufacturing income is taxed at 21 percent but U.S. manufacturing income is taxed at 24 percent. As you can see, the 3-point rate cut on manufacturing income in the JOBS bill keeps us even with the European Union on manufacturing tax burdens.  We included in the JOBS bill several international tax reforms that are aimed specifically to help manufacturing. The whole JOBS bill is slanted towards manufacturing. Flaws in our international tax rules seriously undermine America's ability to compete in the global marketplace. International tax reform, like doing something with FSC/ETI, is long overdue.  Our current system is built upon a framework dating back to President Kennedy in the early 1960s. We clean up problems that cause foreign earnings to be double taxed by the United States and the foreign countries where those profits are earned. We reform subpart (f) to ensure that active foreign businesses are taxed when the money is brought home and not when the United States companies are locked in battle with foreign companies that do not pay taxes.  You will hear a lot of noise in the upcoming debate about these international provisions. But let me tell you right now that the international provisions in our bipartisan JOBS bill are targeted to benefit U.S. manufacturing companies. Members may be surprised to learn our international provisions can actually harm a company's expansion in the United States of America where we want companies to expand so that jobs are created here and so that those jobs are not exported. It is a simple thing to do. Just fix our tax laws so that jobs are created in America as opposed to overseas.  We will have plenty of opportunity to talk about that issue in the upcoming debate.  In an era of expanding global markets, in an era of falling trade barriers, and in an era of technological innovations that melt away traditional notions of national borders, it is critical that our international tax laws keep pace with these new business realities.  We also include a provision for manufacturing that is not making moneyright now. We allow a 3-year net operating loss carryback. This will allow companies to reclaim prior taxes paid. This will give them cash liquidity to weather the current storm.  I understand there may be some effort to expand this 3-year carryback to a 5-year carryback.  The JOBS bill also includes the Homeland Reinvestment Act sponsored by Senator Smith of Oregon, Senator Ensign of Nevada, and Senator Boxer of California. That is a bipartisan group to which anybody ought to be drawn.  This subpart of our JOBS bill, which is sponsored by Senators Smith, Ensign, and Boxer, is intended to encourage companies to bring their foreign earnings back to the United States by temporarily providing the reduced rate of tax. This bill will tax foreign earnings at 5\1/4\ percentage points instead of the 35 percent that would normally apply.  Advocates of this Homeland Investment Act claim that those moneys will be invested overseas instead of the United States, if we don't tax them at a lower rate than the 35 percent.  These colleagues view this measure as I do, very much stimulative to the economy and helping with our unemployment problem.  One last point I will make is that our bipartisan manufacturing tax bill is revenue neutral. I don't think it does harm to emphasize, sometimes we pass a tax bill and less money comes into the Federal Treasury and we might have a bigger deficit. This bill does not do that. Not one dime is added to the current deficit.  Thank God, the President has been in the forefront of this, asking for a bill that would be revenue neutral. We have delivered for our colleagues who believe in revenue neutrality of tax bills. We have delivered for the President.  The JOBS bill provides over $112 billion in business tax relief which is paid for by shutting down tax shelters and by closing abusive loopholes. Let me emphasize that because people are reading about this every day in the newspaper, companies setting up shell corporations overseas, with nothing but a cabinet and maybe an address, a post office box, for the sole purpose of avoiding taxation. They dash and stash the cash, whereas we have all these other patriotic companies staying in America.  There are other schemes I will not go into, but we deal with those schemes in this legislation, bringing in additional revenue that can be used, then, to make our international taxing regime more fair and do it in a way that creates jobs in the United States of America, not overseas.  It is a fact of life with most bills that come to the Senate, there is never complete agreement on an approach. There is always 20 percent on the right and 20 percent on the left that might disagree with something that comes to this Senate. What this Senate is all about is moving things to the center, to get a consensus to get something passed. In the process, there is never complete agreement.  For instance, some Members did not favor including this Homeland Reinvestment Act which Senators Smith, Ensign, and Boxer have written. We have included it in this bill. So we may have votes on that.  Our bill contains a temporary haircut on the rate reduction some Members would like to remove and others would like to retain. We will probably have that divisive issue before the Senate. Some Members prefer a reduction in the top corporate rate in place of all these international tax reforms and manufacturing rate cut deductions. Now, that is a more simple approach than we have, but this approach misses a couple of factors.  First, the top level rate cut would only go to the biggest corporations of America. It would not go to the local family-held S corporation or partnership as our finance bill does. We think we ought to help small business in the process.  Second, FSC/ETI repeal will not create a large tax increase on the service industry. That repeal will be a $50 billion tax increase on manufacturing. If we redirect the FSC/ETI repeal money to an across-the-board corporate cut, as a couple of my colleagues will offer an amendment to do, then the manufacturing sector will be the revenue offset for the services sector of tax cuts. It is a fact that we have a struggling manufacturing sector and I don't think a sector of our economy that is slowly recovering ought to be hit with this sort of a revenue offset for the benefit of the service industry. We have to face what is the current crisis in manufacturing.  Working families are living in financial fear. We owe a secure future to these hard-working men and women. For them, we have a secure future. Their employers must be able to compete and thrive both at home and abroad. Then their future is secure. Their employers cannot thrive if these companies are burdened with excessive tax rates at home and international tax barriers abroad.  Our bipartisan JOBS bill presents the best opportunity to end that burden and to make a downpayment on putting Americans back to work. Let's hope the Senate gets to work, puts American manufacturing back in the game. That is why I am here, urging my colleagues to support a bipartisan JOBS Act and cooperate to get this bill on the President's desk.  In closing, I have one message for the 39 Democrats who are not on the Finance Committee and may not see this, other than just a piece of legislation voted out of the Senate Finance Committee. I say to the 39 Democrats who are not on the committee, they have an opportunity to help us very quickly move a bill to the other body, very quickly help us pass a bill to help manufacturing, help us pass a bill to create jobs for American men and women in manufacturing, which is slow to recover. They have an opportunity to help with bipartisanship in the other body because there are bills in the other body, but they are short of the number of votes they need. Part of the reason is maybe the other body does not see the need to pass a bipartisan bill as we do in the Senate. There are Republicans and Democrats in the other body who are working on a way to do this, a way that is not far removed from our legislation.  If we have a real strong vote over here and we get this done quickly, we might be able to help the House of Representatives pass some legislation and to do it in a bipartisan way. Helping to pass legislation in a bipartisan way is not a bad goal for Senators, since we practice that.  Also, those 39 Democrats will have an opportunity to help the Senate Finance Committee do something we want to do because we can get it done in this bipartisan way and it is not exactly the way the White House wants us to get it done. Here again, we share governing responsibilities with the President and with the House of Representatives, and so Democrats working with Senator Baucus and myself, Democrats who are not on the committee, can help get a bill to the President, help the President to see maybe the aspects about this bill they do not like, they ought to take a second look at to see the good work, and help get a bipartisan bill through the House of Representatives.  I don't say that in a defensive way because I don't know of any reason the other 39 Democrats do not want to help us accomplish what we want to accomplish. What I have just said is not for that purpose, but only said for the purpose of those Democrats who are not on this committee, there is a larger aspect than just the language of the legislation that is before the Senate. It benefits them for a lot of goals they want to accomplish that sometimes cannot be accomplished as a minority part of this body.  