 President, before I respond in a specific way to the amendment before us, everything Senator Graham said about Ottumwa, IA, is accurate, I believe. Obviously, when anyone in America loses a job, it is a very personal hurt to that individual, particularly if they liked their job and if they had been in that job for a long period of time, and particularly if they were older people and not looking to retrain or even spend the time and investment in retraining.  So considering those personal hurts, and not without proper regard for the economic consequences of people hurt by being laid off, it is a simple matter, not only in the United States but all over the world, that there are less jobs in manufacturing than previously. It is mostly because of the enhanced productivity in manufacturing. When people can get machines to do work that individuals do, obviously, that enhances productivity and it is done for the sole purpose of being more accurate and cutting down on the number of jobs--also, not to denigrate productivity, because productivity being enhanced is the only way in America or anyplace else in the world you are going to increase the standard of living of Americans.  When you increase productivity, people become more productive, they earn more money, and their standard of living goes up. We want that for everybody. So enhancing productivity is very basic to the increasing of the standard of living.  Now, there are fewer jobs in manufacturing today than there have ever been. But manufacturing is still a very major component of our economy. It is still around 15, 16 percent of our economy, I believe. If you go back 40 or 50 years, it was probably 20 or 21 percent of the economy. But there was a period of time when we lost 2 million jobs in manufacturing during the 1980s, and we still had manufacturing as 20 percent of the economy. So manufacturing is very important, but it is maintaining its importance with less jobs doing the work that needs to be done to manufacture whatever we want in America.  Now, several times on this issue I have quoted former Secretary of Labor Reich from the Clinton administration. He is now a professor at Harvard, I believe. He wrote on December 26 of last year in the Wall Street Journal about the problems of manufacturing and declining employment in manufacturing. Secretary Reich pointed out that, yes, America has 10-percent fewer jobs in manufacturing now than they did in the previous benchmark. But he also pointed out during that same period of time, whereas the United States lost 10 percent of their manufacturing jobs, China had lost 15 percent of their jobs in manufacturing. So you see, even though we are legitimately concerned about outsourcing of manufacturing going to China, we are also seeing China finding ways to be more efficient in their manufacturing.  It is quite obvious, if you look at this historically, that this is progress: enhancing productivity to raise wages to raise the standard of living.  This is not the era of Luddites, when people are going to go into factories and smash machinery because they think it is taking jobs away from people. If the Luddite philosophy were legitimate, we would still be making the common pin by hand.  We are producing by machine so we can enhance productivity to enhance wages to enhance the standard of living. The American people would not be satisfied today with 96 percent of the American population being on farms, as it was in 1790 when this country was a brand new country. Today about 2 percent of the people in the United States are producing the food for theother 98 percent, and each farmer produces for 145 people. The United States exports about 40 percent of its food and farm products, because we cannot consume it domestically.  Whether it is in manufacturing or whether it is in farming, if 5 percent of the market is the American people, then we are not going to have a very high standard of living. The other 95 percent of the market are the people outside the United States of America. If we still had 96 percent of the people in America involved in farming, we would have a subsistence level of livelihood.  We have to accept the fact that every month in America, 7 million jobs go out of existence and 7 million new jobs come into existence. In that process, people are more productive, make higher wages, and have a higher standard of living, and not just for some of our people but for all of our people.  The only people in America who might not have a higher standard of living are those we have kept down, and this Congress is responsible for keeping welfare recipients down, keeping them out of mind, out of sight to the edge of society. But we established a principle of welfare reform in 1996 to move people from the edge of society in welfare to the world of work, to the mainstream of American society, because it is in the world of work where they have opportunities for enhanced productivity, for enhanced wages that will raise their standard of living. Except for welfare recipients, people in the world of work are producing more now than before to enhance their standard of living.  It seems to me that when we have 7 million jobs going out of existence 1 month and 7 million new jobs coming into existence in the same month, it says better than anything I can say about how rapidly our economy is changing, much more rapidly today than ever in the history of our country. It might even change more rapidly in the future.  For people who abhor the fact that we are losing manufacturing jobs, then you have to ask, what do we do to maintain those manufacturing jobs? The basic bill we are dealing with, the jobs and manufacturing bill, tries to do it two ways: one, to staunch the bleeding in jobs leaving manufacturing. It is enhanced now because we have a European tax on our exports to Europe so that our manufacturers cannot be competitive in Europe and, hence, people are being laid off.  That European tax on our exports is legal and started in March. We started debating this bill in March. We could have had this bill passed in March. We could have had the European tax behind us because once we pass this legislation, there is no legal basis for their putting the tax on our exports to their country.  In the same vein, the jobs a manufacturing bill will reduce the level of taxation on corporations from 35 percent down to 32 percent. One of the reasons we lose jobs in manufacturing to the global competition is that our cost to capital is very high in relationship to our global competition. So in reducing the corporate tax by 3 percent and doing it in a revenue-neutral way so it does not worsen the deficit, we have an opportunity to create jobs in manufacturing, make what jobs we have more secure, and continue to enhance the productivity of workers in America.  I hope we remember that we do have a rapidly changing society. Our people welcome an enhanced standard of living that comes from increased wages, which comes from increased productivity. And they want that to continue. That is why I am concerned about the amendment of the Senator from Florida that is before us. That is why I am going to ask my colleagues to consider my views on this amendment and, hopefully, disagree with Senator Graham and defeat the amendment and move on and get this bill passed. That 5-percent tax put on in March, increased to 6 percent in April, and it is 7 percent now in May. It is going to be 12 percent by election time. Are we going to continue to have an environment where people can be laid off?  Senator Graham may have an idea that is legitimate to discuss, but right now in the environment we are in, in which there is an increasing burden put on our exports to Europe, it seems to me we ought to forgo this discussion, which ought to come at another time when Senator Graham's amendment could fit in. We need to get this legislation passed. This legislation is a bipartisan bill. Not often do we get this bipartisan cooperation in the Senate. We ought to take it and run with it.  His amendment proposes to enact a new wage tax credit and pay for it by striking the manufacturing rate cut--that cut from 35 percent down to 32 percent about which I just spoke--and he would also strike all of the international provisions that are in this bill, international provisions to which we try to bring a more rational approach to the taxation of American business in international trade.  Evidently, the Senator from Florida believes a payroll tax credit that reduces employer contributions to the Social Security trust fund will create more jobs than a manufacturing rate cut. Payroll tax credits have long been controversial. I always thought market demand and the ability to compete in that market is what created jobs. If an employer sees an opportunity and goes after that opportunity, then they will add employees to meet demand, but I do not see how a tax credit creates market opportunity.  I thought that tax relief, tax reductions, and the lower burden imposed by having the Government as a silent business partner is what enhances a company's competitiveness, which then in turn would lead to more opportunity.  This JOBS bill before us now contains a 3-point reduction in corporate tax for manufacturing, not across the board. The chart behind me shows the corporate tax rates on manufacturing income for the European Union and for the United States. I thought this chart would be interesting for comparison since the United States and the European Union are both highly developed wage and skilled countries.  This chart shows that on average the European Union tax rate on manufacturing is 21 percent, while that in the United States is 24 percent. That is averages. So do not get that confused with the 35 down to the 32 I am talking about.  It is necessary to pass this 3-point reduction in corporate tax rates which is in this JOBS bill to keep the United States even with these European countries. So being a believer that competitiveness breeds job growth, I fail to see how a wage credit in lieu of a tax cut can produce more jobs if U.S. manufacturers remain burdened with a significantly higher rate of tax than their main competitors.  After arriving on the Senate floor, I received a copy of a ``dear colleague'' letter from Senator Graham of Florida and Senator Dayton of Minnesota. That letter says production outsourced to a foreign country qualifies for manufacturing deduction.  That is not right. Our bill does not do that. The 3-point rate cut only applies to income from U.S.-based manufacturing. It does not apply to foreign manufacturing of any type. So the fundamental premise of the Graham amendment is in error.  Senator Graham also implies contract manufacturing qualifies for the manufacturing deduction. This is not correct. We specifically rejected allowing a company to take a deduction for manufacturing that someone else does for them, regardless of whether the contract manufacturer is located in the United States or offshore.  If we allowed contract manufacturing to qualify, it would be a double dip. We were lobbied on this and we rejected that. So, again, a fundamental assumption of the amendment is in error.  The Senator from Florida also criticizes the wage limitation. This limit is there to ensure manufacturing jobs are created. If they do not grow jobs, then their manufacturing deduction is diminished. If their assembly lines are filled with robots instead of people, then the deduction is limited. So if one wants more hiring, this is the way to get it done. That is what the wage limit accomplishes.  All of the fundamentals underlying his amendment are in error. I think they are a mischaracterization of the underlying bill.  There is, however, an even more disturbing aspect of the amendment before us. Senators have heard me come to the floor many times to talk about the bipartisan development of the JOBS bill. Its construction began when Senator Baucus was chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. SenatorBaucus held hearings in July 2002 to address the FSC/ETI controversy within the World Trade Organization.  During this hearing, Senator Graham of Florida, now on the Senate floor with us, and Senator Hatch as well, expressed concern about how our international tax laws were impairing the competitiveness of U.S. companies. After some discussion on forming a blue ribbon commission to study this problem, we all decided decisive action was more important than setting up a commission.  During that hearing, Chairman Baucus formed an international tax working group that was joined by Senator Graham, Senator Hatch, and this Senator. This bipartisan Finance Committee working group formed the basis for the bill that is now before us.  There is not one provision in this JOBS bill that was not agreed to by both Republicans and Democrats, not one. But today a member of that bipartisan working group offers an amendment that would destroy this bipartisan consensus on the provisions of the JOBS bill.  Why? The JOBS bill includes the international tax simplification measures that were recommended in the Joint Committee on Taxation April 2001 report on tax simplification. There was no constituency for these simplifications. No governmental affairs representative came to our office to advocate for them.  No, the person who asked for them was the Senator from Florida. Senator Graham emphasized the desire to include these simplification measures in the bill, and we did that. The Senator from Florida preferred simplification over restructuring and wanted the emphasis of our bill to be on foreign tax credit reforms. We honored his views because that is what our bill does in the bipartisan spirit of this legislation.  That Senator expressed concern about the 90-percent foreign tax credit limit on AMT, the alternative minimum tax, and he wanted the 10-50 basket problems solved. We did both of these things in this bill.  The Senator from Florida even sought reductions on a number of foreign tax credit baskets, but the working group decided that was too significant of an international change to be accepted by the full Senate. I hope when we vote on this amendment the Senator will back up our decision on that because this bill was reported out of committee on a bipartisan 19-to-2 vote. The Senator from Florida voted for this bill in the Finance Committee.  Today, these priorities are no longer important. To me, this is very confusing and it is quite a difficult development for me to understand.  As I have said before, we acted in the best of faith to produce a bill that protects American manufacturing jobs and ensures our companies remain the global competitors we want them to be. We did this in a fully bipartisan manner. That is what the American people expect us to do on such an important issue as manufacturing jobs and our national economic health.  As a practical matter, the only way to get a bill through this Senate is to do it in a bipartisan way. But these efforts are apparently not enough or we would not have this amendment before us.  I hope we can defeat this amendment and move on because Senator Baucus and I have a real sense of optimism that this week there is very definitely an optimistic point of view, particularly from the other side, that this legislation needs to be passed and that considering the fact we spent considerable time on it in March, and some time on it in April, and we have had these European taxes going on our exports, growing 1 percent a month. It is a bad situation.  We hope the optimism we sensed yesterday will be repeated today, and one way to help us along is to help us defeat this amendment.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). Who yields time? Does the Senator from Iowa yield time to the Senator from Montana?  