 President, I would like to comment on the remarks of the Senator from Nevada. He mentioned the possibility of a cloture motion. My colleague from Iowa also mentioned that possibility, and it could be a possibility. But I hope that will not poison the waters as we still try to reach agreement on this amendment and try to reach agreement on getting to finality on this bill.  I, along with Senator Baucus, have urged that we not have a cloture motion. That, of course, is a leadership decision. I would urge my colleagues to think in terms of the fact that it takes 48 hours for that motion to mature so it can be voted upon. That will be time for us to see if we can work out agreements not only on the pending amendment but also on any other amendments that may be adopted, and then, if so, the cloture motion could be vitiated.  I hope Members will look down the road at the goal of this legislation. That goal is to create jobs that are going to be very difficult to create if we are stuck with sanctions put on our manufacturing by the European Union. We already have 5-percent sanctions. It is going to go up 1 percent a month until it gets to 17 percent. Between now and the election, that is going to add up to at least 12-percent sanctions.  I hope both sides of the aisle will agree that it is already very difficult for U.S. manufacturing to compete in the global economy. A 17-percent penalty after 1 year is just like a 17-percent sales tax. That is going to make our manufacturing exports much more uncompetitive. Since everybody is concerned about creating and preserving jobs, keeping American manufacturing strong, competitive, passage of this legislation is very important.  We all have amendments we want to get adopted. We want the Senate to consider amendments, whether germane or nongermane. There is plenty of opportunity between now and adjournment of this Congress to consider these amendments. In the meantime, if we don't pass this legislation this week, we are going to have a 6-percent penalty in April, a 7-percent penalty in May. I hope we can get this legislation passed very soon so we can get rid of all those sanctions against our products.  In the meantime we have reduced the corporate tax for manufacturing in America by 3 percentage points, and that is going to make it possible for the cost of capital in America to be less expensive and make American manufacturing much more competitive and, in the process, preserve jobs and create jobs.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  