 President, I want to speak against the Dorgan amendment. I yield myself such time as I might consume. Before I speak specifically to the amendment, since I heard the Senator from North Dakota express his concerns--and legitimate concerns--about jobs going overseas, I think there might be some suggestion in this amendment that this bill doesn't deal with moving jobs overseas.  This amendment is all about preserving manufacturing jobs in America and creating more manufacturing jobs in America, because the basis for this legislation is that there is no benefit in this bill from the reduction of the corporate tax from 35 percent down to 32 percent for any organization that doesn't manufacture in the United States. So it applies to domestic manufacturers that are manufacturing in the United States, not domestic manufacturers that manufacture overseas. It also applies to companies overseas--foreign companies--that would come to the United States and invest here, create jobs here, and hire people in America to manufacture here.  There is a lot of concern expressed about moving jobs overseas. I don't denigrate any of those concerns. But that is what the debate on this legislation has been all about for 1 whole week during the month of March, a few days during April, and now again this week. During that period of time of stalling, we have had a 5-percent European tax put on our exports to Europe--a percent again in April, and now a third movement of 1 more percent. That is going to go on every month. Even if we pass this bill this very minute, this bill probably won't be signed by the President for another month or so. We are going to continue to have this terrible European tax put on our exports there.  I emphasize for listeners who ask, how can they do that? Well, it is legal under international trade agreements. The reason it is legal is because we are trying to change our tax laws to conform with our international agreements--international agreements that this body has already adopted.  So we are dealing with these amendments--probably very legitimate ones--but we have had amendments put before this bill that have kept this bill long enough on the agenda so that we are already 77 percent less competitive than we used to be with our global competition doing business in Europe.  So why are we here? We are here with this underlying piece of legislation to preserve and create more jobs in America.  We have heard the Senator from North Dakota make a very impassioned case for American workers whose jobs have been lost when U.S. plants move overseas. We have all witnessed this heart-wrenching event. I know that my home State of Iowa has had plant closings or some parts of production move overseas. Unfortunately, this amendment will not do one doggone thing to bring those jobs back. In fact, it could very well cost even more U.S. jobs.  I will explain my concerns by first examining his amendment. This amendment repeals deferral for property imported into the U.S. by foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies, even without regard to whether that property was ever previously produced, manufactured, or grown in the United States. This means the amendment doesn't focus on their primary complaint that U.S. companies are shutting their plants, moving production offshore, and selling back into the United States.  The bill does not focus on this scenario. Instead, it overshoots the mark by hitting all goods sold into the United States by U.S. companies, even if it is impossible for those goods to first be produced in the United States.  I will give an example. If a produce company sets up a banana farm in Costa Rica to import bananas into the United States and around the world, the income from sales to the United States are not eligible for deferral. I may be mistaken, but I am not aware of too many banana farmers in Texas or Florida. So I do not see how deferring taxes on a banana farm in Costa Rica is going to cost the United States jobs.  Similarly, if a U.S. company wanted to start a mining operation in some far away land to extract a new and exotic mineral that is not found here at home, they can sell that anywhere in the world, but they could not and cannot import that back into the United States without triggering this amendment.  How about coffee? The only place I know we grow coffee in the United States is in Hawaii, and that was 25 years ago. Maybe they do not even grow it there now. We have lots of coffee shops on our streets these days. If they set up their own coffee plantationin Brazil, they would get hit under this amendment that is before us. I do not know whether we raise coffee anywhere else in the United States, but we sure do not raise it in Iowa.  It appears the amendment of Senator Dorgan and Senator Mikulski would allow a U.S. company to sell foreign goods to anyone in the world except to America. That does not make sense to me.  I have described how the bill would operate, but I do not think that is the intent of this legislation. What I believe is intended is that deferrals should be denied if a company closes a U.S. plant, produces the goods offshore, and then imports the goods back into the United States. This does not actually happen very often. The latest Department of Commerce data on U.S. multinationals shows that only 7 percent of foreign subsidiary sales were into the United States.  Nevertheless, this amendment insists that the rule of deferral in our tax law is somehow a tax benefit that moves jobs offshore and allows a company to not pay taxes on foreign income.  Of course, this is not true. Deferral has nothing to do with moving jobs, and it never forgives taxes that are owed on foreign products of U.S. companies. The rule of deferral exists to keep U.S. companies competitive in the global marketplace. Let me repeat. The rule of deferral exists to keep U.S. companies competitive in the global marketplace, and it has been that way in our tax laws since 1918. For 85 years it has been the law.  We are going to hear a great deal about deferrals this week. We will hear wild accusations about how this rule, which has been in place since 1918, spells doom for American workers. None of this is true. In fact, just the opposite is true. By enhancing the international competitiveness of U.S. companies, deferral ensures an ever-growing base of opportunity for U.S. companies and their employees at home and abroad.  U.S. multinationals are a critical component of our economy. These companies operate in virtually every industry and have investments of more than $13 trillion in facilities located across our great country.  As employers, they provided 23 million jobs for Americans in 2001, nearly 18 percent of the payrolls in the country. With a payroll in excess of $1.1 trillion, U.S. multinationals create more than 53 percent of the manufacturing jobs in America and employ more than two U.S. employees for every foreign worker.  During the 10 years between 1991 and 2001, U.S. multinationals increased domestic employment at a faster rate than the overall economy. We have a recent study confirming that U.S. multinationals are significant job creators, and those jobs are not created through exporting jobs to foreign nations with low labor and low tax costs, as the amendment infers.  The Department of Commerce data shows that the bulk of U.S. investment abroad occurred in high-income, high-wage countries. In the year 2001, 79 percent of the foreign assets and 67 percent of foreign employment of U.S. multinationals were located in high-income, developed nations, such as Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, and the countries of the European Union.  We have to remind ourselves that corporations are comprised of people. People like good roads, safe water, reliable power grids, and stable societies. That is the only kind of environment where business can flourish. So it is only rational that if a U.S. corporation is going to make a foreign investment, it is going to make the safest investment possible. That means going to fully developed countries with thriving markets and highly paid workers.  We also have to remember a simple maxim for why companies go into foreign markets: You have to be there to sell there.  Today, fully 95 percent of the world's population and 80 percent of the purchasing power is located outside the United States. In other words, the United States is 5 percent of the world's population. But if we want to sell, we go where the people are. Ninety-five percent of the people are outside the United States. If you want to make sales, you go where the people are.  We have an instance in which foreign sales growth has outstriped domestic sales growth. So this increased growth requires increased foreign involvement. The good news is foreign growth also results in U.S. job growth.  A recent study confirmed that during the 10 years, 1991 through 2001, for every job U.S. multinationals created abroad, they created nearly two jobs in the United States in their parent corporation. That is why it is critical to our company that U.S. companies remain competitive in this international marketplace.  Let's review for a moment a more rational explanation for deferral and how it works to keep our U.S. companies competitive.  The United States taxes all of the worldwide income of its citizens and corporations. The U.S. income tax applies to all domestic and foreign earnings of U.S. companies. The United States fully taxes income earned overseas by foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies. However, many foreign countries tax their companies on a territorial basis, meaning they only tax income earned within their country's borders and do not impose tax on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries.  Countries that use a territorial system, such as Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Luxembourgian, the Netherlands, Sweden, and Switzerland, among other countries, have a great advantage over a U.S. company.  We have to take that into consideration. The tax system is the cost of operation, and if we do not have a more level playing field for our companies, how do we expect to compete in this world marketplace?  I will give an example. A U.S. company with a Singapore subsidiary will pay U.S. tax and a Singapore tax on the subsidiary's income. A French company with a Singapore subsidiary will pay Singapore tax but not any tax in Paris. That means the U.S. company in Singapore has a higher tax burden than the French company in Singapore. Two basic tax rules answer this problem and seek to put U.S. companies on a level playing field with foreign competitors from territorial countries.  The first rule says when foreign income is brought home, the U.S. allows a reduction against U.S. tax for any foreign tax paid on that income. This foreign tax credit prevents the U.S. from double-taxing foreign earnings. Does anybody believe in double taxing?  In effect, that would make our companies noncompetitive in this international marketplace. Like deferral, this too has been on the tax laws of the United States since 1918. The foreign tax credit is limited. It may only offset up to 35 percent of the U.S. corporate tax. If the foreign tax rate is higher, the credit stops where we stop taxing corporations at 25 percent. If the credit is lower, say 10 percent, then an additional U.S. tax will be owed up to the full 35 percent. In this example, the additional 25 percent of taxes would be owed to the U.S., which is the difference between the 10 percent and our 35-percent top rate.  The second basic tax rule is U.S. companies are allowed to defer U.S. tax on income from the active business operation of a foreign subsidiary until that income is brought back to the United States, and that is usually brought back in the form of a dividend paid to the U.S. parent. This is referred to as the rule of deferral, meaning the U.S. tax is deferred until the earnings are brought back. This is the rule this amendment attacks.  It is important to note deferral is not a forgiveness of a tax. It simply means we impose full U.S. tax tomorrow instead of today. We do not forgive tax under deferral because we do not want to create incentives to move operations offshore. The reason we defer tax on active business operations is so U.S. companies can remain competitive with foreign companies, from those countries that have a territorial tax system.  We do not defer tax on passive activities such as setting up an offshore bank account. We tax passive activities yearly, and active operations are subject to competitive disadvantage. For example, if we impose U.S. tax today on the profits of a Singapore subsidiary, then a U.S. company will pay 35-percent U.S. taxes plus any Singapore taxes, but the French competitor located next door will only pay the Singapore tax and not the Paris tax.  If a Singapore tax rate is less than the 35-percent U.S. tax rate, then theFrench competitor will have a tax advantage. This is because the U.S. allows the foreign tax credit offset against U.S. income tax imposed on those foreign earnings but only up to a 35-percent top corporate rate.  If the foreign rate is less than the U.S. 35-percent rate, then residual U.S. taxes are owed on the difference between the U.S. and foreign rates.  In another example, if the Singapore tax is 15 percent and the U.S. tax 35 percent, then the U.S. will impose an additional 20-percent tax on those Singapore earnings. The French company, however, will only pay 15 percent Singapore tax, no tax in Paris.  If we did not allow deferral of that additional 20-percent tax, then the U.S. company today would have to pay 20-percent tax compared to the French company. The question on repealing deferral is whether we want to hand over the world markets to companies from France and Germany.  This amendment is being offered presumably to save jobs in America, but when we have a tax system like they want, there is going to be an incentive for moving those jobs. Repealing deferral means we export our high U.S. tax rates to U.S. operations around the globe.  The U.S. has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world. There are very few countries with higher marginal corporate rates. This means without deferral, U.S. companies will be at a continual worldwide disadvantage compared to their foreign competitors. That is why we defer U.S. tax on active business operations, to allow U.S. companies to be competitive in the global marketplace.  Some Senators today propose repealing deferral or cutting back. These proposals would export the high U.S. tax rate to U.S. operations around the world. That would be fine if all companies around the world were paying the high U.S. tax rate, but they are not. Companies of foreign countries are not subject to our tax laws and are usually taxed at a lower rate.  That brings us back then to the implications of the amendment before the Senate. Our focus in considering this amendment must be on the ability of American companies to compete within the United States. The issue is not whether we tax foreign earnings currently but whether we cede the U.S. market to foreign competition: You compete or you die.  The Dorgan-Mikulski amendment will increase taxes on U.S. companies, but their foreign competitors in the United States will not face a similar tax increase. This can lead to a loss of domestic market share, or even if market share is maintained losses may be incurred on domestic sales because of pricing pressures and uncompetitive margins created by the additional tax burden.  The best measure of an economic impact of their tax increase is the very concerns Senators Dorgan and Mikulski cite in debating their amendment, whether U.S. employment levels of the U.S. companies will drop after this additional tax is imposed. This goes to the issue of whether salespeople, purchasing agents, line workers, or others could lose their jobs if the Dorgan-Mikulski tax increase is imposed on companies' imports.  Keep in mind their amendment would attack imports of bananas from Costa Rica and coffee from Brazil. That is going to cost U.S. jobs. The amendment will kill U.S. jobs and the amendment is defeating its own purpose and should not be supported in the Senate.  If the objective of Senators Dorgan and Mikulski is to ensure companies do not reduce U.S. employment by round-tripping production, then it is equally important to ensure their tax increase does not reduce U.S. employment.  Increasing taxes on U.S. companies will not bring those jobs back to America. A company will only pay taxes if the company is profitable, and they will only stay profitable if they remain competitive in their markets. But in the United States, taxes are a 35-percent cost to profit, and that is where a competitiveness disadvantage can occur when the U.S. company is competing against foreign companies that will not incur this tax increase.  Senator Baucus and I, in trying to develop this bipartisan bill that is before us, held hearings last July regarding the effects of international competition within the United States. So I think we have a right to believe we are very familiar with the domestic effects of these kinds of rate differentials.  I would like to close with a quote from Joseph Guttentag, International Tax Counsel for the Clinton administration. He gave this testimony before the Senate Finance Committee 9 years ago, July 21, 1995. He said this:       Current U.S. tax policy generally strikes a reasonable      balance between deferral and current taxation in order to      ensure that our tax laws do not interfere with the ability of      our companies to be competitive with their foreign-based      counterparts.  I hope a statement from another administration, particularly from a recent Democratic administration, the Clinton administration, will carry a lot of weight with both Republicans and Democrats in helping to defeat this amendment on which we will soon be voting.  I hope Senators will join me in voting against the job losses that will result from this amendment and this tax increase that comes on American business with this amendment.  