 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  Senator Hollings asks us to take $39 billion of international reforms and put it towards more domestic manufacturing relief.  I have told my colleagues so many times I shouldn't have to repeat it. But this bill is all about encouraging domestic manufacturing.  The level of spending in this bill is already over three to one in favor of domestic issues. We dedicate over $75 billion to domestic manufacturing relief.  FSC/ETI currently benefits manufacturing by $50 billion. Obviously, you can see this bill is a much strongercommitment to manufacturing than the old FSC/ETI bill we are replacing. We have already accelerated the phase-in of the manufacturing tax rate. That is thanks to a bipartisan amendment by Senator Bunning and Senator Stabenow. We have modified the transition rules to provide stronger relief in transition for manufacturing companies which presently get the old FSC/ETI benefits this bill replaces.  I hope it is easy for my colleagues to conclude that there is very little to be gained by the amendment proposed by the Senator from South Carolina.  It is time we had our rational discussion of the international reforms in this JOBS bill because we have been spending so much time on nongermane amendments. The amendment before us is not one of those nongermane amendments but it has kept us from discussing so much which is very basic with this legislation. Maybe people think there is no reason to discuss it because this bill was built from the ground up in a bipartisan way, coming out of our committee on a very overwhelming vote of 9 to 2.  I think Members will be surprised to learn that some of our international tax rules actually harm the domestic operations of U.S. companies. When foreign income is brought home, the United States allows an offset against U.S. tax for any foreign taxes paid on that income. That is why it is called the foreign tax credit. Foreign tax credits ensure that we do not double tax foreign earnings. Accordingly, the foreign tax credit plays a vital role in preserving the international competitiveness of our companies.  In the Tax Reform Act of 1986, Congress enacted a provision that causes foreign tax credits to expire every 5 years. That was done for a reason that is not very well justified because it is often used around here--to make that 1986 tax bill revenue neutral.  Some claim this is a good rule because it forces foreign earnings to be repatriated within 5 years. But that conclusion does not comport with reality. The reason companies don't bring back foreign earnings is because of double taxation. That is what occurs with foreign tax credits expiring.  I will give you an example. A U.S. company sets up new operations in Poland to serve Eastern Europe at this time when Eastern Europe is being integrated with the European Union. That happened last week. For the next 8 years in this hypothetical--quite reasonably--it takes all of the capital generated by the Polish subsidiary to expand the company's presence in Eastern Europe. At the end of 8 years, it finally has some extra cash which it can send home.  What happens? It discovers the taxes it paid to Poland from years 1 through 3 are no longer eligible for the foreign tax credit because they are more than 5 years old. The Polish tax rate is 28 percent. This means if a company repatriates those early earnings, it will pay combined Polish and U.S. taxes of 63 percent. It is really almost confiscatory. That means, of course, the money is not coming home for reinvestment in the United States. We lose the benefit.  If those early tax credits had not expired, the United States would actually pick up some tax revenues. The subsidiary would owe the difference between the 28-percent Polish rate and the 35-percent U.S. rate. That happens to be a gain of 7 percentage points of taxation into our U.S. Treasury from that company.  To ensure that double taxation no longer occurs, our JOBS bill extends the carry-forward period for foreign tax credits from 5 years to 20 years. Twenty years is the amount of time companies have to utilize net operating losses. It is only appropriate, then, that the key mechanism for avoiding double taxation should have the same shelf life.  Our JOBS bill mostly fixes problems in the foreign tax credit area. The only time a company benefits from a foreign tax credit is when it brings that money home.  To repeat a very elementary point, foreign tax credits are a benefit to that company only when that company brings foreign earnings home for reinvestment. When the credit expires, this impedes capital mobility because of double taxation, and it blocks reinvestment of foreign earnings in the United States.  Another example of guaranteed double taxation is our rule that only allows 90 percent of a company's AMT to be offset with foreign tax credits. This rule guarantees that the company will be double taxed on 10 percent of the alternative minimum tax. The JOBS bill allows what is common sense--a 100-percent offset.  To give you a real-life example of how these two changes will help U.S. operations make investments in America and create jobs in America, the largest American manufacturer in this example of a particular automobile part is bringing dividends back from its profitable foreign operations to cover losses in its U.S. operations. Their U.S. losses, when combined with the foreign dividends to fund the U.S. operations, has created huge unused foreign tax credits with a 5-year expiration period. Because of their ongoing U.S. losses, it is unlikely these credits will be used within those 5 years.  This company also has a growing alternative minimum tax because their foreign tax credits can only be offset by 95 percent of their AMT liability.  The limit is creating an annual alternative minimum tax liability because the additional 10 percent of the AMT cannot be offset with the foreign taxes that have already been paid on that income. The company is guaranteed to incur double tax on foreign earnings brought back to support the U.S. operation. This may be unbelievable to anyone listening, but this is actually happening under U.S. tax laws.  The company's foreign competitors in the United States are not equally hindered in the same way by the 90-percent alternative minimum tax, foreign tax credit limit. If a foreign competitor loses money, they get a 20-year U.S. net operating loss compared to the 5-year foreign tax credit carryforward. Our Tax Code, then, is harming a company that has operations in all 50 States and employs 38,000 people in 16 different manufacturing facilities.  This example shows why the 20-year foreign tax credit carryforward and the repeal of the 90-percent AMT foreign tax credit limits are in this very important jobs in manufacturing bill. The current rules harm U.S. operations and we need to fix it.  I also have some comments on another provision, the interest allocation provisions, to give another example of how our international rules harm U.S. operations. As I said earlier, foreign tax credits can only offset foreign income; they cannot offset income from U.S. activities. In determining the amount of foreign income, certain U.S. expenses, such as interest expense, are partially allocated to foreign income. This is used in calculating the amount of foreign tax credit a U.S. company is allowed to claim on its return. The United States arbitrarily allocates U.S. interest expense to foreign earnings, but the foreign government does not recognize that interest expense for its tax purposes. It is as if the interest expense somehow disappears into the clear air.  The interest allocation rules artificially reduce the foreign tax credits that can be used, and when the credits cannot be used the credits expire. It may surprise many Senators to hear that our interest allocation rules create a competitive disadvantage for U.S. multinationals that try to expand their operations into the United States and maybe do not get expanded here.  A portion of the interest expense on debt incurred to invest in the United States is allocated to foreign source income. A foreign corporation making the same U.S. investment is not impacted by these interest allocation rules. It gets to fully deduct the interest costs within the United States and thereby has a lower cost of capital than a U.S. company making that same investment. Therefore, the interest allocation rules actually work against U.S. multinational companies that invest in the United States. It has put some at a competitive disadvantage with foreign companies operating in the United States. I hope this is very clear, that this is not the right thing for the U.S. Tax Code to do to foreign manufacturers. Why should we encourage international competition in the United States against our own domestic manufacturer?  We have Senators demonizing the JOBS bill international provisions. This gives me an opportunity to emphasize once again how anything gets done in the Senate--only in a bipartisan way. This is a bipartisan bill.Democrats and Republicans agree to everything in this bill, and the international provisions we agreed to were provisions that actually help U.S. job creation and help our own economic growth.  I ask the Senate to support Senator Baucus and this Senator in this bipartisan bill. I hope Members will not buy the distortion. None of the international changes caused jobs to go offshore. Just the opposite. These were selected to bring the foreign money back for real investment in the United States, creating jobs in the United States, creating manufacturing jobs in the United States because this is a manufacturing bill. These changes level the playing field between the United States and foreign companies operating inside the United States. They were specifically selected because they tend to help U.S.-based manufacturers more than other sectors of our economy.  The entire JOBS bill is geared towards creating jobs in manufacturing--jobs in the United States, not overseas--because American manufacturing overseas does not benefit from this bill.  It is quite simple. These are the only kinds of international provisions we could ever get bipartisan agreement on because it is so obvious. It is so obvious, it came 19-2 out of our committee. We should not allow international rules to remain in place if they harm U.S. operation. Once again, we are talking about commonsense international tax reform. In fact, if anyone wants to condemn this bill, it is that maybe we do not do anything radical in this bill. We just fix problems. We fix problems with current law. We fix problems with current law that happens to be harming U.S. domestic interests.  So I ask Members to vote against the amendment of the distinguished Senator from South Carolina.  I yield the floor.  