 President, I rise today to speak to an issue that is vitally important--hospital safety. For too long, the Federal Government has not had the appropriate oversight authority to assure safety in our Nation's hospitals.  I am proud to introduce the Medicare Hospital Accreditation Act, bipartisan legislation that will give the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) the same oversight capacity over hospital accreditation that it has over all other health care accrediting bodies.  The Joint Commission for Accreditation of Health Organizations (JCAHO) is a private, not-for-profit organization. In 1965 Congress granted JCAHO ``deeming authority'' for Medicare certification under Section 1865 of the Social Security Act. This sweeping authority gave hospitals accredited by JCAHO the ability to participate in Medicare with minimal CMS oversight. Since then, JCAHO has accredited most of our Nation's hospitals--over 80 percent in 2002. No other health care accreditation program has had this same statutory exception.  Congress gave JCAHO an important role to detect and correct problems that directly affect the lives of patients in hospitals. Congress, CMS and in turn the American people, rely upon JCAHO's work to ensure the quality and safety in our Nation's hospitals.  JCAHO's own mission claims to continuously improve the safety and quality of care provided to the public through the provision of health care accreditation.  Unfortunately, JCAHO was entrusted with this responsibility without the necessary checks and balances so crucial to a government responsive to the needs of the people it serves.  This GAO report is only the most recent evidence showing problems with the Joint Commission. In June of 1990, the GAO found that CMS, which was then called the Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA), needed to reevaluate the criteria used to evaluate the JCAHO's survey process and recommended that HCFA establish a means to detect significant differences between state agency and Joint Commission surveys.  In May of 1991, the GAO published a report titled ``Hospitals with Quality-of-Care Problems Need Closer Monitoring'' and recommended that HCFA closely monitor the Joint Commission's follow-up of hospital efforts to correct deficiencies it found related to Medicare conditions of participation.  Then in 1999, the Inspector General for the Department of Health & Human Services also raised serious concerns. The IG looked at how well the Joint Commission identified deficiencies in hospitals and found that the Joint Commission's surveys were not likely to identify patterns of deficient care.  Today's GAO findings are likewise significant. Over the course of 3 years--between 2000 and 2002--500 hospitals were surveyed by both JCAHO and by a state survey agency on behalf of CMS. According to the GAO, a comparison of these surveys revealed that the state surveys often found serious deficiencies--serious deficiencies that went overlooked or unnoticed by JCAHO.  In fact, the GAO found that out of the 157 hospitals found with serious deficiencies, JCAHO identified only 34. In other words, compared to state surveyors, JCAHO missed hospitals with deficiencies 78 percent of the time.  A hospital that prepared and administered drugs in violation of federal and state laws is just one example of a serious deficiency found by a state agency, but missed by JCAHO in its 2000 survey.  Serious deficiencies found by state agencies but missed by JCAHO represent a pattern of deficient care--not merely isolated incidents. Unlike isolated incidents, a pattern of deficient care raises grave concerns because of the potential to place dozens of lives in danger, involving for example a floor or entire wing where many hospital patients are receiving their care.  Because JCAHO's hospital ``deeming authority'' is statutorily mandated, CMS cannot terminate this authority. Today, we are taking the first step to give CMS the same oversight capability over JCAHO that it has over all other health care accrediting organizations.  This legislation will give CMS the authority and responsibility to hold JCAHO accountable and, if necessary, restrict or remove its hospital accreditation authority. It will bring uniformity to the health care accreditation process and will provide a more effective chain-of-command. JCAHO will have to answer to CMS--as it does in other sectors of health care accreditation.  The GAO recommends that Congress grant CMS greater oversight over JCAHO's hospital accreditation process. CMS agrees. JCAHO agrees. My colleague from across the aisle and across the Capitol, Congressman Stark--who as we speak is introducing the companion bill in the House of Representatives--agrees with this finding.  I urge your support for this much-needed legislation.  