 President, I am pleased to be joined by my colleague Senator Feinstein in support of amendment No. 3402 to S. 2400, the Department of Defense Reauthorization bill. We hope this resolution expressing Congress's expectations will encourage the Department to do more to address narcotics trafficking in Afghanistan.  This resolution calls upon the President to make the elimination of drug trafficking in Afghanistan a priority in the global war on terror; encourages the Secretary of Defense to increase cooperation and coordination with the Government of Afghanistan and our allies to assist in providing a secure environment for counterdrug personnel operating in Afghanistan; and calls upon the Armed Forces to work with our allies against the regional illicit narcotics trade.  These are not original observations. In testimony before both committees in both Chambers, several officials from the Department of Defense have affirmed that there is a strong, direct connection between terrorism and drug trafficking. We know from this testimony and other evidence that some of the profits generated by narcotics trafficking support terrorists.  This resolution is needed, because there is some inconsistency between the direction that we are providing to our troops in Afghanistan and the narco-terrorist connection. I do not believe that we will see long-term success in the global war on terror until the financial underpinnings of terrorists are eliminated, and I do not believe that Afghanistan can avoid becoming a narco-state if the drug trafficking there is not addressed. To avoid these potential pitfalls, we must step up our counter-narcotics activities in Afghanistan. I hope the administration, and particularly the Department of Defense, will heed this resolution.  Narcotic trafficking is not only a source of funding for terrorist organizations, but its production poses a threat to the future stability of Afghanistan. President Karzai has stated repeatedly that he believes opium production poses a significant threat to the future of Afghanistan. His concerns are echoed by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, which recently warned that Afghanistan is at risk of again becoming a failed state if strong actions are not taken against narcotics. If we are going to assist the people of Afghanistan in their efforts to create a stable country, we cannot ignore their pleas for greater action against the narco-terrorists operating in the region.  Mr. President, I believe that our current policy in Afghanistan does not square with these observations about the threat that narcotics pose to the future of Afghanistan. Attempts are being made to separate anti-terror operations from anti-drug operations, despite the acknowledged link between the two. We know that drug trafficking is a war industry of terrorism. If we are going to be successful, we must eliminate the financial underpinnings of terrorism just as effectively as the organizations themselves.  Those who sell and trade opium in Afghanistan are narco-terrorists. They support terrorists and insurgents who oppose the legitimate government. By supporting terrorists and insurgents, they become legitimate targets for the Combined Forces Command-Afghanistan. Just as ball bearing factories in Nazi Germany were important military targets during World War II, drug labs, and those who facilitate the drug trade, should also be considered viable military targets as we prosecute the War on Terror.  I believe that the United States should treat narcotics traffickers no different than others suspected of cooperating with terrorists. The connection is real, and cannot be ignored. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this resolution.  