 President, I yield the Senator from Arizona 10 minutes.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, today we will be voting on a conference report to extend several very important middle class tax provisions through 2010.  Throughout the Senate's budget debates this year, I have consistently supported the extension of the marriage penalty relief and the child tax credit, and expansion of the 10 percent income tax bracket. The conference report before us extends these family tax relief provisions through 2010, and I will vote to support its passage. But I cannot cast this vote without also expressing my grave concerns over the very serious financial situation facing our country. We have got to start making some tough choices around here.  The cost of the measure before us today is estimated to be $146 billion and it is not offset. Again, I support extending this tax relief to American families, but we have got to wake up and take a long hard look at how we are going to pay for all of this. As the saying goes, the future is now. We face a $422 billion deficit, yet we continue to approve legislation containing billions and billions of dollars in unrequested and unauthorized pork barrel projects. In fact, according to the Congressional Research Service, the number of congressional earmarks found in the 13 annual appropriations bills only continue to grow. In 1994, the year the Republicans gained control of Congress, there were 4,126 earmarks. In 2004, there were 14,040! How can we defend that track record to the taxpayer?  It is unfortunate, although not surprising, that this conference report includes a number of special interest tax provisions. We would be doing a far better service to the American taxpayers if we were simply acting on the three family tax provisions I mentioned earlier.  Let me briefly discuss just one of these ad-ons. Nestled within this conference report is a provision to continue one of the most ironic and bizarre U.S. policies to be considered, not to mention enacted. Under the false guise of exploring environmentally-friendly alternative energy sources, this conference report extends a subsidy offered to facilities that burn animal droppings--or as it is coined in this report, ``poultry litter.'' We have all heard of ``litter bugs'' and now we have ``litter chickens.'' I raised similar objections to a related provision when it was included in the FSC/ETC bill debated earlier this year.  I don't want to go into the poultry manure and by-product of droppings, but the fact is that no less green an organization than ``Friends of the Earth'' opposes burning these droppings as an energy source because the process, and I quote, ``cause[s] serious environmental and community health problems.'' Moreover, EPA studies have suggested that these facilities have the potential to cause more air pollution than a coal plant. On top of all this, these facilities drive up prices on natural fertilizers used on American farms, actually detracting from an environmentally-friendly farming process that requires no government subsidy.  Why on earth are we wasting valuable money on such a subsidy, especially when such dire financial and energy needs are facing this country today? We have limited resources to devote to serious renewable energy sources such as solar, wind, geothermal, and sound biomass renewables. Subsidizing the burning of animal droppings does a disservice to worthy renewable energy programs.  Again, we must not continue to view spending in a vacuum or as piecemeal. The effects of our spending are cumulative, and the day is fast approaching when we will be forced to reap what we have sown. Earlier this year, we passed a so-called jobs bill estimated to cost $180 billion, chock full of billions of dollars in tax breaks for wealthy oil and gas companies and other special interests.  On top of all this, last year we expanded Medicare, an already ailing entitlement program, by adding a costly prescription drug benefit. At the time, I spoke at length about my concerns that such an expansion would be detrimental to the future solvency of our Nation and leave future generations with a reckless and unjust financial burden.  Sure enough, that law's price tag grew from an estimated $400 billion when it was passed by Congress to $534 billion just 3 months later. Not surprisingly, this past Sunday, the Washington Post reported that the program is estimated to cost an additional $42 billion, bringing it to a total of $576 billion. I wonder what the next estimate will bring.  The prescription drug benefit represented the single largest expansion of Medicare since its creation, offering enormous profits and protections for a few of the country's most powerful interest groups: the pharmaceutical companies. That is who made out on this bill, Mr. President, not our seniors who do not understand it and do not get it. But the pharmaceutical companies did just fine.  When will we begin to make wiser and more fiscally responsible policy decisions? What is the result of all this? Everything has consequences. In March, it was reported that Medicare will face insolvency by 2019--by 2019. Because of the swelling cost of the program associated with the prescription drug benefit, Medicare will become insolvent 7 years sooner than previous estimates. An August 17 editorial in the Washington Post stated that ``in 2004, the combined cost of Medicare and the Federal portion of Medicaid comes to 3.8 percent of GDP; by 2040, it will be 10.1 percent . . . the projected increase in health spending is nearly three times bigger than the projected increase in Social Security costs.'' Whatwill it take to give Congress the wakeup call it needs? Again, we have to start addressing the serious fiscal realities of our future. We have to make some tough decisions.  Let's not forget we are at war. To date, we spent over $100 billion for our operations in Iraq alone. That cost will escalate. I know--I don't guess--I know we are going to be in Iraq for a long time, and it is going to be very expensive. I will continue to support whatever is necessary to ensure that our brave men and women defending freedom around the world have everything they need to succeed and to come home safely. It appears that our commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan will last well into the future.  While doing these things, we need to be thinking about the future of America and the future generations that are going to be paying the tab for our outrageous, continued spending. It is not fiscally responsible for us to continue to spend and spend and spend without cutting spending elsewhere. We have had ample opportunities to tighten our belts in this town in recent years, and we have taken a pass each and every time.  According to the GAO, the unfunded Federal financial burden, such as public debt, future Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid payments, totals more than $40 trillion, or $140,000 per man, woman, and child. To put this in perspective, the average mortgage, which is often a family's largest liability, is only $124,000.  In a joint statement, the Committee for Economic Development, the Concord Coalition, and the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities stated:       Without a change in current (fiscal) policies, the Federal      Government can expect to run a cumulative deficit of $5      trillion over the next 10 years.  These figures are shameful and frightening. We are supposed to be helping out middle-income and low-income people with this tax cut today. Who suffers the most when interest rates go up and inflation goes up? People on fixed income and middle-income Americans.  We are mortgaging our children's and our grandchildren's futures. Did anybody have an idea that maybe we could cut some spending somewhere to maybe make up for a little bit of this generous tax cut? I never saw it proposed.  The Congressional Budget Office has issued warnings about the dangers that lie ahead if we continue to spend in this manner. In a report issued at the beginning of the year, CBO stated that because of rising health care costs and an aging population, ``spending on entitlement programs--especially Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security--will claim a sharply increasing share of the Nation's economic output over the coming decades.''  The report went on to say:       Unless taxation reaches levels that are unprecedented in      the United States, current spending policies will probably be      financially unsustainable over the next 50 years. An ever-     growing burden of Federal debt held by the public would have      a corrosive effect on the economy.  Additionally, CBO has projected a 10-year deficit of $4.4 trillion.  Who are we hurting here by this continued spending that is going on? We are hurting our kids and our grandkids. I will probably be OK. We have a very generous retirement plan for Members of Congress, probably the most generous in the world. I would like to know what we are expecting to do for our kids and grandkids every time we add several billions of dollars.  One additional point, Mr. President. We added $2.9 billion for drought conditions to a hurricane disaster bill. I see the Senator from South Dakota on the floor. I supported it. Did we try to offset it with any cut in spending anywhere? Maybe the chicken litter program, maybe the $2 million we are spending this year to study the DNA of bears in Montana? No, we do not do any of that.  Our earmarks have gone up to 14,000 earmarks in the last 10 years, from 4,000. We are doing bad things, and we better stop doing it.  I yield the floor.  