 President, I just spoke for 30 seconds to get in the point that the Business Roundtable had called the offices of the various sponsors of this amendment saying that the Business Roundtable does not support this amendment. We were also told by the authors that the Information Technology Industry Council supported the amendment. I have had contact, through staff, with a Joe Pasetti of the Information Technology Industry Council, who made it clear they have not taken a position on the Wyden amendment. I think it would be incorrect to quote them as saying they support this amendment.  There are a couple of points I want to make about the points the proponents have made. The proponents, in opening debate, were concerned about the affordability of coverage. Yet their changes will make coverage less affordable. The amendment creates a back door exception to a requirement to have 3 months of coverage. This requirement is consistent with HIPAA standards and was agreed to when we adopted this original expansion of TAA in August 2002.  The changes to the rule will require health insurers to offer coverage to higher risk individuals. Health insurers, like the BlueCross BlueShield plans, will either have to increase premiums or not offer coverage. I have said many times that you ought to be concerned about affordability. The authors of the amendment say they are concerned about affordability, but the amendment will make coverage more unaffordable. Fewer people will be able to use the credit.  Proponents of the amendment also have made the claim that I have referred to before where they said only 5 percent of the people are making use of this new program. Well, what do you expect after just 9 months being operational--just 9 months before the massive expansion of this program? But they refer to this 5 percent. They would make it broader and say we have a low uptake rate and that this signals failure of the program we adopted 2 years ago, which is now just being undertaken for 9 months.  Let me repeat that this program is a very young program. The enrollment numbers only reflect those who have signed up for the advanceable credit. The numbers don't include dependents. The numbers don't include people who claim the credit on their yearend return. We would not even know that yet. Treasury is trying to analyze that data of the people who claimed the yearend credit. Just like I said, we don't have complete data. What would you expect after only 9 months? I hope our colleagues will take this into consideration when looking at a massive expansion.  I yield the floor.  