 President, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  There are over 500 products on this list. There are 500 products on this list on which we know there are sanctions and tariffs from Europe, which will make our products uncompetitive. I thought I would list a few of these and the States these products come from so Senators will know they are voting against jobs in their own States by this process of European sanctions:  Precious stones and metals would be affected in New York, New Jersey, Utah; nuclear reactors and boilers, California, Texas, Ohio, Michigan; toys, games, and sports equipment, California, New York, and Wisconsin; electric machinery, California, Massachusetts, Texas; wood products, Minnesota, California, Georgia, Pennsylvania; wood industry residues and animal feed, Louisiana, Florida, Illinois; aluminum, New York, Ohio, Georgia, California; iron and steel, Pennsylvania, Ohio, California; glass and glassware, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey; leather art, saddlery, handbags, California, New York, Texas; tools, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania; paper, paperboard, and articles, Georgia, South Carolina, Massachusetts; articles of iron and steel, California, Illinois, Pennsylvania; apparel that is not knit, California, New York, New Jersey; meat and edible meat, Texas, Florida, Illinois, Minnesota; copper, Illinois, Pennsylvania, California; animal or vegetable fats, New York, Texas, California, Louisiana; edible vegetables, California, Washington, Oregon; apparel, knit or crochet, California, New York, North Carolina; oilseeds and grain, California, New York, Oregon; textile art and needlecraft, New York, Illinois, and California; ceramic products, California, Pennsylvania, Illinois; footwear, gaiters, California, Massachusetts, New York; carpets, Georgia, New York, South Carolina; cereal, flour, starch, or milk, California, New York, Illinois; soap, waxes, polish, candles, Ohio, Massachusetts, California; edible fruit and nuts, California, Florida, Washington; products of animal origin, New York, California, Pennsylvania.  We can go on and on because there are more that I could give. For one, I hope that every Senator realizes this 5-percent tariff is going to go up 1 percent a month for the next 12 months, adding up to a 17-percent tariff. The extent to which these products are hurt by that 5-percent tariff each month we wait to get this legislation passed, it is going to place more of a burden on American industry, lose more American jobs, and lose an opportunity to create jobs, which this legislation does.  I also remind some Members that have asked us to put provisions in this bill, if they vote against cloture, they are voting against these provisions. There is a new homestead provision forrural development providing special assistance for businesses in counties losing population. There is a provision that allows payment under the National Health Service Corps loan repayment program to exempt that payment from taxation.  We have provisions in this bill to clean up brownfields.  We have provisions in this bill for mortgage revenue bonds.  There are 70 Senate cosponsors of this bill.  We allow deductions for private mortgage insurance for people struggling to afford a new home.  We have extended and enhanced the Liberty Zone bonds for the rebuilding of New York City.  We also included $100 million in tax credits to be used on rail infrastructure projects within the New York Liberty Zone.  We have bonds for rebuilding school infrastructure.  We have some provisions in this bill for Native Americans.  These are provisions Members have asked us to accommodate them on in this legislation. Is it worth killing off these important priorities by voting against cloture, not letting us get to finality, not letting us make American industry more competitive, which obviously is going to create jobs, about which we heard so much concern on the part of Members of this body, that we have a healthy recovery of 5-percent growth, only 5.6-percent unemployment, which, historically, is very low unemployment, but still not enough jobs being created?  The situation is going to get worse if we do not pass this legislation.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  I withhold that request. I yield 5 minutes to the Senator from Kentucky.  