 President, for this entire year I have come to the floor many times to tell my colleagues all the reasons this conference report is a must-pass piece of legislation. I have talked about trade and I have talked about tariffs. I have talked about the necessity of stopping outsourcing, lowering the cost of capital to our corporations so they can be more competitive in international competition, keeping jobs in America, reducing that cost of capital, as this bill does, by reducing the corporate tax rate for manufacturing in America--a direct incentive to produce here rather than producing overseas.  Now, that is what the main part of this bill is all about, but it has some other aspects to it. I want to talk about $24 billion--$24 billion--that may be gone forever if we do not pass this bill; $24 billion to go into the highway trust fund. I do not serve on the committee that expends the money from the highway trust fund. I do serve on the committee, the Finance Committee, that provides how much gas tax we should have and other moneys that go into the highway trust fund. But for those who do deal daily with the highway trust fund, this $24 billion is the biggest single increase in highway trust fund income in over 6 years.  Now, where does the $24 billion come from? It does not come from new taxes. Instead, we overhaul an outdated excise tax system to address our Nation's increased use of renewable fuels, such as ethanol.  In addition to overhauling the excise tax system that is outdated, we crack down on big-time fuel fraud to make sure that bad guys are not robbing our States of their much-needed highway money. But the only way we can get all of that money is if we pass this bill, and do it right now, because that will bring $24 billion into the trust fund--the only way.  You have to put the money into the trust fund today to build roads tomorrow. And you cannot start collecting any new money until we change these outdated rules that keep this $24 billion from going into the road fund. All of the Senators who are filibustering this bill are costing every State new highway dollars.  To put this in perspective, my home State of Iowa, as an example, under this bill could get an additional $900 million over 6 years, but only if we pass this bill this year. So anybody from the State of Iowa voting in the Congress of the United States ought to know if they vote no on this bill that they are costing the State of Iowa $900 million. Even if we postponed the rule changes until we pass a highway bill now, which is not going to be passed until next year, Iowa will still lose $140 million forever--never get that back.  How many roads can Iowa build with $900 million? How many bridges can we repair with $900 million? I do not know why any Senator would jeopardize the safety of every citizen in his State by failing to pass the highway trust fund.  