 President, I rise today to discuss the importance of accurate data to the debate over the budget resolution, particularly as it relates to the distribution of the tax burden. Over the past several days, a number of my colleagues have made claims that the tax relief we have enacted over the past three years only benefits the wealthiest of Americans.  In this debate, as well as all tax policy debates, it is important to use accurate data, and to debate the issues in an intellectually honest manner.  One of the key questions in any tax relief package is fairness. In evaluating fairness, we frequently look at whether a proposal retains or improves the progressivity of our tax system. Critics of tax relief continue to attempt to use distribution tables to show that tax relief proposals disproportionately benefit upper income taxpayers.  The tax relief that has been enacted to date, in the 2001 and 2003 tax relief packages, is promoting investment incentives so that companies will purchase additional capital and labor.  Criticizing these plans for benefiting wealthy taxpayers assumes that the rich stay rich and the poor stay poor.  Recent studies, including one produced by the National Center for Policy Analysis, indicate that this is untrue. The May 2003 study measures income mobility by breaking same age workers into five income levels and by monitoring their movement between the income quintiles over 15 years.  The study shows there is considerable economic mobility in America and that large numbers of people move up and down the economic ladder in relatively short periods of time. Moreover, in recent years earning mobility has increased.  The study demonstrates that within a single 1-year time frame that one-third of workers in the bottom quintile move up and one-fourth of workers in the top quintile move down. One-half of the remaining labor force changed quintiles within one year and 60 percent of workers are upwardly mobile within 10 years. The study also showed that after 10 years, two-thirds of workers change quintiles.  A University of Michigan study also concludes that taxpayers tend to move between income groups during their lifetimes. This makes sense. Taxpayers are likely to be lower-income earners early and late in life but are likely to be higher-income earners during the mid-points of their lives.  My understanding is that the Congressional Budget Office--CBO--is considering the use of income mobility concepts in its analyses. I'm pleased that the non-partisan official scorekeeping organization recognizes the important issue of income mobility.  What allowed these people to escape the lowest income quintile and start earning more money is college education and acquiring necessary skills on the job. Interestingly, anecdotal evidence shows 80 percent of individuals on the Forbes 400 list were self-made, as opposed to those who inherited fortunes.  Again, this underlines the importance of taking advantage of educational opportunities. Education allowed these people to overcome differences in parental income, increased their chances to escape low wage jobs, and determined the success of their future earnings.  Too often distribution tables are used in an almost fetish-like manner. It is important to understand that the tables are, at best, snapshots. The reality is much more complex. Distribution tables are useful policy tools, but they must be used in context.  The NCPA study confirms that there is substantial economic mobility between generations. Almost 60 percent of sons whose parents' incomes were in the bottom 20 percent are in a higher income group; 31 percent have incomes in the top 60 percent.  Therefore, whoever is saying that once rich, Americans stay rich, and once poor, they stay poor, is purely mistaken. I welcome this data on this important matter for one simple reason: it sheds light on what America really is all about--vast opportunities and economic mobility.  Built by people from all over the world, our country truly provides unique opportunities for everyone. These opportunities include better education, healthcare services, land financial security. But most importantly, our country provides people with freedom to obtain necessary skills to climb the economic ladder and live better lives.  We are a free nation. We are a mobile nation. We are a nation of hard-working, innovative, skilled and resilient people who like to take risks when necessary in order to succeed. We have an obligation as lawmakers to incorporate these fundamental principles into our tax system.  