 President, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to make very clear that the vote that is coming up, that we call cloture, is an effort to reach finality on this legislation. We won't be able to do it otherwise. So I think it is a very important vote, particularly considering the fact that Europe has put a 5-percent tariff on a lot of agricultural and manufacturing and timber products. We need to think in terms of a 5-percent tariff making a very uneven playing field for American manufacturingand agriculture, if we are going to do business with Europe.  I hope each person in the Senate will think of the products they might export to Europe, the extent to which those products now have, already, a 5-percent tariff. Then there is going to be a 1-percent tariff added each succeeding month, up to 17 percent. Think in terms of our inability to export to Europe those products.  I have in front of me several pages of items that they have already legally put these tariffs on because we lost the World Trade Organization decision. And pretty soon, when you keep getting a percent added every month, there is going to be a lot of layoffs in these industries because they can't compete.  I already met with a group at 9 o'clock this morning that told me with the 5-percent tariff on their products, they are unable to make sales in Europe. That happened to come from the timber and paper industry. I can say that.  This legislation, if we pass it, will not only take care of the problem of the tariffs being put on, they will go away when we pass this legislation. So there is no more sanctions, no more penalizing tariffs against American products. Not only that, but we are going to reduce the taxation of manufacturing that is done in the United States by American workers. We are going to reduce the corporate tax on manufacturing here. American corporations that manufacture overseas will not get the benefit from it. Foreign corporations that come to America to set up plants hiring American workers will get the benefit of the lower rate of taxation. So this is tilted very much toward the preservation of jobs.  I remind people on the other side of the aisle who have been legitimately wondering when jobs are going to start being created in a very healthy economic climate of 5-percent growth and only .5- and .6-percent unemployment, we are all concerned about that--very healthy recovery, but particularly in manufacturing, not jobs being created the way they would normally happen. This is the opportunity for any Members of the Senate who are concerned about that to help us get cloture and pass this bill so we preserve jobs in manufacturing and we create jobs in manufacturing by emphasizing made in America.  I yield the floor.  