 President, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of bipartisan legislation to authorize the modernization of the lock and dam infrastructure and enhanced environmental restoration on the Upper Mississippi and Illinois Rivers.  Modernizing the inland waterway transportation system remains a high priority for the Upper Mississippi River basin and for agricultural, commercial, and labor interests that rely on the river to transport their products. In addition to strong grassroots support for this endeavor, the State legislatures have passed resolutions endorsing lock and dam modernization, ecosystem restoration, and Congressional action.  Agriculture and related industries in Iowa and the other States on the Upper Mississippi remain competitive in world markets, despite higher production costs, because of the efficiencies inherent in river transport. More than 60 percent of all grain exports move from the Upper Mississippi, makingthis competitive advantage vital to their ability to operate their business. Over 400,000 full and part-time jobs in our basin are connected to the river. Without modernization, Midwest producers will not be able to compete in anticipated world grain export growth.  Furthermore, a recent study estimates the loss of 30,000 jobs nationwide, $562 million annually in lost farm income and $185 million annually in lost State and local tax receipts if the lock and dam system is not upgraded. Providing U.S. agricultural producers every opportunity to export their products to world markets is essential for their financial well-being and future viability.  While it is important to consider economic benefits, we must also protect the ecosystem of the river. A cooperative solution can meet the needs of farmers and waterway users while at the same time improve the environment and stem the decline of the Rivers' ecosystems through enhanced authorities. Restoring the ecosystem is not mutually exclusive to lock modernization.  After 12 years and $70 million of study, we firmly believe that the time has come to take action. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation providing initial authorization to begin the modernization process and enhance the authorities to address broader ecosystem restoration. Without immediate action, the health of both the agriculture economy and river ecosystem will continue to decline.  