  First of all, the Senator from Connecticut asks a legitimate question of the Senator from Washington about when this might come up. There is an orderly way of doing things around here. And usually in the Senate, the leader--and that is not me; that is Senator Frist from Tennessee--sets the agenda for the Senate.  It is my understanding that right now we are working on it. I do not know whether the Senator from Washington or the Senator from Connecticut has been in contact with the leadership of the Senate so we can do things in an orderly way or whether they want to make political points. But I hope they want to do it in an orderly way because that is the way things get done around here. So it is not with pleasure that I object right now, and look like a bad person to the Senator from Washington--because she has always treated me very fairly in her service in the Senate--and to object particularly when we are probably, in a matter of hours or a few days, going to pass this legislation. I am sure it is going to be passed in a way so that the unemployment compensation is seamless for those who are otherwise entitled to it.  That is all I can do to answer the question of the Senator from Connecticut. It is my firm conviction it is going to happen.  Now, maybe I think things are going to happen, but they might not because of something beyond what I know now. But I think they are going to happen. I know there have already been suggestions made between the two leaders of the Senate's political parties--our respective caucuses--to move some of these important issues along.  But do the members of the Democratic Party in the Senate think only Democrats have important issues they want to bring up? Don't they think there might be a few Republicans who have something they want to bring up? So you work these accommodations out. That is what I think we ought to do.  But what I would like to do, for just a few minutes, is speak to--not to challenge anything the Senator from Washington said about unemployment because, factually, I do not think you can do that--but there are other thoughts that need to be put on the table at the same time.  I made a presentation here 2 weeks ago to try to bring into this debate points of view that are made by the intellectual wing of the Democratic Party to offset what we have just heard from the political wing of the Democratic Party. And I quoted a former Democratic Secretary of Labor in the Clinton administration, Robert Reich. I want to quote him again because he writes very eloquently about job changes going on in America and about job loss in America.  I will quote this long paragraph:       It's true that U.S. manufacturing employment has been      dropping for many years, but that's not primarily due to      foreigners taking these jobs. Factory jobs are vanishing all      over the world. Economists at Alliance Capital Management      took a look at employment trends in 20 large economies and      found that between 1995 and 2002, 22 million factory jobs had      disappeared.  Now get this:       The U.S. wasn't even the biggest loser. We lost about 11      percent of our manufacturing jobs in that period, but the      Japanese lost 16 percent of theirs. Even developing nations      lost factory jobs: Brazil suffered a 20 percent decline,      China a 15 percent drop. What happened to factory jobs? In      two words, higher productivity.  He says:       I recently toured a U.S. factory containing two employees      and 400 computerized robots. The two live people sat in front      of computer screens and instructed the robots. In a few years      this factory won't have a single employee on site, except for      an occasional visiting technician who repairs and upgrades      the robots, like the gas man changing your meter.  The points about productivity she made very well, I believe. But here is the other side of that. You can create jobs and not have productivity--be inefficient, be uncompetitive, and not have a business after a while. Or you can be productive because enhancing productivity in America is what it takes to raise wages. If you want to increase the standard of living in America, you have to raise wages. To raise wages, you have to enhance productivity.  So are they suggesting we ought to turn the clock back and forget about productivity, forget about raising the standard of living in America? Do they want us to become some Third World economy over the period of the next 50 years, if you went down that road, or do you want to do what America can do best, the other things Secretary Reich is referring to? We have a knowledge base in America. Take advantage of that knowledge base. Create jobs that are more productive and, in the process, raise wages and raise the standard of living. Those are the choices we have.  America is a dynamic economy. Every month 7 million jobs go out of existence, and 7 million jobs come into existence. It would be ideal if it were more than 7 million jobs coming on board. That hasn't happened, and that is why we have the 2.3 million jobs that are referred to all the time.  Do you think it is always going to be this way in America? Absolutely not, because of the dynamic economy we have. It is because we are always enhancing productivity that we are going to do better.  You don't have to be a defeatist when it comes to the economy. We have gone through tougher times. We have gone through tougher times when unemployment was 25 percent, not 5.6 percent. We got through it. America is stronger today. Don't lose faith in America.  