 President, as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee that had jurisdiction over the prescription drug bill for seniors, and as one of those who worked on the final product as a member of the conference committee, as one who is very happy we have this piece of legislation passed, as one, after having 36 town meetings in my State since the first of the year, who has come to the conclusion that seniors are beginning to look at this program and see it as something very beneficial to them, I wish to take a few minutes to respond to the exchange that was recently put on by the Senator from Michigan and the Senator from Illinois--not to address the enlarged picture they just talked about but to address some misconceptions that can come from parts of their statements.  I would start, first, with the issue of the provision in the bill that deals with the Federal Government not negotiating the price of drugs. That was put in there for a very specific purpose. That specific purpose was, we know what the situation is with the Veterans' Administration negotiating drug prices. Yes, prices are lower for drugs because they are doing that, but we have found that the Veterans' Administration will not pay for every particular drug that a doctor might want to prescribe.  I had this brought home to me very clearly in my Des Moines town meeting, where the first question I had was from a constituent who was mad because her doctor prescribed a drug for which the VA was not going to pay. We do not want the Government bureaucrat in the medicine cabinet of the senior citizens of America. We do not want the Government bureaucrat coming between the doctor and the patient. We see that in the VA program.  What we have done in the legislation is to build upon a 40-year practice of the Federal Government, and all health care, but particularly for prescription drugs for Federal employees, through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan. We do not pretend to duplicate that plan, but there is some good experience of those plans negotiating with drug companies to bring down the price of drugs. So we do not have to have the Federal Government negotiating drugs. In fact, as I said, we specifically do not want it negotiating it. We do not want the bureaucrat in your medicine cabinet because we have plans that have been set up in this bill to negotiate with drug companies to bring down the price of drugs, exactly the same way the plans for the Federal employees bring down the price of drugs. They are very well thought out and a very good practice, but, most importantly, we do not want to duplicate the shortcomings of the Veterans' Administration program.  The second point I would give further explanation to is the exchange that went on belittling the AARP for backing this legislation. I compliment the AARP because we would not have a bill without the AARP backing this legislation, because the AARP had the capability of helping us get a bipartisan coalition. Without them, we would not have had a bipartisan coalition, and you do not get anything done in the Senate that is not done in a bipartisan way.  Now, what is odd about Democrats finding fault with the AARP backing this bipartisan bill is that the year before, in 2002, the AARP was backing Senator Kennedy's bill. So it seems to me that for Democrats the AARP is OK if they are backing a Democrat bill, but if they want to back a bipartisan bill, it is a sin for the AARP to do such a thing.  The AARP is looking at individual pieces of legislation, looking out for the greater good of their members, and helping get a product as opposed to, presumably, people on the other side of the aisle who want an issue rather than a product. So I think the AARP has done very well. I compliment them for doing that. We would not have a bill without them.  What Democrats have to get over is that the senior citizens of America are not Democrat property. They are individual Americans, and they ought to be seen as individual Americans, and they and their organizations not be denigrated because the Democrats think they have a grip on all seniors of America; they do not. But that is the resentment toward the AARP.  Another issue I want to explain is the impression that we have given the bureaucracy 2 years to institute the permanent program for the reason that we wanted to get way beyond the next election. It was said that maybe the first Medicare Program, in 1965, was implemented in 8 months. I was told it was a little over a year. So, to me, 2 years--38 years later--to do the first major improvement to Medicare in 38 years, to do it right--and it was not the President who decided it would take 2 years, as was indicated. Way back when we were dealing with the tripartisan bill, in the year 2002, I and my staff asked the bureaucracy: We want this done right. How much time should we give you to implement it? These nonpolitical people, being honest with us, said about 2 years. So we gave 2 years for the implementation of it. It had nothing to do with the President of the United States. It had nothing to do with the upcoming election. It is just our desire that if you are going to implement the first improvement in Medicare in 38 years, you ought to do it right. It was not our judgment of how much time it takes but a nonpolitical judgment of how much time it takes. That is what we were told, and that is what we did.  We do not wait for 2 years for this program to kick in. We have the temporary program that starts June 1, the discount card, and the subsidy for low-income people to get $600 this year and $600 next year to help them buy drugs while we are waiting to get the permanent program in place. Congress made that decision to take 2 years, not the President of the United States.  Now, there was also, throughout this discussion we heard, all sorts of insinuations that somehow this is a bill to benefit pharmaceuticals. Well, let me tell you, if the pharmaceutical companies had their way, there would not be any bill. But they knew there was going to be a bill. The drug companies that patent prescription drugs do not want generics out there. A very major provision of this bill to bring down the cost of drugs is that provision that does away with the legal subterfuge by which drug companies extend the life of their patent by making arrangements today with generic companies to keep their drug off the market, and they pay them to do it, so that, effectively, the patent is extended beyond 17 years. We did away with that. The pharmaceutical companies did not want that provision changed but we did that.  Another impression that is misleading has to do with the true cost of this bill. We hear the Congressional Budget Office says it is $395 billion. Then a month or two later the Center for Medicare Services says it is $535 billion.  Mr. President, is my time up?  