 President, I rise in support of the Gregg amendment to provide a little more equity to school districts in the often overly litigious world of special education.  Currently, IDEA only allows parents who are prevailing parties to collect attorney's fees. Even if the school district prevails in court, it must pay its attorneys out of its own budget. Under the Gregg amendment, this would still be the case in vast majority of cases.  The Gregg amendment does not cap attorney's fees allowed under IDEA and it is not even a straight ``loser pays'' provision.  The Gregg amendment simply provides that State or local education agencies may be awarded attorney's fees, at the judges discretion, only in those very limited cases where the parent's case is--``frivolous, unreasonable, or without foundation, or the parent continued to litigate even after it became clear that the case was frivolous'' or--if the parent's complaint was ``presented for any improper purpose.''  This is a very strict standard and is based on existing laws and precedents.  This strikes me as a very limited, reasonable amendment.  I should mention that in Iowa, we do not have a great many due process hearings and they rarely go to court. In fact, Iowa is a model of dispute resolution in the area of special education. It also helps that Iowa schools generally provide an excellent education to all students.  However, I have heard from many Iowa educators that the Federal IDEA law is too litigious. School districts often find themselves at a disadvantage when trying to prove that they have done right by a child. School districts find that it is usually easier and cheaper to give in to parents' demands rather than to go to court, even if school officials are convinced they have acted properly.  I am not suggesting we tip the scales the other way so that parents of disabled children are less able to advocate for the education they feel their children need.  The standard in the Gregg amendment is strict enough that it would still be to the advantage of school districts to settle all but the most egregious, frivolous complaints.  This amendment would not discourage any parent from pursuing any legitimate complaint, even if the parent might ultimately lose the case.  Parents must be able to defend the right of their child to a free, appropriate public education, even in court if necessary. However, frivolous due process complaints under IDEA abuse the rights of parents and hurt children.  When a school district must spend money to defend against frivolous cases, it drains funds away from needed services for other disabled children.  This amendment also protects parents from unscrupulous attorneys who would prey on parents when they are most vulnerable by encouraging them to litigate or prolong litigation in order to collect fees.  The law should protect children, not the pockets of trial lawyers.  Again, this amendment would in no way limit or discourage parents from pursuing legitimate complaints against a school district if they feel their child's school has not provided a free, appropriate public education. It would simply give school districts a little relief from abuses of the due process rights found in IDEA and ensure that our taxpayer dollars go toward educating children, not lining the pockets of unscrupulous trial lawyers.   