''  Well, this is just wrong and the evidence is staring them in the face. FSC/ETI itself is a tax cut for manufacturing. FSC/ETI keeps U.S. manufacturing competitive by lowering tax rates on exports. Manufacturers could lower their rates by 3 to 8 points.  The Joint Committee on Taxation says that 89 percent of all FSC/ETI benefits go to manufacturing companies. The Kyl-Nickles Treasury proposal would take money from FSC/ETI and spread it to other industry sectors.  Kyl-Nickles will be a $50 billion tax increase on manufacturing. It will not send the FSC/ETI repeal money back to manufacturing. It is mathematically impossible for their proposal to work any other way.  We know that tax increases do not create jobs. So why would Senator Kyl and Nickles increase manufacturing taxes by $50 billion?  There are other reasons why we did not go the route of the Kyl-Nickles approach. First, their top-level rate cut would only go to the biggest corporations in America. It would not go to family-held S corporations, partnerships, or smaller corporations.  Under the Finance Committee bill, all manufacturers in America, regardless of size, get a 3-point rate cut, including S corporations and partnerships.  S corporations and partnerships benefit under current FSC/ETI law, so the Kyl-Nickles bill takes a benefit away from them and gives it to large corporations.  Kyl-Nickles claim that a manufacturing tax cut ``penalizes all other U.S. businesses.'' I think just the opposite is true. The manufacturing sector should not be a revenue offset to give investment bankers a tax cut. Kyl-Nickles claim that our definition of manufacturing is too difficult to understand. But the definition we use in the JOBS Act is the same definition used for both FSC and ETI. It covers property that is manufactured, produced, grown or extracted within the United States.  This definition is 20 years old, but suddenly no one understands what it means. We did confirm that manufacturing includes computer software, films, and processed agricultural goods. Kyl-Nickles claim that these are special interest definitions of manufacturing. However, all of these activities qualified as manufacturing under the FSC/ETI rules, which have been in place for 20 years.  We also ensured that farm co-ops get the same benefit that they do under current law.  In response to our energy crisis, we provided that refining oil pulled from American wells would qualify as manufacturing.  They claim it is too difficult to allocate income and expenses in determining the amount of manufacturing income. But for 20 years, Treasury has had administrative pricing rules on its books that tell taxpayers how to allocate expenses in figuring FSCETI benefits. Our JOBS bill grants Treasury broad latitude to revise the cost allocation rules, based on existing tax principles.  Kyl-Nickles also claims that Canada recently gave up a similar manufacturing rate cut because it did not work. This is not correct. For many years, Canada had a special lower rate for their manufacturing sector. Canada created their manufacturing rate cut in reaction to the U.S. creating FSC back in 1982. They reduced their rate on manufacturing so they could stay competitive with the U.S. Canada recently repealed that provision because they reduced all their corporate rates to the lower manufacturing rate.  Canada did not repeal their manufacturing rate cut because of its complications. Canada ended their manufacturing regime because it worked so well, that they extended it to all sectors. But when Canada reduced their overall tax rates, they did not do so at the expense of their manufacturing sector.  We put together a strong bipartisan bill, with a 19-to-2 vote out of committee, that will cut our manufacturing tax rate this very year. There is no purpose in blocking such a strong bipartisan bill. These days, is it rare that we can reach such strong agreement on anything.  Mr. President, the CBO report says the flat corporate rate cut would yield slightly more long-term growth than the JOBS bill. But the reason has nothing to do with our manufacturing tax cut.  CBO says the antitax shelter provisions and Senator Smith's and Senator Ensign's homeland reinvestment provisions are the cause.  CBO says that because we shut down shelters, corporations' taxes won't be as low and, therefore, their long-term growth is not as high.  CBO also concludes that Senators Smith's and Ensign's temporary 1-year rate cut won't help in the long-term.  The CBO concludes that a flat rate cut could be more ``efficient'' than a manufacturing rate cut. So what do they mean by ``efficient''? They said it means that a manufacturing rate cut would cause more capital to flow into the manufacturing sector.  So I have to ask, what is the problem?  I thought tax cuts were designed to increase capital investment. Isn't that what we want for manufacturing?  If we increase taxes on manufacturing, then capital should flow out of the manufacturing sector. Is that what we want?  