 We have a program before us adopted 2 years ago but operational for about no more than 9 months. Now what we are doing is we are being asked to make a dramatic expansion of these programs with only 9 months' experience.  It seems to me to be a little bit early to be making these sorts of changes in a program that was a fundamental change in trade adjustment assistance 2 years ago. But of course it was a reasonable change to make because we are always trying to find ways to help people who previously had health insurance, who are unemployed through no fault of their own. We did that through the trade adjustment assistance expansion before.  I would like to respond to the first point made by the Senator from Oregon, and that is about the letter from BlueCross BlueShield Association that they have sent to all Members of the Senate voicing their concerns about this very dramatic expansion. I want to make it clear that it is legitimate for them to raise their concerns because it is their members, the Blues, who have stepped up to the plate to serve those eligible for the credit. They are the ones out there serving the public the way Congress intended. So if they have some concerns that they are just 9 months into a program and having a very dramatic change in the program, yes, wouldn't you expect them to voice some concerns?  In addition, though, to the BlueCross BlueShield Association, I have had expressed to me--not in letter form, but I hope my colleagues will take this into consideration in voting--I have had expressed concerns about this amendment from the America's Health Insurance Plans and the National Association of Health Underwriters as well.  I have to say I reluctantly oppose this amendment. I was hoping we would be able to work out further bipartisan agreement behind this amendment than what has come out. While I am not opposed in general to making some service workers eligible for trade adjustment assistance and to making improvements to the Trade Act health tax credit, this amendment goes too far too soon. I had hoped we could reach a more bipartisan compromise on TAA for service workers, and I am extremely disappointed that we could not do that.  This amendment started out with a few pages as a simple and straightforward idea to extend trade adjustment assistance to low-skilled service workers who might be displaced by trade. The original bill, S. 2157, reflected that idea. That idea appealed to me, I say to the Senator from Oregon, and it is certainly something that merits serious consideration today. Yet at some point that idea mutated to something much more than adding service workers to the existing trade adjustment assistance plus the health benefits expansion we adopted 2 years ago.  The original Baucus bill, S. 2157, was 10 pages long. In short, by just the number of pages, it was a limited approach but good in substance. This amendment, which purports to do the same thing as the Baucus bill, is, in fact, 57 pages long. Clearly it does not require 57 pages of legislation to extend trade adjustment assistance to service workers. So what happened? How did 10 pages grow to 57 pages? The answer is quite simple. In the guise of extending trade adjustment assistance to service workers, the amendment makes numerous and fundamental changes to the current Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. These changes go so far that I feel the very fabric of trade adjustment assistance for workers is at risk.  I will put the changes in context. Just 2 years ago Senator Baucus and I worked together in a bipartisan way to expand and reform trade adjustment assistance. We accomplished this through the Trade Act of 2002. In doing so, we nearly doubled the program and took the unprecedented step of extending trade adjustment assistance to a whole new class of workers called secondary workers. Secondary workers are those whose job loss might not be directly related to imports, so it was a major expansion.  We also made a number of other changes to the program, including consolidating trade adjustment assistance programs, increasing the funding cap for training, increasing the job search allowance, establishing a new unprecedented wage insurance program for older workers, and establishing a new Federal health subsidy, a health tax credit to help dislocated workers and pension recipients get health coverage.  Now, with these new programs barely up and running, some of them just 9 months, supporters of this amendment want to stretch trade adjustment assistance even further, expanding the program to a whole new loosely defined class of service workers and changing the tax credit in various ways. I am afraid that trade adjustment assistance for workers is being stretched to the breaking point.  The definitions being proposed could provide 2 years of income support, health and training benefits to service professionals, including attorneys, accountants, engineers, as well as business consultants and advertising agents.  Allowing upper-class highly skilled professionals access to trade adjustment assistance does not make sense. In fact, this could actually hurt the program by seriously slowing the provisions of assisting services and benefits for lower skilled manufacturing workers who truly need skills training under trade adjustment assistance.  Can you visualize a lawyer or an accountant with their job loss associated to trade adjustment assistance going back and learning some new skill after they have been through law school? I don't think so.  But perhaps what is even more troubling is the number of fundamental and permanent changes that are being made to trade adjustment assistance in the guise of extending the program to service workers.  I would like to give you some examples. The amendment expands the definition of downstream products to include testing as well as finishing operations. The amendment creates a special eligibility rule for producers of taconite pellets. It includes a special retroactive rule for producers of taconite pellets to November 4, 2002. It doubles the authorization for training benefits to $440 million annually. It lowers the age for workers eligible to participate in the Wage Insurance Program, basically a wage subsidy for older workers, from 50 years and older, to 40 years and older.  Let's look at that. Originally, we wanted to help people who were maybe too old to get some job retraining to move into another industry. Generally, that is 50 years and up. But are you going to offer this wage insurance to people who are 40 years old and have 25 more years to work where the benefit of job retraining is a worthwhile investment? This amendment does that.  It establishes a whole new trade adjustment assistance program for communities. It completely reorganizes the trade adjustment assistance for firms by establishing an Office of Trade Adjustment Assistance within the Department of Commerce. It adds a new classof firms--service firms--eligible for benefits under the program. It further relaxes current eligibility criteria for manufacturing workers deemed eligible for trade adjustment assistance. It requires the Secretary of Labor to establish a new performance measuring system as well as a number of other new data collection projects.  The program may be pushed to the breaking point.  That is the third time I have said it.  We have a program that was expanded 2 years ago getting underway 9 months ago. Here we are doing all these things I just mentioned, and doing it on a bill that is meant to create jobs in industry. We are holding up a bill that should have been passed 3 months ago to get jobs in manufacturing.  If this weren't enough, the amendment would change the health tax credit.  Again, because that program is young, the advanceable credit has only been running for 9 months. We do not know what issues may need to be addressed or the best ways to address them.  When is it going to reach the point around here when we pass a law in one Congress, it is in operation one day, and we start changing it? When is enough enough? Or when, at least, is enough enough for a while?  Yet here we have an amendment that claims to have some sort of definitive solutions.  Changing the rules in a piecemeal fashion, especially now in the early stages, will be unsettling for those at the Federal and State levels who, along with private insurers, are working diligently to get their tax credit off the ground.  By accepting this amendment, we would be sending them a loud and clear message: Thanks for all your hard work, but we are going to change the ground rules. By the way, do not be surprised if we come back tomorrow and tell you later that because we have better, more complete information, these changes being made and suggested today aren't somehow the right changes. So we are going to give you more.  That information will be coming in the very near term.  The General Accounting Office will issue a report in early fall on the health tax credit. I plan to hold a hearing in the Finance Committee to discuss the General Accounting Office's findings and recommendations. Treasury also has survey work underway. It will be important for us to judge the progress of this new program that was adopted just 2 years ago and which has been in effect for 9 months.  These reports--when we get them--will better inform efforts to improve the health tax credit at the right time with some information that is worthwhile so we can make a judgment that we will use the taxpayers' money wisely.  Now is not the time. This amendment will destabilize the Trade Act tax credit and undermine the availability of affordable coverage choices for people eligible for that credit--the exact opposite outcome that anyone would want.  A number of Blue Cross-Blue Shield association members cover those who receive the credit. They wrote:       This represents a major and problematic change in a program      that has been operational for less than one year.  They go on to say:       Many Blue Plans would be forced to reconsider offering      their products if this amendment passed placing at risk the      coverage of many TAA eligibles.  Some would say that is a threat coming from somebody who is just looking out for Members in this body who oppose your amendment. But you ought to give some consideration, it seems to me, to people who are offering a service. When we passed this bill 2 years ago, we didn't know we would be prepared to do it, but people have stepped up to the plate.  Let us be clear about what is at stake. If we weaken the effectiveness of the Trade Adjustment Program for manufacturing workers, public support for that program will be lost and truly trade-impacted workers may be hurt.  If we expand the Trade Adjustment Program and change the health tax credit in a less than a thoughtful and deliberate manner, we could jeopardize programs for current beneficiaries.  We should make sure proposals to further expand trade adjustment assistance and to change the health tax credit are done in a fiscally prudent way and that any changes made will work in practice. In other words, approach this the same way that Senator Baucus and I did 2 years ago when we got into the program.  What we have in this amendment is a bunch of ideas with no coherent direction except being bigger and bigger, more and more, and higher and higher.  Such an approach surely is good politics, but it certainly can result in bad policy. I figure that good policy is the best politics. I am afraid that is what we have in this amendment--bad policy.  The price tag for all of these special rules, retroactively, and new benefits, comes to about a $5.3 billion price tag. Where I come from that is a lot of money. I think we have an obligation to make sure it is spent wisely.  While well-intentioned, this amendment goes too far. It could weaken the current program, and it could put the recently enacted health tax credit at risk.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  I yield the floor.  