  This bill, H.R. 3108, is entitled the Pension Funding Equity Act. It provides a temporary 2-year fix to the interest rate companies are required touse in their pension calculations. Without this legislation, companies will be required to make pension contributions based on the 30-year Treasury bond interest rate, even though the Government stopped issuing 30-year bonds way back in the year 2001.  Clearly, this is a rule, under the 30-year bond rule, that does not make sense anymore, so we have to change the pension laws to conform. This legislation will fix that by adopting a conservative, long-term corporate bond rate for the next 2 years.  While the bond rate of corporations is in place for the next 2 years, Congress will have a chance to find a permanent replacement. That is what we are about doing already. For instance, that is one of the major issues before the Senate Finance Committee.  This bill also includes provisions to provide some temporary help to the pension plans that need it most. Airlines and steel companies that have been hit very hard by tough economic times are given a little more time to get their plans' funding levels up to where they need to be. Of course, even multiemployer pension plans that were hit hardest by the bear market are given more time to make up their losses.  This bill is truly a must-pass bill. Without it, pension coverage for millions of workers across the country will be in jeopardy. Without it, tens of billions of dollars that could be used to create jobs and grow businesses will unnecessarily be drained from our economy. Without it, some companies could be forced into bankruptcy. In my own State of Iowa, I know there are a lot of companies working hard to compete in today's challenging economic environment. These companies want to provide pension plans for their employees, but they also need to know what the rules are for contributing to those plans. They want those rules in the process to make sense.  Without this legislation, some companies could see their pension contributions increase three or four times in 1 year; in some cases, even more. That is a very difficult burden for any company to bear. For a smaller or medium-size company, that kind of burden is probably too much.  This bill then gives our pension system a rule so pension contributions will be calculated based on a rational interest rate rather than one that is obsolete and artificially low.  I know this bill does not do everything everyone wanted. This is true. But the provisions in this bill have broad bipartisan support. And, of course, as I constantly remind my colleagues, nothing of substance gets done in this body if it is not done in a bipartisan way, unlike the House of Representatives where partisanship can prevail from time to time and does most of the time.  This legislation before us is simply too important not to be enacted now. Companies must pay their next pension payment on April 15, just around the corner. Failure to pass this bill would have devastating consequences for workers and the economy. This is a temporary bill, but we need to be working on permanent reforms. The Senate Finance Committee is about doing that.  