 President, I am going to oppose this amendment because this amendment is not about paying for tax cuts; it is about avoiding a tax increase. Although I understand the desire to impose pay-go, it should not apply to current law, and that is a very important distinction.  Under current law, we have a number of tax provisions, including the expanded 10-percent tax bracket, the $1,000-per-child tax credit, and marriage penalty relief that will expire at the end of this year. If we do not extend these provisions, taxes will go up, and taxes will go up automatically.  As I have said before in several other points I have been making on other amendments, it is one thing for Congress to have guts enough to vote a tax increase, but it is quite another to let taxes go up automatically without a vote of the people. I think that is wrong.  In order to extend the existing tax law, we need to pass legislation yet this year if we are going to have a seamless continuation of present tax law into the year 2005 and beyond. That is what this amendment is all about. We are going to either extend current law or we are going to let taxes go up.  Requiring the Senate to pay for this tax relief we already have in the law, that would not be in the law if we do not take some action this year, could lead to disastrous results. We are talking about disastrous results for families, such as if one is married and they get hit with the marriage penalty, that is a major concern to those families who have to pay more. If they have children and they benefit from the $1,000 child credit and that credit goes down, that is going to hit those families to a greater extent.  All families, low income or otherwise, but particularly this 10-percent bracket was put in the law to help low-income Americans pay less taxes. So it is a disastrous result on families, and we should not have to go to the extra extreme of maintaining existing law. If for some reason we could not agree on the necessary offsets that would be required under Senator Feingold's amendment, or if we could not get 60 votes, then current law would expire and taxes would automatically go up, without even any consideration by any of us. There would be 535 people just standing by and letting taxes go up.  Some people may be willing to take that risk, but I do not believe that is the right approach. Consequently, we need to reject this amendment. We need to support working families of America by extending the tax reductions that have already been provided for under current law. We need that to be seamless. We do not want to take any chance somehow somebody is going to say next October, just before we adjourn for the election, well, we will worry about this next year. That is a bad situation to leave the families of America. They ought to know what tax policy is for the long haul.  Certainty of tax policy is the best tax policy. Even if it might not be exactly the right tax policy, certainty of tax policy is better than the uncertain situation we have facing American working men and women today.  I yield the floor.  