 President, I am happy to bring to my colleagues the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act. This is a bill that Congress must pass to actually implement what has been negotiated as the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement. This is under the process that we call trade promotion authority. This is a process by which Congress, which has the constitutional power to regulate interstate and foreign commerce, has delegated negotiating authority to the President to negotiate certain trade agreements. But because we have that constitutional authority, we cannot give to the President of the United States the authority to change U.S. law as it might be negotiated.  So we are now dealing with legislation that changes U.S. law and makes the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement not a treaty approved just by the Senate of the United States, as we know treaties are, by two-thirds vote, but this is basic law. It has passed the House of Representatives by a majority vote, hopefully it will pass the Senate by a majority vote, and it is to be signed by the President.  We are dealing with the constitutional authority of the Congress to regulate foreign and interstate commerce, but understanding that it is not reasonable to expect 535 Members of Congress to deal with foreign countries, we have asked the President to do that for us but under guidelines that we have set down and with Congress having the final authority. We are in the process of exercising that final authority.  As is true of almost any agreement, this one might not be perfect. However, I believe it will provide significant benefits to the United States, our economy, and particularly to the economy and the people of my home State of Iowa.  During committee consideration of the agreement, we heard from a number of different sectors of the economy which stand to benefit from the agreement. At the top of the list is the U.S. manufacturing sector and all the jobs that exist in that sector that will be stabilized and enhanced as a result of American manufacturing selling a lot more to Australia because certain duties that now are on those products will be gone.  Under the agreement, more than 99 percent of U.S. manufacturing exports to Australia will become duty free immediately after this agreement is signed by the President. This is the most significant reduction of manufacturing tariffs ever achieved in any U.S. free-trade agreement.  This is very good news for manufacturers such as the Al-jon company of Ottumwa, IA, employing 100 people. Today, about 10 to 15 percent of Al-jon's production is exported. They are confident that with a level playing field they can do even better. This bill helps level that field.  During testimony before my committee, John Kneen, chairman of the board of Al-jon, testified that while they have had some success selling in Australia, their exports are currently limited by two factors: First, Australia currently imposes a 5-percent tariff on their exports. And, second, the cost of shipping heavy equipment to Australia is very high. While we cannot do much about the cost of shipping, we surely can eliminate the 5-percent barrier with the enactment of this trade agreement.  It is not just the company of Al-jon that will benefit. Mr. Kneen testified that over 19,000 U.S. companies that currently export to Australia are likely to benefit from what he termed the ``instant competitive advantage'' provided by the elimination of these tariff barriers on U.S. manufacturing exports.  These companies include other Iowa manufacturers such as John Deere, which has four manufacturing plants in my State. John Deere anticipates increased exports to Australia on account of this free-trade agreement.  The U.S. agricultural sector stands to benefit from the agreement as well, as duties on all U.S. farm exports will be eliminated, reducing tariffs on U.S. agricultural exports by over $700 million. Processed food, soybeans, oilseed products, fresh and processed fruits and vegetables, all will benefit from these duty reductions. For U.S. farmers and our ranchers who compete with Australian agriculture, special safeguards and tariff rate quotas are included as part of the agreement to make sure that trade is not only free but fair.  The free-trade agreement negotiating process also opened the door to eliminate scientifically unfounded barriers to the importation of U.S. pork and U.S. pork for processing. These are all major Iowa products because we are No. 1 of the 50 States in the production of pork. While Australia made its scientific determination regarding pork outside of the free-trade agreement negotiations, the intensive consultation process that naturally flows from engaging in bilateral trade negotiations helped in the resolution of that very important matter. Dermot Hayes, an economist at Iowa State University, estimates that the elimination of these unfounded barriers could increase U.S. exports of pork to Australia by over $50 million annually.  The United States-Australia Committee on Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures, and the Standing Technical Working Group on Animal and Plant Health Measures, which are established under the FTA, will help to ensure that all Australian standards on United States agricultural imports are based on sound science and are not used as a basis for protectionism.  Iowa's service providers will also benefit from new market-access openings in Australia for our service exports. These commitments, along with new, transparent trading rules, should provide a lot of important new market opportunities for Iowa's service exports.  And, for the first time, this agreement opens much of Australia's lucrative government procurement market to United States exporters. The government procurement provisions are especially important, as Australia is one of only a few developed countries that are not members of the World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement.  In sum, the United States will benefit from the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement. I urge my colleagues to vote for S. 2610, the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.  (At the request of Mr. Daschle, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 