 President, these Senators speaking remind me that ``made in America'' has always been a badge of honor, a badge of distinction--``made in America.'' It shows that America can compete. America has competed and America has won over the long, long haul.  We have been hearing from the defeatist wing of the Democratic Party, not from the wing of the Democratic Party that says the United States can compete and win and can even do it from a position of leadership. I am not prepared to be a defeatist in international trade. I intend to wear that badge ``made in America'' with honor, as it has been for decades and decades.  I think we need to remind the Senate now, after 24 hours on this legislation, what we are facing. It looks as if we have from here until hell freezes over to get this legislation passed. Already we are in a situation where the United States is suffering as a result of inaction by Congress. People need to remember that Senator Baucus and I worked very carefully to put together a bill that would go through this body very easily, and now we are seeing it stalled with things that may be legitimate issues. But while people are complaining about jobs going overseas, this bill that was voted out of committee 19 to 2 is being stalled.  In the process of stalling, U.S. manufacturing is already facing a 5-percent surcharge by Europe, to the point where it is not a case of just paying 5 percent more.  It is probably the case with a lot of our products that our products might not even be competitive and we are not selling. When you can't sell, people are laid off. So I think instead of worrying about situations that you want to help for the future, we have an opportunity to keep jobs that we know exist today, will continue to exist, and are only in jeopardy because of sanctions being put on our products by Europe.  We might be facing an amendment on overtime coming up shortly. It is one thing to worry about people getting overtime, but if you don't have a job, you can't even get overtime. So we have to get back to the basics. The basics are what this legislation is all about--maintaining the competitiveness of our industry, not going backwards.  While this bill is being stalled by other issues that are very legitimate--and I have talked to the Senator from Connecticut about the legitimacy of his issue and also about some modifications he made to get this through--it is holding up a bill that came out of committee 19 to 2. Those two votes were not cast by Democrats against the bill. They were cast by Republicans.  This bill should go forward to get rid of that 5-percent surcharge that we have on our products. In April it is going to be 6 percent, and in May it is going to be 7 percent. By the election it is going to be 12 percent. That is the basic issue before us.  I also wish to address some of the things that Senator Kennedy said. I don't want to address them from my point of view. I wish to address them from the point of view of the intellectual wing of the Democratic Party. We heard from the political wing of the Democratic Party by Senator Kennedy. So I would like to refer to an article written by Robert B. Reich, Secretary of Labor in the Clinton administration, a Secretary of Labor concerned about the rights of labor, concerned about jobs. He also is an adviser to the Democratic candidate for President. He ought to be listened to. This is what former Secretary Reich had to say in an article, printed December 26:       It's hard to listen to a politician or pundit these days      without hearing that America is ``losing jobs'' to poorer      nations--manufacturing jobs to China, back-office work to      India, just about every job to Latin America. This lament      distracts our attention from the larger challenge of      preparing more Americans for better jobs.  It seems to me that what Secretary Reich is saying to the political wing of the Democratic Party from the intellectual wing of the Democratic Party is we ought to be looking to the future, there are big challenges out there, and you should not spend all of your time haranguing about stuff that maybe you can't do a whole lot about.  ``Most jobs losses over the last 3 years,'' Professor Reich says, ``haven't been due to American jobs moving anywhere.''  I will start that over again:       Most jobs losses over the last 3 years haven't been due to      American jobs moving anywhere. They have resulted from an      unusually long job recession. Hopefully, that is coming to an      end.  It is, and that is my parenthetical comment.       We can debate whether the Bush administration has done a      good job, or the right things to accelerate a job recovery,      but job growth eventually will resume--  Parenthetically, we know it is resuming--     as aggregate demand bounces back.  Continuing to quote:       It is true that U.S. manufacturing employment has been      dropping for many years, but that's not primarily due to      foreigners taking these jobs.  Let me stop there. Senator Kennedy, do you realize the intellectual wing of your party says manufacturing employment dropping hasn't been primarily due to foreigners taking these jobs? Then I quote:       Factory jobs are vanishing all over the world. Economists      at Alliance Capital Management took a look at employment      trends in 20 large economies and found that between 1995 and      2002, 22 million factory jobs had disappeared. The United      States wasn't even the biggest loser. We lost about 11      percent of our manufacturing jobs in that period--  Wasn't most of that 5 years during the Clinton administration?       [B]ut the Japanese lost 16 percent of theirs. Even      developing nations lost factory jobs: Brazil suffered a 20      percent decline, China a 15 percent drop. What happened to      factory jobs? In two words, higher productivity.  Parenthetically, that is exactly what we have seen in the U.S.--higher productivity over the last year and a half. Last month was the highest productivity in 50 years. You have to go back to July 1950 to have the productivity gains that we have had.  Professor Reich goes on to say:       I recently toured a U.S. factory containing two employees      and 400 computerized robots. The two live people sat in front      of computer screens and instructed the robots. In a few      years, this factory won't have a single employee on site,      except for an occasional visiting technician who repairs and      upgrades the robots, like the gas man changing your meter.  I suppose I could quote the whole long article, but there is one other thing I ought to say. The intellectual wing of the Democratic Party is advising everybody, but it is good advice for the political wing of the Democratic Party as well:       We should stop pining after the days when millions of      Americans stood along assembly lines and continuously bolted,      fit, soldered, or clamped whatever went by. Those days are      over. And stop blaming poor nations whose workers get very      low wages.  Professor Reich asks the question: ``Want to blame something?''  If the political wing of the Democratic Party wants to blame something for loss of these assembly line jobs, he says: ``Blame new knowledge.''  Well, isn't that something we expect in the evolving world--new knowledge and making use of new knowledge?  He says here:       The Internet has taken over the routine tasks of travel      agents, real estate brokers, stockbrokers, and accountants.      With digitization, high-speed data networks and improved      global band width, a lot of back-office work can now be done      more cheaply abroad. Last year, companies headquartered in      the U.S. paid workers in India, China and the Philippines      almost $10 billion to handle customer service and paperwork.  Well, this article is probably summed up in a subheadline in the middle of the article, which says: ``Remember the elevator operator? Jobs become extinct.''  Isn't that true? But in the Senate we still have elevator operators running automatic elevators, pushing buttons that somehow a Senator doesn't have time to push or something.  What does the political wing of the Democratic Party want? Do they still want people making buggy whips when we don't have buggies anymore? Times change, but the defeatist wing of the Democratic Party has lost confidence in America. They don't think ``made in America'' is a badge of distinction anymore.  There is one other reference I would like to make. When this issue was talked about on ABC News on February 22, we had these exchanges between George Stephanopolous, Senator John Edwards, and Senator John Kerry. I don't hear this complaining that I hear from the political wing of the Democratic Party from these three Democrats. I don't hear their suggestions for solving this problem having anything to do with the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut. So I am going to quote George Stephanopolous, as he has a short interview with these two candidates:       Another big jobs issue has come up in the last couple of      weeks, the issue of outsourcing.  The very issue of this amendment.       The chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers for      President Bush got into a lot of trouble when he said that      outsourcing is a plus for the American economy.  We have been over that 100 times.       But when you look at this issue--  He is asking Senator Edwards--     what can you do about it?  Senator Edwards:       This is a very complicated issue.  OK, can we agree that it is a very complicated issue? If it is a complicated issue, I doubt if just President Bush is responsible for it or just President Bush is going to do anything about it. Anyway, he says:       This is a very complicated issue. It has caused a whole      group of things. One is--the thing that actually concerns me      the most is that I worry that we are starting to lose our      edge in science, math, and technology. China graduated about      half a million engineers last year. We graduated 60,000 to      65,000. And since we are going to have the standard of living      we have in this country, in fact we want to improve it, not      make it worse. We always--it is going to be critical for the      American worker to be more productive than other workers      around the world.  Then he goes on, after a short comment by George Stephanopolous, to say:       We--training, education. We need better and stronger      science and math curriculums, particularly in our early      grades. We need to strengthen our graduate programs in this      area. The other thing that we can--where we can have a real      image is we ought to build broadband high-speed Internet out      in every community in the next four years, because there are      lots of parts of America where it is easier for these      companies to do business in India and China because they have      access, and they don't have that access in rural communities      in a lot of America.  Every one of us ought to be able to buy into that, but it seems that Senator Edwards is speaking for the intellectual wing of the Democratic Party, looking to the long view, education and training, not some short solution that probably won't work and might even do more harm than good.  And then George Stephanopolous asks this question to John Kerry:       Senator Edwards says the most important thing to do is to      improve math and science education. Do you agree with that?  Senator Kerry:       It's one of the most important things to do. If you don't      give the American worker a fair playing field to compete on,      we're going to continue to be disadvantaged. I'll give you an      example. China manipulates the currency. China does not      enforce intellectual property laws. China and other countries      have not allowed us to have fair access to the marketplace.  Skipping down:       Education, I mean that's not new. Education was the      centerpiece of Bill Clinton's Presidency. It's the      centerpiece of my proposals. There are a whole series of      things that we can do.  Here again the person who is following the advice of Robert Reich representing the intellectual wing of the Democratic Party is looking ahead. I do not see these people offering any of the political sound-bite type solutions that have to be used if we are going to solve this problem, which I would put in the category of the political wing of the Democratic Party that we have heard from this morning.  I yield the floor.  