 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  When the author of this amendment finished, he spoke about my being inconsistent; that I want to close tax loopholes. He says that takes money out of the economy, so it is inconsistent when I say that it is wrong for him to take money out of the economy.  I think the thing for him to remember about closing these tax loopholes, we are taking in money from dishonest taxpayers, whereas he is taking money away from honest taxpayers by raising the marginal tax rate. He would say I am inconsistent in complaining about his taking money out of the economy and running it through Government, whereas I am taking money out of the economy by closing the tax loopholes of dishonest taxpayers.  When I close those loopholes, have dishonest taxpayers pay taxes they ought to be paying anyway--except for the fact that they buy tax shelters put together by big corporate lawyers, big accounting firms, and big investment bankers--I am getting money from dishonest taxpayers. But in the bill that I referred to, the JOBS bill, we reduce taxes in America so that companies that do manufacture in the United States will pay less corporate tax as an incentive to create jobs in America.  We are taking money from dishonest taxpayers, but we are putting it right back into the economy in the private sector by reduced taxes for people who do manufacturing in America to create jobs. So I think I am totally consistent. I think having dishonest taxpayers pay what they would otherwise pay if they hadn't been buying these tax shelters is the right policy.  I think the Biden amendment reducing marginal tax rates and hurting small business is the wrong policy. It is the right policy to have dishonest taxpayers who use tax shelters pay their taxes, and I think it is all right to give tax relief to companies that manufacture in America--not those that manufacture overseas but create jobs in America. That bill passed 92 to 5, and I presume with the support of the Senator from Delaware.  I believe we are doing the right thing. I believe he is doing the wrong thing. I believe we encourage job creation and entrepreneurship, particularly among small business. I believe his amendment will actually discourage it.  I believe his amendment is the first step towards what Senator Kerry is campaigning for in his campaign for the Presidency--that, if he is elected, he made it very clear he is going to raise the top marginal tax rate not just to 36 percent as the Senator from Delaware would, but raise it to 39.6 percent.  Do you think that is the end? There is not enough money there to do all the things Senator Kerry is campaigning on. Pretty soon it is not just 39.6. Pretty soon it is taking away deductions so that the top marginal tax rate might say 39.6, but it is effectively 42, or, in the case of subchapter S, 45 as it used to be. Pretty soon there is not enough money there. Pretty soon you are taxing middle-income people to a greater extent. Who knows where that all ends?  I think sometime there has to be a decision made that the Government will only take so much out of the economy; that 535 Members of Congress will only spend so much money. That amount of money is not satisfactory to people on the other side of the aisle, but I decided that where it has been for 50 years--17 to 19 percent of GNP--is where it ought to be, and the tax reductions we passed in 2001 and in 2003 to stimulate the economy, to get us out of the recession, out of the joblessness that came as a result of the September 11 attack on America by terrorism, and to revive the economy, is about right. These tax bills were at their highest level since World War II. We ought to bring it back to where it was for 50 years--17 to 19 percent--for two reasons.  No. 1: The economy has grown at that level of taxation very well over that 50 years. It hasn't done any harm to the economy.  No. 2: It is a level of taxation that is accepted by the people of this country.  There is a basic philosophical difference between that side of the aisle and this side of the aisle. They believe we should bring the money into Washington and let 535 Members of Congress decide how to divide up the goods and services of this country. There is a philosophy we have on this side of the aisle that it is better to leave the money in the pockets of the taxpayers because having 130 million people decide how the goods and services of this country ought to be expended or invested results in a more dynamic economy than if 535 Members elected to the Congress of the United States make that decision for 270 million Americans.  When we enacted the individual tax cuts in 2001, the Treasury Department estimated that roughly three out of four taxpayers affected by the 35 percent bracket filed returns with small business activity involving a sole proprietorship, S-corporation, partnership, or a farm.  Advocates of tax increases now claim that only 2 percent of small businesses are impacted by the top rates.  I would like to address their criticism that a very small percentage of all small businesses are affected by the top brackets.  This statistic merely states the obvious. Only about 2 percent of all taxpayers have incomes above $200,000 per year, so it is not surprising that the distribution of small business owners follows roughly the same pattern.  Let's consider the impact of this tax increase on small business.  A soon-to-be-released study by the Tax Foundation concludes that most high-income taxpayers are active business owners rather than ``passive'' investors.  The Tax Foundation study combines IRS data with demographic Census data, and finds that high-income taxpayers are mostly in ``active'' business occupations--such as construction, manufacturing, and retail trade--rather than in passive occupations such as banking, finance, and securities.  What is significant about the Tax Foundation report is that, overall, about 74 percent of those hit by the highest marginal rate have active business activity.  This business activity comes in three basic forms: Schedule C, for sole proprietorships; Schedule E, for S-corporations, royalties, and partnerships; and Schedule F, farm income. The most common of these are Schedule E.  Of those taxpayers hit by the 35 percent rate, nearly two-thirds--62.7 percent--have Schedule E income from an S-corporation, royalty, or partnership.  It is likely that most of these taxpayers are shareholders in S-corporations.  The Tax Foundation data shows that these high-income taxpayers receive about 37 percent of their overall income from salaries and wages which, when combined with their Schedule C, E, and F income, would bring their total amount of business income to 65 percent of their total adjusted gross income.  This figure does not include other ways in which a business owner may take profits out of the firm.  For example, an entrepreneur who capitalized his business with a loan, may receive regular interest in return.  Taxable interest and dividends account for roughly 9 percent of the overall income for high-income taxpayers.  While most of this interest and dividend income is likely from traditional investments, a portion could be ``business income'' taken as interest or dividends from their small business.  The Tax Foundation was able to isolate the occupations and industries that these high-income individuals are engaged in. They did this by combining IRS data with demographic Census data.  They found that high-income taxpayers are engaged in a wide variety of active business industries and occupations throughout the economy.  The largest single category of 31.5 percent is ``executive, administration & managerial''--the most likely category that the president or CEO of a firm would choose.  By contrast, physicians, lawyers, and judges comprise just 11.4 percent of these individuals.  Another analysis shows that high-income taxpayers are engaged across all industries.  The one category in which passive investors would most likely be found is within the ``securities, brokerage, and investment companies.'' But only about 4 percent of high-income taxpayers are found in this industry.  By contrast, 4.9 percent of these taxpayers are found in the construction industry, 8.1 percent are in manufacture durable goods, 5 percent are in retail trades, and 6 percent are in business services such as computers and data processing.  High-income taxpayers engaged in legal services comprise just 3.2 percent of these high-income taxpayers.  The data clearly shows that a very large proportion of high-income taxpayers are engaged in some form of active business operation--not clipping coupons and resting back in their rocking chairs smoking their cigars, the image of a lot of rich people.  The only conclusion from these findings is that raising taxes on these high-income taxpayers would ripple through every industry, not just passive investors.  And as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce says in their letter, it will kill job growth in small businesses.  The 1997 economic census--the most recent available--shows that S-corps, proprietorships, and partnerships employed over 30 million people that year.  It seems unlikely that 30 million jobs cold be created by ``shell'' companies owned by passive investors.  The stakes of this debate are high because there has been an explosion of individual-owned businesses over the past two decades.  Between 1980 and 2000, for example, the total number of sole proprietorships, partnerships, and S-corporations more than doubled, from 10.8 million in 1980 to 22.8 million in 2000.  S-corps alone grew 424 percent, from 545,389 in 1980, to 2.86 million in 2000, and now far exceed the number of conventional C-corporations.  This year, the IRS estimates that nearly 58 percent of all corporate tax returns will be S corporation returns. If you are prepared to vote for a tax increase on small business job growth, then Members should vote for the amendment before the Senate by the Senator from Delaware. If Members care about sustaining the job growth that we have experienced over the past several months, I urge Members not to vote against that growth by increasing taxes on the important small business sector.  There is also another problem with the bill. Senator Biden would have Members believe the world is filled with wealthy, passive investors. The truth is, however, that people continually move in and out of high tax rate categories, most likely because they have sold a business or a major asset.  The IRS recently released a study of 400 of the highest individual income tax returns for the years 1990 through 2000. That study shows less than 25 percent of those returns appeared in the top 400 more than once and less than 13 percent appeared more than twice, which shows high-income people are not high income through their livee.  I could add that low-income people are not always low income throughout their lives because we have a dynamic society, a dynamic economy. Some people improve their lot and some people do not improve their lot. Some people end up in a lower level.  What does this mean? The top taxpayers are not a fixed group of people. People move in and out of this group according to economic fluctuations or maybe because of major events. So we are probably looking at a large number of business owners who are selling their businesses or selling their farm. If members think they are voting for a tax increase on a class of idle rich, think again. These are not coupon-clipping people who get their money, smoke their cigars, and lean back in their rocking chairs. These are people that create jobs, probably never retire, keeping that small business going by reinvesting their earnings.  If Members vote for this amendment, I am not sure they will know whose taxes they are increasing.  How much time remains on this side?  