 President, today, I come to the floor to talk about a bill of great significance to me. The Family Opportunity Act is a bill that I first introduced with Senator Kennedy in the 106th Congress.  This bill promotes family, work, and opportunity. Every day, across the country, thousands of families struggle to obtain affordable and appropriate health care coverage for children with special health care needs, including children with conditions such as autism, mental retardation, cerebral palsy, developmental delays, or mental illness. Over the course of the last three Congresses, this bill has enjoyed strong bipartisan support.  Low and middle income parents who have employer sponsored family health care coverage and children with disabilities often find that their private insurance does not adequately cover the array of services that are critical to their child's well-being, such as mental health services, personal care services, durable medical equipment, special nutritional supplements, and respite care. Because Medicaid, our Nation's health care program for low-income individuals, offers the type of comprehensive care that best meets the needs of children with disabilities, it can become a lifeline on which many parents depend. Yet, Medicaid is a safety net program and one must be impoverished in order to be eligible. This presents a terrible choice for many low and middle income families who have achild with special health care needs: they must choose between work or impoverishment. Or, in the worst cases, parents consider the devastating choice of relinquishing custody for an out-of-home placement so their child can obtain services they so desperately need.   The Family Opportunity Act helps families to address the needs of children with disabilities. Some Members of the Senate have voiced concerns over the years about the cost of this bill and the expansion of the Medicaid program. Senator Nickles and I have had many long discussions about the goals of this legislation. I greatly respect his position and I appreciate the thoughtful and productive debate that I have been able to have with him. This bill would never have gotten to this point without his help and I whole-heartedly thank him for his willingness to work through his concerns with me. The Family Opportunity Act will cover families up to 250 percent of the Federal poverty level. This is less than coverage up to 600 percent of the Federal poverty level in my original bill. Senator Nickles and I have worked over the years to reach this compromise.   At Senator Nickles request, language has been added to this bill that clearly conveys the intention of Senator Kennedy and me that States who choose the FOA optional eligibility category will receive Medicaid match and not S-CHIP match for children covered under the Family Opportunity Act. The legislation before us allows States the option of having families eligible for FOA pay up to 7.5 percent of their income for their premium. These family contributions are affordable and help to insure that children with disabilities have the access that they need.   Senator Nickles expressed to me another concern. While States will have the option to cover families above 250 percent of the Federal poverty level with 100 percent State dollars, States need to decide how they want to spend their dollars. They should also be aware that it is not the role of the Federal Government to help them when times are financially tough. Last May, the Congress provided States with $20 billion in State fiscal relief. Ten billion went directly to Medicaid to address the rising costs in Medicaid. Over 60 percent of the spending in Medicaid is for optional services. The Family Opportunity Act is an optional service, and as much as I want States to take up this Medicaid option for children with disabilities, I want to let States know that they need to be responsible when expanding their Medicaid programs in good and bad budget times.   Senator Nickles and I have reached a good and fair compromise and I thank him for traveling this long road with me. As he can tell you, the Family Opportunity Act is one of my highest priorities. Over the past 4 years, I have worked closely with Senator Kennedy and Representative Pete Sessions to advance this important legislation on behalf of thousands of families who need our help. I thank them both for their efforts along with the thousands of children and families who have been tireless advocates for this legislation.  