Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I share his regret and appreciate the gentleman's remarks. I appreciate him giving me the minute left.  For 1 minute, let me say that the issue of Federal pensions is a serious issue, and it ought to be dealt with seriously.  In point of fact, we are at a time now where the majority party is proposing a major revision in the Federal employees' pension program with less than 2 days of hearings, a markup that was scheduled on the 3d or 4th or 5th day after the 2d day of hearings. That markup was adjourned without resolution and without any motions with reference to the proposal and has now gone directly to the Rules Committee in the Republican's tax package for the purposes of paying, as said by the chairman of the Committee on the Budget, Mr. Kasich, $11 billion of the bill to cut taxes on wealthier Americans.  Now, the fact of the matter is what it does is it increases the taxes on average Americans who are Federal employees by approximately 10 percent. That is not fair.  Furthermore, it is my understanding the gentleman from Florida, the chairman of the committee, who is my friend and who has talked to me about this, wants to consider this matter in a responsible fashion.  I take him at his word. We ought to not have this in the tax package. We ought to take it out of the tax package. It is not necessary to fund the tax bill, and we ought to have hearings on it. We ought to come to grips with the facts on it. We ought to see who is correct, and then we ought to dispose of this issue.  I am not afraid, as an advocate of Federal employees, to look at the facts, to analyze the facts, and to argue what we ought to do to be fiscally responsible. But what I am an opponent of is rushing this to judgment which I think is very unfair, unwise, bad policy, and certainly is going to undermine the morale and the promise that we have to our Federal employees.  I understand the gentleman from Florida said that he did not want to undermine those who had given service to their Government. These folks have. To act in this precipitous fashion, in my opinion, respectfully to the gentleman from Florida, does in fact undermine our relationship to our employees. I would hope that we do not take this action.  I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding the time.  