Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, the American public quite obviously wants us to be serious. I have 56,000 people who work for our Federal Government. They rely on each one of us to do our job seriously so that they can support their families and do their job on a day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month, year-to-year basis. I believe the overwhelming majority of those people give outstanding service to the American public.  I suggest to my colleagues, however, that they and America are distressed because rather than do our job totally seriously, we do what politicians like to do, send messages. Not necessarily do work, but send messages.  I listened to my friend, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Kasich], for whom I have great respect. He got up and said, let us send a message that we are for a balanced budget. I had voted for that amendment. I voted for the resolutions. I voted for the coalition budget. I believe not only in sending the message but in doing it.  My colleagues, we have here a bill. It is 16 pages in length. I suggest to my colleagues that the first 15 pages are, in fact, a relatively clean CR that would put those people who live in my district and in fact live in every district in America back to work tomorrow. The President would sign this 15 pages. That is the substantive part.  Unfortunately, for me and for others, there is a 16th page. It really does not mean anything. It has words on it. It had words about 7 years. It has words about CBO scoring. It has words about the most recent economic statistics. But you and I both know that this really does not mean anything, and we ought not to fool the American public.  We cannot, by this statute say, Mr. President, after you sign this bill tomorrow you cannot sign a bill which does something different. And we cannot say, by this bill, as all of my colleagues know, that tomorrow this Congress, after passing these 8 lines, cannot do something differently. Of course we can.  All of my colleagues know on this floor that we are about to get real. It is called substantive. Because we are going to bring to this floor a reconciliation bill. That is real. It will incorporate real policy alternatives and each of us will have to vote on those alternatives.  It is, therefore, a shame that with just 48 or 72 hours to go before we bring that bill to this floor that we have to continue to send messages, not to be real.  This is real. It says tomorrow we put the Government back to work, that contractors who are doing work for our Government and their employees will get paid.  But this is political message, political game playing. Is it not a shame?  