Speaker, America is experiencing a serious problem: Too many working and able-bodied parents are not taking responsibility for their children. The time has come to declare war on our current welfare system so that we can properly address the situation.  In every war, battles must be fought and won. One of the biggest battles we must fight is improving and reforming this Nation's child support enforcement problem.  The reasons for engaging in this battle are clear: 63 percent of the absent parents in this country do not pay child support. Approximately $35 billion is lost each year in uncollected child support payments. And in my own State of Maryland, absent parents defaulted on more than $325 million in court-ordered child support in 1993. Most importantly, we all must remember--the children suffer when child support is not paid.  As a nation and as a society we cannot afford a social safety net without expecting obligations and demanding responsibilities. For any type of welfare reform to be successful, individuals must accept the responsibility of working and providing for their families. In 1990, absent parents paid only $14 billion in child support. But if child support reflecting current ability to pay were established and enforced, single parents and their children would have received almost $48 billion. This translates into more money for food, shelter, clothing, and child care and a reduction in the Federal burden. We must send a clear signal that both parents who bring children into this world must take responsibility for supporting them.  That is why we need a tough, smart child support program which requires both mothers and fathers to live up to their responsibilities. We must target those individuals who believe they don't have to take care of their kids because their neighbors--hard-working, tax paying, responsible citizens--will. The buck must start and stop with the parents.  The children of this country need the billions in outstanding and uncollected child support. Payment of child support could save this country billions of dollars if we could move people off welfare and keep others from joining the rolls. The financial burden of supporting the children must once and for all shift from the government to the parents. If we can do this, we will be well on our way to winning our first battle in the war on welfare.  Any comprehensive welfare proposal must include child support enforcement. Yet, the Republican Contract With America does not. Are the Republicans saying to the nonpaying parents that they do not have to support their kids? If they are here to promote personal responsibility and do the people's business, this critical area should have been included in the Personal Responsibility Act.  At the urging of Democrats, I am pleased Chairman Shaw has agreed to include this child support enforcement within the Personal Responsibility Act.  