Obey] for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution points up the politics of what we are doing. This resolution points up that we are playing a political game and 800,000 people are not working because of that game.  Hopefully we will pass 2 bills that will put 200,000 of them back and send it down to the White House. We have been hearing on this floor that the only reason that a resolution should be passed and signed by the President is to make sure that we have a balanced budget. That is the critical issue, that is the critical issue of the day.  Guess what? This resolution is a clean resolution. Very easy to do. We ought to do it for all of Government.  The chairman says he wants to see Government, the whole Government, funded. That is what the chairman just said. I quoted it and wrote it down. I am glad to hear that and I think he does.  If you read these pages, there is not one word in here about a balanced budget. Why? Because this is not the bill on which we will establish the balanced budget, any more than a continuing appropriation for the entire Government will be. That will be on the reconciliation bill.  And guess what? That bill was pulled today. That bill was taken off the calendar today. It was supposed to be considered. That is the bill that establishes.  Not only that, we hear on the CR that we will go to December 3. But, guess what? For these objectives, which I will support and are very important for our veterans, those receiving Medicare and Social Security, they, my friends, will go to the end of the year. Is that not a nice political decision?  But very frankly private contractors who are working for Government and whose employees are out in the street are not going to get paid next week, or maybe the week thereafter.  Guess what? This goes to the end of the year. We are not arguing about any date. And guess what even further, folks? We are talking about funding levels, the lower of this, the lower of that and that is why we cannot send a CR down that the President will sign? Average of the two.  Let me tell you, ladies and gentlemen, the American public knows we are playing games and they are blaming all of us.  If we pass this continuing resolution and said do all of Government under these terms, I guarantee you the President would sign this bill.  