Speaker, I rise on behalf of myself, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Gephardt], the majority leader, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior], the minority whip, the gentleman from California [Mr. Fazio], the Chairman of the Democratic Caucus and the gentlewoman from Connecticut [Mrs. Kennelly], the vice chair of the Democratic Caucus, and all the leadership and members of the Democratic Caucus to note that today will be the last day of service for one of the beloved individuals of this House.  I ask my colleagues this day to join me in bidding farewell to a woman who has been a fixture on the floor of this House and who has helped over 2,000 young people mature into active participants in the democratic process of this great Nation.  Mr. Speaker, today is the last day on Capitol Hill for Lenore Donnelly who has served as the Chief of Democratic Pages since 1985. She sits right behind me on the floor.  Mr. Speaker, Lenny first came to Washington to work for Senator John F. Kennedy's Presidential campaign in 1959. She later became a member of his White House staff and remained at the White House during the administration of President Johnson at President Johnson's request.  She worked for Senator Robert Kennedy as well. Lenny later became the Deputy Chief of the U.S. Capitol Guide Service and was appointed to Chief of the Democratic Pages by one of our most famous and beloved Speakers, Thomas P. ``Tip'' O'Neill.  All of us who have worked with Lenny know her to be a woman of uncommon grace, uncommon grace under pressure, and uncommon grace in the best of times. She is a person who truly loves this institution and reflects that in her actions and in her words.  She has passed on that commitment to her Nation and to the House of Representatives, and, probably more importantly, to the thousands of Pages who have come here and under her guidance have flourished for the past 10 years.  I know that one day, Mr. Speaker, a future Member of this House will serve here who was a page under Lenny Donnelly and, yes, maybe far more than one. The House and indeed the Nation will be a better place because that Member will carry with him the inspiration and the knowledge and the wisdom and the love of this institution imparted to him or to her by Lenny Donnelly.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior] my friend, the Democratic whip.  