Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, it is with a certain degree of sadness that I rise and associate myself with the remarks of the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Levin], who spoke. There are two ways, frankly, that the government can be shut down, which seems to be the objective, frankly, of the Republican leadership in this House. One, of course, is not to pass appropriation bills or a continuing resolution in lieu of appropriation bills. That was done some days ago, and we shut down for the longest time in history, for four days. It cost the American taxpayer between $650 million and $700 million.  The other way of shutting down the government, of course, is not to extend the debt limit. Every American ought to understand that the reason that we need to extend the debt limit is because we have already voted in previous Congresses, and indeed in this Congress, to spend money, more than we had coming in. Therefore, it is necessary to be responsible to borrow that money, but by law there is a limit. We periodically raise that limit. It really is, in my opinion, a non-issue, because the issue, really, is on spending. That is the debate we are having on the budget, the reconciliation bill.  I want to say, Mr. Speaker, on the specific assertion of some who rise and say we want to protect Federal employees on the disinvestment of the retirement funds, I do not pretend to be the only or the necessarily best advocate of Federal employees, but I frankly do not think there is anybody on this floor on either side of the aisle that cares more about Federal employees or fights for their interests more than I do. They are not at risk. The law protects them.  I have a letter, a notice from Alice Rivlin in response to my request, and she says, ``Congress' failure to send the President acceptable legislation to raise the Federal debt limit, which is one way to shut down the government, has forced Treasury Secretary Rubin to take extraordinary steps to avoid government default.'' I do not think anybody in this Congress intends default. She goes on to say, ``This action will in no away affect the benefits to which current and future retirees are entitled. The law requires currently that the Treasury Department automatically reimburse the trust funds for the full amount disinvested plus interest.''  Let us stop playing games. The American public does not appreciate it. We are all going to protect Social Security. This administration is committed to that. Social Security is not at risk. We all know that. Let us be responsible. Let us lift the debt limit. Let us pass a CR and get on with the business of America.  