Speaker, I rise in support of this continuing resolution, which is essentially an appropriation, instead of passing all of our appropriation bills. That is why we are here. But for the inability to do that, we would not be here.  We have just seen and America has witnessed a shameful shutdown of the Federal Government. It was not only shameful because it reflected our inability, the President, Republicans, Democrats, all of us together, an inability to get our job done. Now frankly, some have talked about the CR and been angry about the fact that it was the President. In point of fact, the President refused to sign CR's which he thought undercut priorities for Americans that he thought were important: the environment, education, Medicare, the list could go on. In fact, it is included in this CR.  The fact of the matter is whatever the reasons we shut down Government, it cost us money. It could have been avoided. In point of fact, it should have been avoided. I want to rise also, as an aide, to say that I am pleased that the Wolf-Hoyer-Davis-Wynn-Morella-Moran-Gekas language indicating the Federal employees, as they have every time the Congress has failed to do its job and the President has failed to sign a CR, has shut down, that we have repaid, we have paid those folks, and that is good.  But we ought to realize, as well, that this is not a debate about commas or dots or even contracts. Yes; it is important that each of us keep our word, but it is, in the final analysis, an argument about the vision for this country and about people, and how people will be affected, how seniors will be affected on Medicare, how students will be affected, and their families, trying to get a college education to compete in world markets; a vision of how we can best defend this Nation and lend credibility to this country's role in maintaining international security.  That is why the President was so concerned about including in the language those references to Medicare and Medicaid, to education, agriculture, the national defense, veterans, and the environment; because in the final analysis, whether we call it a CR or reconciliation, words that most Americans do not understand, they do understand that when they get up in the morning, they are worried their health care and that of their families, they are worried about their childs safety as they go to school, they are worried about their 18- and 19- and 20-year-olds' ability to get a college education. These are things that mean something very real to the American public.  This CR will neither balance the budget nor ensure its balance. What it will say, however, is that we will get the Government back to work. Then we will deal with the reconciliation bill shortly. We will talk about the priorities of the Republican party and the priorities of the Democratic party.  We differ. We differ as to whether there ought to be a tax cut for some of the wealthiest, and yes, some of the not so wealthy in this country at the expense of school lunches, at the expanse of working Americans earning under $28,000 having a tax increase, in effect. That is what we are going to discuss.  The American public, I believe, thinks that is an important debate, because they know in the final analysis it is not about CR's, it is not about reconciliation, it is not about budgets per se, it is about people. It is about a vision of America. That is what the President was talking about. Very frankly, I think it is what all of us are talking about on both sides of the aisle.  It is time to get on with that debate, now that we have overcome the shameful shutdown, the expensive shutdown, the inappropriate shutdown, the unintended shutdown of the Federal Government because we were trying to force the President to retreat from his commitment and his vision. That is a vision we will now debate. I ask for support of this continuing resolution.  