Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Emerson] for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, we have now been in a crisis mode for some weeks, the longest that Federal employees have been placed at risk in the history of our country. Families are disrupted and in fear. Fathers and mothers are wondering how they are going to pay January's mortgage payment, how they are going to keep their families together, how they are going to run their lives. They realize, as every American realizes, that there is a confrontation between the White House and the Congress, between Republicans and Democrats on how to resolve the reconciliation bill, the so-called budget bill.  What the majority leader of the Senate did, Senator Dole, was to say to the Senate, ``As we debate the differences between us, let us not shortchange either the Federal workers or the American taxpayer. Let us have our workers come to work. Let us have them be perceived as essential for doing America's business,'' and then, because the Speaker and the majority leader have said we are going to do it, we will pay them when we come out of this crisis.  That is appropriate to do. It is important to give them that confidence. But it is also important for the American taxpayer that they work, and they want to work. I have had literally thousands of calls to my office of people who want just simply to do their job, to go to work, to contribute, not to have a backlog, and to give their families confidence in the new year.  Mr. Speaker, this request of the minority leader, S. 1508, is a request by our side to unanimously pass what the majority leader, the Republican leader of the U.S. Senate, has put before the Senate and the Senate has passed overwhelmingly. I would hope that my friend, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Emerson], would not object, because it is my understanding that the alternative to this is placing S. 1508 on the unanimous-consent calendar for the purposes of amending it and sending it back to the Senate with something that the Senate has said they will not take. I do not think our side is going to object to that, but it is a false hope, I fear, for our Federal employees, and for their families.  