Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for yielding time to me. I rise to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey [Mrs. Roukema] for her leadership on this issue and certainly my colleague and friend, the gentlewoman from Connecticut [Mrs. Kennelly], who has been in the forefront of this fight, as have others on this floor.  Mr. Chairman, every able-bodied American must understand it is wrong to have children you cannot or will not care for and support. The message we are sending with this amendment is, if you are a deadbeat parent, we are going to pursue you and demand you meet your moral and legal obligations to those children you brought into this world.  It is a simple but a very compelling and important message.  We understand during the course of this debate that one problem with children in America today is that too many people believe that having children is a spectator sport. Too many deadbeat dads, unfortunately, believe it is a nonparticipatory event after birth.  This amendment says, you need to care for and support, to the extent of your ability, your child. And if you do not, the rest of us, who will clearly want to support that child, will, however, exact a price from you.  This is a good amendment. This moves in the right direction. The gentleman from Colorado made a very salient point, nobody wants to lose their car so they stay current with their car payments. They ought to be much more responsible when it comes to caring for the dearest thing they may ever have. And that is their child.  I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, every able-bodied American must understand--it is wrong to have children you cannot or will not care for.  And the message we are sending with this amendment is if you are a deadbeat parent, we are going to pursue you and demand you [[Page H3631]] meet your moral and legal responsibilities to those children you brought into this world.  This amendment puts real teeth into the child support enforcement system.  It would require States to establish procedures under which they could withhold, suspend, or restrict State issued licenses of persons delinquent in making court ordered child support payments.  It would give my State of Maryland an additional weapon in its fight to collect $771 million in uncollected child support from deadbeat parents.  Last week, the Health and Human Services Department released a study which tracked the revocation of State issued licenses from parents ignoring child support obligations.  It estimates that if similar programs were in place nationwide, child support collections would grow by $2.5 billion over 10 years. Clearly, the mere threat of not receiving or keeping licenses has caused deadbeat parents to pay what they owe in child support.  Moreover, the Congressional Budget Office estimates the Federal Government could save $146 million over the first 5 years as a result of a nationwide license revocation program. This is a direct savings to the American taxpayers.  If there is a way we can cause deadbeat dads and moms to support their children, we must. This amendment provides us with a responsible and just action by helping to instill in parents the values needed in child rearing. I urge my colleagues to support it.  