Speaker, I rise in opposition to the conference report on HUD-VA.  This bill contains some of our Nation's most important priorities, and I was pleased that the conference agreement protects space research. Nevertheless, the overall cuts which were sustained by the EPA and Superfund are unacceptable. Preserving our environment is too important to be traded off for other priorities. Therefore, I oppose this bill.  I commend the conferees for providing funding to NASA to continue important work on space science and move the space station forward. I especially want to thank the conferees for providing $1.26 billion for mission to Planet Earth. The research this sponsors will greatly enhance weather forecasting, and allow us to protect lives and property by giving better advance warning before severe weather such as hurricanes. I am pleased that today, this bill reaffirms the importance of the work that is done at the Goddard Space Center.  Nevertheless, the funding cuts for EPA in this bill are an unacceptable attack on our environment.  Funding for Superfund cleanup has been cut by 19 percent. This leaves no flexibility to take care of sites which will be identified as problems in the upcoming year. The Fifth District of Maryland has five areas which are currently being considered for Sueprfund cleanup assistance. All five contain pollution which threatens the health and well-being of Fifth District residents. It is unfair to limit clean up progress to currently identified sites. This bill will exclude many dangerous areas from getting clean up help  I am also concerned about the impact of EPA cuts on our ongoing efforts to clean up the Chesapeake Bay. Under this conference report, EPA funding would be cut more than one-fifth. This means that available funding will be directed to dealing with crises. Long-term restoration efforts will bear the brunt of the cuts. For example, we recently discovered that as much as 30 percent of the nitrogen pollution in the bay is due to airborne, not waterborne, contamination. The cuts in this bill will force the EPA to stop much of this type of research. Likewise, our ongoing programs to reintroduce rockfish and other species to the bay may also be put on hold.  I am pleased that the Chesapeake Bay program has been funded under this bill. However, as any fisherman will tell you, our efforts to restore the bay and its oyster population are dependent upon the quality of the water that flows into the bay. The ultimate success of our efforts to restore the economic and environmental vitality of the bay depend on cleaning up the Patuxent, Anacostia, and Potomac Rivers. These are precisely the sorts of long-term projects which are most likely to be delayed as scarce funding turns to short-term emergency responses and crisis management.  These cuts show the folly of attempting to cut taxes while balancing the budget. I believe we must balance the Federal budget, for the sake of our children and grandchildren. But I do not believe that spending $245 billion to give tax breaks to our wealthiest Americans is a wise use of taxpayer funds. These cuts are not to balance the budget--they are paying for the tax cut. How will our grandchildren judge us if we fail to preserve our Nation's environmental and economic viability? Will giving a tax cut be an adequate defense? I believe not, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this bill.  