Speaker, let me make a comment.  I understand what the leadership has done. But I want to say that there is no doubt in my mind that were the roles reversed there would be an objection.  What the Government Reform Committee, and my good friend, the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Mica], and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Clinger] intend to do is, having had a hearing last Monday, 8 days ago, they intend to propose effectively increasing the taxes on 30,000 to 40,000 Federal employees by 12 percent by taking 2\1/2\ points off the pretax income of Federal employees as an additional contribution on their pension system. Now, that is with 8 days' notice and hearing.  Now, I hope the committee tomorrow does not take that action. I hope they give both Federal employees and the public an opportunity to look at that.  But the reason I reserve my right to object is I   worked very hard with the Bush administration and OMB under President Bush for the purposes of trying to come up with an equitable system. The Hudson Institute, a conservative think-tank out of the Midwest, in 1987 gave to the Bush administration and to this Congress a recommendation that we not touch the pension plan, not touch the pension plan until such time as we had fully effected a locality-pay adjustment. The Bush administration signed legislation in 1990 to effect that over a 9-year period.  We have done 1 year of that. Notwithstanding that, we are asked for a unanimous-consent request so the committee tomorrow, after having a hearing last Monday on this issue, move ahead to make a drastic change in Federal employee's pensions.  Now, very frankly, they are going to include congressional pensions. If we cannot protect ourselves, that is tough, in my opinion. I do not care about that, I tell you, Mr. Speaker. The fact is we ought not be doing this with this short notice to Federal employees and, in effect, giving them a 12-percent, 10-percent to 12-percent, tax increase.  [[Page H3119]] I reserve my right to object to make that point. Now, apparently the leadership on this side has agreed not to object, and, therefore, Mr. Speaker, I am not going to object, but I vigorously object to the actions that are being proposed to be taken tomorrow, and I will oppose those tomorrow. I will oppose them on the floor, and I will oppose them anywhere I can confront them. I hope to be joined by some of my friends on that side of the aisle.  