Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 849, to amend the Age and Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967. This bill will reinstate an exemption for certain bona fide hiring and retirement rules applicable to firefighters and law enforcement officials. The bill also instructs the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Chairman to conduct a study as to whether there should be mandatory retirement ages for these public employees. Ultimately, this bill seeks to clear up the confusion which has come about due to differing court decisions throughout the country on this issue over the past several years.  In 1986, the Congress passed a law which exempted fire and police departments from the ADEA for a period of 7 years. This exemption expired on January 1, 1994. It has long since been time to act and with this bill today we are fulfilling our responsibility to those who put their lives on the line for each American every day.  All of us know how physically demanding firefighting is. We also recognize the importance of protecting our communities. Mr. Speaker, the ability for firefighters and law enforcement officials to perform their duties at peak level is literally a matter of life and death for each and every American. Clearly age affects and individuals ability to perform the duties associated with these jobs.  Mr. Speaker, the study which followed the passage of this legislation in 1986 clearly concluded that age has a direct impact on a person's ability to work as a police officer or firefighter. We took this measure up twice last year and both times if passed unanimously in the House. The inaction of the Senate in the last Congress is no excuse for us not to act favorably on this measure again in the 104th Congress and I urge its adoption here today.  For all of the hard and dedicated work that these public employees perform each and every day it is our responsibility to ensure that the rules governing their employment and retirement are adequate and fair. This is exactly what H.R. 849 seeks to achieve. Let us today demonstrate our support of firefighters and law enforcement officials throughout the country with the speedy, unanimous passage of this bill. Thank you.  