Speaker, let me rise first and say that I do not believe this is an issue of the President's policy; neither President Clinton nor President Bush. Frankly, I think that President Bush should have moved more decisively at the beginning, but let me say that I thought President Bush was right at the time. We both made a mistake.  President Clinton, in 1992, spoke strongly of the strike-and-lift policy that he wanted to see our country pursue, but the issue is what we do today; What America's policy will be as set by the Congress of the United States.  Mr. Speaker, President John Kennedy, in his first inaugural address said, ``To those people in the huts and villages of half of the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help themselves, for whatever period is required, not because the Communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right.''  Let me repeat that, Mr. Speaker. ``Because it is right.''  That is what we are about today; doing what is right. Helping the Bosnian people break the bonds of misery. We can do this by voting to allow them the right, the inherent right of a nation to defend themselves as explicitly stated in article 51 of the U.N. Charter.  In that regard, Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule and legislation which would lift the arms embargo against Bosnia and Herzegovina.  Mr. Speaker, 318 of the Members of this body voted on June 8, just a little short of 2 months ago, to lift the arms embargo. Since that vote, the so-called safe havens, of Srebrenica and Zepa, which were designated safe havens by the United Nations, the mightiest nations on the face of the earth, have been overrun by the Serb forces.  Fighting rages around another safe haven, Bihac, and the shelling of Sarajevo continues. The West's response was to draw the line at Gorazde, allowing Serbian forces to amass at the other safe havens and threaten to overrun these areas as well.  Since that June 8 vote, 24 Bosnian and Croatian Serbs, including Bosnian Serb leader Karadzic and his military chief, General Mladic, have been indited by the international community for war crimes, including that of genocide. This is not a personal opinion; this is not an opinion of our Government or other governments; this is an opinion of the U.N. tribunal. We are dealing with international felons and war criminals.  This body should not retreat from that overwhelming vote on June 8. Some Members say it was an easy vote for them, but now this measure is real. It is a free-standing piece of legislation. To retreat from the House's overwhelming support to lift the embargo would send yet another signal to the Serbs that the United States has drawn another line in the sand, dared the Serbs to cross it, and then ourselves fallen back to a new position.  It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that what we are encountering is similar to a scene dating back to the 1930's when yet another dictator sought to carve up a neighboring country in the name of ethnic unity. It occurred in Munich in 1938. It was called, rightly, ``appeasement.''  At the outset of the crisis in Czechoslovakia, one European leader remarked, ``How horrible, fantastic, incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and tying gas masks here because of a quarrel in a faraway country between people of whom we know nothing.''  All of us learned the lessons of the neglect and negligence at that time. The result was called a Holocaust and, Mr. Speaker, it tragically is happening today in Bosnia and Herzegovina.  The Bosnians do not want our soldiers. Prime Minister Silajdzic said in a letter, ``Throughout this conflict we have never asked for American or foreign ground troops to fight for us. We do not need them. We have both the manpower and the will to fight for ourselves.''  Mr. Speaker, let this body show the Bosnian people that we too have the will to do what is morally and ethically right and allow them to defend themselves.  Mr. Speaker, using another quote, ``For two centuries,'' one of our Presidents said, ``America has served the world as an inspiring example of freedom and democracy. For generations, America has led the struggle to preserve and extend the blessings of liberty. And today, in a rapidly changing world, American leadership is indispensable. Americans know that leadership brings burdens and sacrifices. But we also [know] why the hopes of humanity turn to us. We are Americans. We have a unique responsibility to do the hard work of freedom,'' he said. ``And when we do, freedom works.''  That was President George Bush in his State of the Union Address in January 1991.  Today, Mr. Speaker, this body has a unique and compelling responsibility to do the hard work of freedom. Let us give the Bosnian people the opportunity to pursue their freedom from their aggressors. I would hope that my colleagues would vote for this rule. Vote for S. 21. It will be a vote for the right of an internationally recognized sovereign Nation to defend itself.  In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me read from a letter to Haris Silajdzic, The democratically elected prime minister of Bosnia. He says this in a letter dated yesterday: ``Since before the very first attacks on our population more than 3 years ago, we have been prepared to fight to defend ourselves. Tragically, the arms embargo against our country has ensured that this conflict be a slaughter rather than a war.''  ``The Arms Embargo,'' he goes on to say, ``must be terminated and a balance of power be effected on the ground. Only then,'' he says, ``will the genocidal spiral end.'' He closes with this, Mr. Speaker. ``On behalf of our people, I appeal to the American Government, the American people, and their elected representatives to untie our hands and to prove, once again, why America is the leader of the democratic world. In the name of morality, lift the arms embargo. Sincerely, Haris Silajdzic, Prime Minister'' of the democratic, internationally recognized, sovereign nation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.  