Chairman, I rise to express my support for this substitute offered by Congressmen Stenholm and Orton.  As my colleagues know, I believe it is essential for us to balance the Federal budget.  Today we have the opportunity to adopt a plan that moves us toward a balanced budget.  The Stenholm-Orton plan is not perfect. But it makes real choices--difficult choices to balance the budget and, without any doubt, is a better alternative than the plan prepared by Chairman Kasich and the Republicans of the Budget Committee.  The Kasich plan is an attack on working class Americans.  Education would be severely slashed. Under this resolution, when needy students from Waldorf or Lexington Park in my district go to apply for a Perkins loan they would be told, ``Sorry--the Republicans have ended the low-interest loan program for needy college students.''  Some 40 percent of Pell grant recipients come from families that earn less than $12,000. The Republicans have not left that program alone either.  Even grants to help illiterate Marylanders learn basic work skills to become employable, taxpaying citizens would be terminated by the Republicans' proposal.  The cuts in programs to educate, train, and prepare Americans for productive work are staggering. If I were in the majority party, I would be embarrassed to be associated with these extreme proposals.  Health programs have fared little better. Over the past 20 years, a bipartisan commitment to funding the National Institutes of Health has put the United States on the cutting edge of global biomedical research.  The economic returns--and the improvements in our Nation's health--as a result of this investment are immense. The Republican decision to cut NIH and preventive health resources are shortsighted and will cost us dearly down the line.  Veterans programs, a priority for many of my constituents, would also be severely cut by the Kasich resolution.  The Kasich proposal continues the assault on Federal employees by assuming that these civil servants will contribute an extra 2.5 percent annually to the Civil Service Retirement System and the newer Federal Employees Retirement System.  As I have said time and time again, this proposal is not fair. It violates the contract we made with these employees when they were hired.  Essentially, what this provision does is impose increased taxes on Federal workers to pay for a tax cut for the wealthy.  The House should not have included these provisions in the Archer tax bill and we shouldn't have them in the budget resolution either.  A lot has been said about the Republican cuts in Medicare--a total of $283 billion over the next 7 years.  Mr. Chairman, all of us know that changes must be made in Medicare to ensure that it remains a strong program well into the 21st century. But the arbitrary, unspecified cuts included in the Kasich resolution will clearly have a devastating impact on the seniors that depend upon this program for basic health care.  My question to every Member of this body is, ``will you join me in opposing a budget that will force seniors to pay an extra $1,060 a year for Medicare by 2002 simply so that those with much will have more?  Let us not forget, Mr. Chairman, that more than 80 percent of Medicare recipients have incomes below $25,000 a year. I would suggest that some of my colleagues talk to their constituents, as I have in Maryland's Fifth District, about how tough it is to be retired and live on a fixed income.  I want to take the rest of my time to say what is right with the substitute that we are now debating.  There are changes I would make in the Stenholm-Orton substitute. I don't approve of the provisions included that would cap Government contributions to the Federal employee health benefit plans and base Federal retirement on employees' high-5 years.  I remain concerned by the cuts in health and education funding that is included in this alternative.  Mr. Chairman, the choices are hard. There is no easy way to balance our budget--a goal that must guide us as we consider this year's budget resolution.  But it is my view that the Stenholm/Orton substitute is the best way to achieve that goal. This resolution actually results in a surplus of about $1 billion in 2002.  Yet, in sharp contrast to the Republican plan, the Democratic substitute does so without the same draconian impact on the most vulnerable Americans.  The Stenholm substitute rejects the proposed cuts in guaranteed student loans and sets more reasonable levels for Head Start, job training, and other education programs.  Yes, it does not give a tax cut, but these programs are important for those in America who are going to rely on those young people being able to participate in the workplace.  As a Democrat who believes that national defense must remain one of our highest priorities, I am pleased that the Stenholm bill actually raises defense spending starting in the year 2000.  This Democratic alternative does not provide for tax cuts for the wealthy or for any other American until the budget is in balance. It remains my strongly held belief, as I have stated before on the floor, that deficit reduction must be our primary goal.  I support language in the Stenholm substitute that calls for tax cuts to stimulate savings and investment once our Federal budget is in balance.  That is the appropriate time to consider tax cuts. To do so now would be irresponsible, especially when you recall that the House-passed tax bill gives almost half of its benefits to the wealthiest 10 percent of Americans.  Mr. Chairman, I came to this House at the time of another Republican-prescribed revolution. The formula is much the same today as it was in the early 1980's.  Tax cuts and easy spending cuts right away. Postpone the tough decisions and deepest cuts until after the next election.  That is the strategy of the Kasich resolution. We do not know how Medicare and Medicaid savings will actually be achieved.  What we do know is that their plan pushes the most severe cuts in domestic spending off to the last 3 years. In contrast, the Stenholm plan is a true and realistic glidepath to a balanced budget. The Kasich plan has what I think has been correctly characterized as a cliff in 2000 and 2001.  Mr. Chairman, we all know the disastrous results of the easy road taken in the 1980's even though some still do not like to admit it.  I urge my colleagues to reject a repeat scenario. Vote for the Stenholm substitute--the best alternative for realistic yet fair achievement of a balanced Federal budget.  