Speaker, as many on the floor of this House know, I have been one of the principal advocates of a policy not supported by the President of the United States, and that was lifting the arms embargo. I think that was a good debate to have and, frankly, I believe it has moved us towards peace.  In 1980, the dictator of Yugoslavia, the Communist leader, Tito, died, and since then Yugoslavia has been in the process of disintegration. As has unfortunately been the case so many times in history, hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children, not political, not combatants, not even evidencing any ethnic or national hatreds towards one another, have died, been raped, been removed from their homes in that phrase we euphemistically refer to as ``ethnic cleansing.''  Jeane Kirkpatrick was asked just the other day, ``Does America have an interest?'' She said, ``Oh, yes, it does. America, as one, of if not the leader of the free world and of the civilized world, has a very direct interest when it sees genocide, when it sees the dehumanizing of human beings, for if it ignores that, it dehumanizes itself.''  It is well that we remember why we are here. What is happening in Bosnia and in the Balkans; and what has happened through centuries? First of all, we are not here, as we were in January of 1991, to make war. We are here to make peace. Will peace be successful? None of us know. Is peace risk free? All of us know it is not. But the question we have before us is whether or not we are going to give our president, our Nation, unrelated to party, the chance to help those people make peace. The chance to retreat from carnage and genocide and rape and homelessness and refugee creation. That is what this is about.  Jeane Kirkpatrick, a member of the Reagan administration, a distinguished American. Yes, she is a Republican, but more than that, she is a distinguished American who thinks hard and tough on foreign policy issues. She said this. ``The President's letter, directed to the Speaker November 13, must be taken very seriously. We all have a commitment also to coherent American government which enables us to deal responsibly with other governments and other powers, and we want our government to be effective in its dealing with other governments''.  This is the key phrase Jeane Kirkpatrick said. ``I guess I think that the President's initiative or his response in this letter makes it unwise for the Congress to pass a binding resolution in advance of the completion of that agreement''.  That is what the Washington Times, no great supporter of this administration, said today itself. Why? For the same reason that Speaker Foley in September of 1990, September, October, November, and December of 1990 said, yes, President Bush, we will not have a vote on this floor while you negotiate and Secretary Baker negotiates to create that alliance which confronted Saddam Hussein.  There were many people in this House who asked for that vote. Tom Foley, the Speaker of this House, said, as an American, we will not have a vote, and we did not have a vote until 500,000 troops were deployed in harm's way to serve the interests of security in the Middle East. Let us act as bipartisanly for America today and reject the Hefley bill.  