Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation. As has been said in this modern age of technological advancement, this type of legislation is needed. Current copyright law cannot adequately address the numerous issues which arise when digital technology is used. Moreover, the number of subscribers obtaining access to digital transmissions is ever-increasing. Therefore, certain modifications to the law are necessary to ensure that recording artists' and record companies' rights are protected. This carefully crafted legislation will ensure that the recording community will not only have the ability to control the distribution of their work, but receive payment for the use of their creative works. From hip-hop to country, reggae to classical, this bill helps to ensure our talented recording artists and recording companies are fairly compensated for public performance of their work. Without this legislation many situations could and, I am sure, would arise where the artists and music companies would not be compensated for their creative work. For many of them, their livelihood depends upon their being appropriately compensated for the use of the songs they have created. It takes much time, energy, and labor to produce material which provides public enjoyment. The creators of these materials deserve to be adequately compensated.  Mr. Speaker, as I am sure some on this floor know, Stephen Foster died essentially a pauper. He died a pauper not because his music was not popular, not because many thousands of people did not play or sing or enjoy his music on a daily, weekly, monthly, and annual basis. It was because there was no system for compensating the genius that was Stephen Foster.  We have geniuses among us today, some of whom are incredibly well compensated, but unfortunately, some of the most creative, perhaps not the most famous or well-known, have not been fairly compensated. This legislation, targeted, is important in a particular area. There are many areas which copyright fails to adequately compensate those who create. Therefore, I think it is incumbent upon us, as has been said, I know, by the chairman and by the ranking member, in an increasingly technological age in which the reproduction of what others have done is much easier, and frankly, the copying and dissemination of that, without any compensation to those who created it, is becoming epidemic, it is important that this Congress act to protect those who create.  