Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, we come to a close of a very serious debate. We come to the close of a debate that has seen 3 years of failure. No one on this floor has addressed the policy as a success. Everyone has said it is a failure. It is time, then, to move on. Today we mark, Mr. Chairman, the 20th anniversary of the signing of the Helsinki Final Act to the day, August 1, 1975. Twenty years ago the United States, in concert with 33 countries of Europe and Canada, declared our commitment to 10 sacred principles governing our relationships with each other. We pledge to respect human rights and fundamental freedoms. We pledge to respect the territorial integrity of each state, like Bosnia, the sovereign, independent, internationally recognized state of Bosnia. We pledge not to threaten or use force against any state, unlike Serbia. We pledge to settle disputes by peaceful means, so as not to endanger international peace, security, and justice. When President Force signed the historic accord on behalf of the United States he said this: ``This document will not be measured by the promises made in the Helsinki Final Act, but by the promises kept.''  This debate is about promises to keep. This debate is about meeting our commitments under article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations. There are promises to be kept, Mr. Chairman, and now is the time; not tomorrow, not tomorrow and thereafter.  I have heard in every debate on the lifting of the arms embargo, ``Wait, wait until tomorrow. The sun will come up tomorrow for the Bosnians. The sun will come up, and all of a sudden the Serbs will see the light.'' However, here we are, Mr. Chairman, years later. The atrocities continue. Seven weeks ago this House voted overwhelmingly in support of the Hoyer amendment to lift the arms embargo. S. 21 before us now, gives us a vehicle to do just that. Three hundred and eighteen of us stood to say we will not give aid and sustenance to the aggressors, branded as war criminals by the international community.  The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hamilton] makes the point that we will turn over American policy to the Bosnians, because if they have this they would have to request UNPROFOR to leave, or the lifting of the embargo. That is not true. We make a decision today to say in which manner we will lift the arms embargo. We will do it in a considered fashion, under S. 21, ensuring the safety of our allies. Indeed, the President is given 30-day segments to extend the lifting of the embargo if the allies are still at risk.  Mr. Chairman, what has happened in the few short weeks between voting for the embargo and today? Srebrenica and Zepa lie in ruins. The United Nations-declared safe areas have been overrun by the terrorist Serbs. The international community effectively buried Zepa. Where is our integrity? Where is our commitment to enforcing the principles we adopted in Helsinki?  Civilians raped, tortured, thousands massacred, thousands unaccounted for, and tens of thousands more displaced; more refugees out of this confrontation and conflagration since any time since the 1940's. War criminals we have put on the same level as the democratically elected government of Bosnia and Herzegovina. We have said to them: ``You can only proceed with the arms that are in Yugoslavia,'' and all of us know that it is the Bosnian Serbs who succeeded to that army.  Yes, there has been some moral relativism on this floor, making analogies between the Serbs and the Bosnian Moslems, and we ought to be neutral; and yes, if we do this our European allies may lift the embargo on Iraq. If they do that, shame, shame, shame on them. Is there any analogy to be made between Saddam Hussein, the dictator-butcher of Baghdad, and the democratically elected government of Sarajevo, Bosnia, and Herzegovina? The answer, Mr. Chairman, is of course not.  The time has come for us to make a decision. The time for us has come to lift this embargo. The time for us has come to say we understand who the victims of aggression are in this case; and America, the leader of the free world, America, the beacon of freedom to the peoples of the world, America, that stands for justice, will not stand silently by while the innocent victims, unarmed, are subjected to the genocide that everybody on both sides of this issue has spoken to.  Mr. Chairman, let us not fall into the abyss of negligence. Let us not fall into the abyss of saying, ``It is not our struggle.'' I quoted John Kennedy earlier today when he told the world that we would be with them in their fight for freedom. The international community recognized Bosnia and Herzegovina. It said to them, ``We respect you as a member of the international family of nations,'' under the Helsinki Final Act, under the United Nations Charter, but even more importantly than that, under the principles that America has held so dear since it declared on July 4, 1776, our independence. When we look to others to recognize and support that independence, let us stand for those principles today. Vote for S. 21.  