Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Orton alternative.  It is a real and positive alternative that would solidify America's economic future.  Our deficit threatens our health as a nation and our ability to be competitive in our global economy. This Orton package balances the budget and meets our responsibilities to the future.  As a strong supporter of the balanced budget amendment, I recognize that we must make tough choices. We do that. Without attacking the middle class. Without taking Medicaid benefits from children and seniors. Without gutting Medicare.  This bill cuts $100 billion less from Medicare than the bill rammed through the House by the Republican leadership last Thursday.  The coalition alternative restores solvency to the Medicare Trust Fund without stealing money from seniors for tax breaks for the wealthy.  Over 7 years, the Medicare provisions in the Republican bill would cut $2,700 more per senior than this alternative.  This alternative provides a total of $80 billion more in discretionary spending for priorities such as job training, housing, economic development, and education.  It does not cut student loans--a Republican provision that has students at the University of Maryland justifiably worried about whether or not they can finish their education.  The amendment rejects the most damaging farm program cuts included in the Republican bill.  This sensible alternative also rejects cuts in Federal employee benefits.  The welfare reform provisions in the alternative, which 204 Members of this body supported, represented true reform, that plus parents to work and protects the well-being of children.  Mr. Chairman, this is responsible government. It makes tough choices and gets us to a balanced budget in 2002. As the sponsors have stated it uses ``honest numbers, shared sacrifice, sound priorities, and common sense'' to get our budget balanced.  Instead, the alternative imposes real discipline on spending. Unlike the Kasich bill it does so while continuing our commitment to invest in Americans to ensure a strong, healthy, educated nation.  Passage of this alternative would be good news for the citizens I represent and for all Americans. I urge a vote for the Orton-Stenholm-Peterson-Sabo alternative.  