Chairman, I rise in support of the Sawyer substitute to the TEAM Act which is before us today.  Over the past two decades, the American workplace has undergone significant changes. One of the most important of these is the recognition that often, company employees are the best experts on increasing efficiency, improving product quality, and implementing new, innovative ideas. If America is to compete in the global marketplace, management and labor must work together to tap this built-in reservoir of knowledge, using it to strengthen our Nation's economy, generate fair profit, and create jobs.  And across this country, companies are doing just that. More than 30,000 employers have instituted employee involvement plans, including more than 96 percent of large firms. Employee recommendations on a wide range of issues, both large and small, are contributing to company productivity, workplace safety, employee satisfaction, and the bottom line.  The authors of the TEAM Act state that companies are confused about what sort of employee involvement is permitted under the law. The TEAM Act authors ask Congress to legalize employee involvement. Clearly, employee involvement is currently legal. In fact, employee involvement is breaking out all over.  The TEAM Act would undermine, not improve, employee involvement in company decisions. Under the TEAM Act, employers would be permitted to establish company-controlled employee organizations. Not only does this fly in the face of 60 years of labor law, company control of these organizations contradicts the very premise of employee involvement: That the employees, who know the workings of the company as well as management, ought to be respected as full partners in efforts to improve them.  The TEAM Act is unnecessary and unwise. In attempting to address confusion in the area of what employee involvement teams are acceptable, it undermines the right of employees to select their own representatives in employer-employee bargaining situations. The Sawyer substitute, which I support, would clarify the range of acceptable employee involvement practices while preserving the spirit and the letter of employee self-representation. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the Sawyer substitute.  