Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, we started this bill yesterday. In a relatively short period of time we considered the central portions of this appropriation bill. Today we have been on issues of importance, but frankly only in a few instances relating directly to the level of appropriations.  I want to say to the chairman of the committee, as I said at the beginning, the chairman has been fair, he has been open, he has conducted himself in every way as a gentleman, and for my side of the aisle, not just for me as the ranking member or the minority members of the committee, but for our staff and for all Members on this side I want to tell the chairman we appreciate his handling of this bill.  I further want to thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Dreier]. I think, while this has not necessarily been the most difficult bill, it has been a difficult one, and for our side of the aisle I want to tell him that I think he has been fair and presided with an equal hand. We appreciate that on our side of the aisle.  Mr. Chairman, I will, when we rise and come back, make a motion to recommit. I very much regret that I will not be able to support this bill. I am not going to debate at length my reasons for that. We have debated them here. I think we have inadequate resources to meet the responsibilities of law enforcement, and Customs, and some other areas, but it is not because of the chairman, in my opinion, who wanted to take that action. It is because we have squeezed the discretionary side of the budget very hard.  My colleagues, I am for balancing the budget, but I am also investing in America. I am for having this country provide the opportunity for our children and for our grandchildren that is essential if they are to enjoy the kind of good life that we have.  So, Mr. Chairman, regrettably I will be opposing final passage of this bill, but it is not because of any reason other than the resources available to it were insufficient to allow Chairman Lightfoot and the committee, the subcommittee and full committee, to recommend to this House resources adequate to fund the priorities of this bill.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  