Speaker, I do not remember a rule like this. I do not remember a rule where it was preselected. The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Andrews] is on the floor. He had a bill called A to Z that allowed 46 hours for any Member to pick any program to cut spending. But in this rule we only have the leadership's list [[Page H3183]] to choose from, and I say to my colleagues, If it's not on the list, you don't get your shot.  As a matter of fact, what is that for? To protect, I suggest, the projects they want to talk about, but not to do anything about.  My colleagues, I rise in opposition to this rule. If we pass this rule and bill, teenagers will have fewer jobs, children will be hungrier, older Americans will be colder, families will find housing less available, and veterans will be less cared for.  Yes, we need to cut spending, but let us do it not on the backs of children, veterans, and older Americans.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule.  The appropriations process is inherently one of weighing priorities and making choices.  I am willing to make those choices--to bite the bullet and make the tough decisions that are necessary to bring our budget deficit under control. But this rule has made a farce of that process.  First, this rule requires that, if funding is to be restored to one program, offsets must be found in the same chapter of the bill.  I sit on two subcommittees--Treasury Postal and Labor-HHS-Ed. The idea that we can not weigh the importance of educating and training our children against the construction of a new building is ludicrous.  I am the ranking Democrat on Treasury Postal, but I would be the first to say that our Nation's children are more important than that construction. This rule prohibits us from making that judgment.  In addition, for the first time in my career in Congress, the rule requires that offsets come solely from programs which have already been cut at the subcommittee and full committee level.  All programs should share in the burden of necessary reductions. Instead, the Republicans have targeted programs for children, the elderly, and veterans for severe cuts or entire elimination--and then guaranteed that they would be cut still further by the adoption of these two provisions in the rule.  This rule also protects inappropriate authorizing legislation adopted by this committee with inadequate information, without holding any hearings, and against the strong objections of Mr. Obey, the ranking Democratic member.  The original contract for American--the U.S. Constitution--promised an open, informed debate by educated citizens and their elected representatives.  This bill has been put together in haste, largely without hearings, and with inadequate consideration of its implications. It attacks the health, food, and education programs needed to create an active, informed democratic society of the future.  I urge you to vote against this rule.  