Speaker, the American public again sent us all here to reflect and to be responsible. There was much discussion about that last week.  This is probably as serious a foreign policy issue as confronts the United States of America that will be discussed in terms of topography and all of those things, and that is important to do. ``Anybody who moved or screamed was killed. Genocide goes on unabated in the midst of Europe.''  The President of the United States and others are trying to bring that to a close. It is difficult to do. I have not, as most of you know, agreed with the President's policies and have, in fact, opposed his policies and supported very strongly the unilateral lifting of the arms embargo. That issue was deserving of serious debate, and it received it. It had extensive hearings and was debated over months of time before we voted on it.  On this noon, I received notice that we were going to debate this resolution on the floor of the House. Fully debate it? No. Under suspension of the rules? Suspension of the rules is designed for the most part for those issues of little dispute and of general agreement. This issue is not one of those. This is a shameful, irresponsible, precipitous action to be proposed in this, the House of the people.  I suggest to my friend from New York, my good friend, that if we were in 1938 or 1939 or 1940 and we were to tell Franklin Roosevelt to not lend lease, ``Do not give any aid and comfort to the British, for after all we may get involved,'' ladies and gentlemen of this House, this is one of the most serious issues that we confront.  I disagree with some of my colleagues. Indeed, the chairman of the committee or the ranking member of the committee and I have seriously disagreed on Bosnian policy. But what we do not disagree on is that we ought to give this considered and thoughtful debate and effort.  The American public expects no less of us, and indeed, my friends, the world expects much more of us. If we are the leaders of the free world, as I believe we are, I would hope that we would reject this resolution at this time.  