Speaker, I was not going to go into this in detail, but I think it is appropriate, because I have a great deal of concern about this issue of the appropriate funding level of the Internal Revenue Service, which is, by the way, the largest single item in this particular budget.  I have concern, which is expressed in a document that I received from the Internal Revenue Service when I asked them what will be the result of the underfunding that is included in this bill. And their response was as follows: First of all, they may have to furlough all employees for between 3 and 8 days at some time during the fiscal year. This would affect over 100,000 employees and is equal to reducing IRS by 2,000 FTE's, full-time-equivalent employees. Said differently, this translates into a loss of over half a million workdays.  Now, there are some people who would say is that not great, we will get those people off on the sidelines. But, again, to the extent that the IRS does not have the ability to do its job correctly, those who honestly respond and pay their taxes, have their taxes withdrawn on a weekly or monthly or biweekly basis, depending upon how they are paid, will pay the taxes that are due. However, to the extent that those who are missed or do not cooperate and honestly respond to their obligations, to the extent that they do not pay, the rest of us have to pay more, so that this not only affects collections, but it affects very much the fairness of the system.  In terms of tax compliance, we had a bipartisan agreement, Republicans, Democrats, the President, the Congress, the Office of Management and Budget, the fiscal arm of the President, the Congressional Budget Office, the fiscal arm of the Congress, everyone agreed that if we put $405 million per year into tax compliance for 5 years, a total of approximately $2 billion, it would result in additional collections of approximately $10 billion, a five-to-one payoff.  However, because of the constraints that confront us on our 602(b) allocation, we do not have that money to spend. As a result, IRS says that revenues collected by the IRS endorsement function are projected to drop from $31.1 billion in fiscal year 1995, that is simply the extra money collected by appropriate enforcement resulting in appropriate tax compliance, drop from $31.1 billion this fiscal year to 27.5 billion in the next fiscal year, because of the reduction in enforcement and compliance, an estimated decrease of $3.6 billion.  Said another way, Mr. Speaker, we are cutting approximately $405 million from compliance, and that is going to cost us $3.6 billion. Now, it does not take much of a mathematician to see that that may be a penny-wise and pound-foolish savings, a hackneyed phrase, but one I think is applicable at this time.  In addition, they are going to examine less returns. The percent of all tax returns examined, a major source for identifying unreported taxes, would fall from 1.63 percent in fiscal year 1995, to 1.29 percent. Now, because of that fall, less people will feel that they need to honestly meet their obligations, and, therefore, not doing so will result in a loss of revenue and a decrease in compliance.  Last, unfortunately, as a result of the reductions in this bill, they are going to be able to answer fewer taxpayer phone calls. One of the things our committee has tried to do is provide for the additional response and timely response and accurate response to those we ask to fill out the tax forms and pay their taxes. Quite obviously, we owe it to them to make it as easy as possible. We know it is difficult. We know it is time-consuming. This effort has been to try to make it a little easier for our taxpayers.  Up to 1 million fewer phone calls from taxpayers needing information will be answered because of the fact that we have reduced the resources here.  Mr. Speaker, as you can tell, I am worried about the ability of the IRS to do that which we expect, unrelated to, as the chairman has so correctly stated, whatever system you have. And if you make it a very simple system, then you can perhaps lay off a lot of people. I understand that. But under the system that we now have or are going to have in the foreseeable year, the resources allocated are insufficient to do the job properly.  I am hopeful that in the coming year, it will not result, as it did back in 1988, in a backlog in Philadelphia or other regional centers, where taxpayers become extremely distressed because they do not get their answers in a timely fashion, they do not get their refunds in a timely fashion. If that happens, I am sure we will hear about it.  But in any event, Mr. Speaker, I note that the two gentlemen from California are here, and we are prepared to proceed with the colloquy.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to my friend, the distinguished gentleman from California [Mr. Dooley].  