Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I unfortunately did not know this debate was going to occur, but I rise in support of the gentleman from Virginia and his amendment, as amended or not. I have a great respect for and am a very close friend and ally of the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Dingell]. The gentleman from Michigan has done a great deal of good in ensuring that people who do business with the Federal Government do not in fact defraud the taxpayers of our country, or in fact do not do jobs for which they contract, or do not in any way abuse their responsibilities.  Having said that, Mr. Chairman, the situation to which the gentleman's amendment refers is perverse in the extreme, in my opinion. That is that we ask people to contract with the Federal Government, put together their capital, place that capital at risk, hire employees, and undertake an objective that the Federal Government wants accomplished, and contracts towards that end.  Then it has turned around in one of the most perverse ways that I have seen and in fact said, ``We are going to cancel your contract for the convenience of the Government, and guess what? We are going to take all the employees that you recruited, that you paid money to train, that you put on your payroll, and accrue them to ourselves, and you are out of business.''  Mr. Chairman, I do not take a back seat to anybody on this floor, not one, in the defense of Federal employees. On the other hand, I do not take a back seat to anybody in saying that we ought to side with Federal employees against private sector employees. This is a partnership, not a competition, not where we want to choose one side over the other. What we want to do is ensure a compatible, fair, and just environment for both of those groups to effectively perform their duties.  Mr. Chairman, I believe this amendment speaks to a very serious problem, and it is not the problem that the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Dingell] speaks to. The gentleman from Michigan has been, as I said earlier, one of the great champions of ensuring against fraud of the taxpayer and of our Government.  Are there those out there who would do that? There are. Does the American taxpayer in this country need a vigorous and tough and hard-as-nail watchdog? It does, and the gentleman from Michigan, John Dingell, fills that bill. One the other hand, Mr. Chairman, in pursuing that objective to undermine businesspeople who are doing a fair and honest job is wrong. That is what the gentleman from Virginia seeks to address. I applaud his efforts and support them.  