Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to say that there is one additional issue that I would like to reference.  The chairman brought it up in his bill. It has been a contentious issue for years. I have a strong feeling about it and would be remiss if I did not mention it.  The Federal employee health benefit plan is one of the best employee plans in the Nation. In fact, it is a model for many. It is a plan which provides for health care coverage for our employees, retirees, and their dependents. It is a plan that they contribute to and the Federal Government, as the employer, also contributes to.  It has been my contention over the years that this is a part of the employee's compensation package and that when the Federal Government pays 72 percent of the average premium, it does so as a part of the compensation package of the Federal employee. To that extent, I believe it is like salary; and, therefore, is the property of the employee. Others, however, take the position, no, that money is the money of the Federal Government; and, therefore, they object to that money being spent on any health benefit plan that might include abortion services within its framework.  Now, currently, Mr. Speaker, there are about half of the policies that cover such services, and they can be obtained, as any other policy can be, at the option of the employee. It is the employee's choice, not the employer's choice, as to what coverage the employee wants to secure.  This bill limits this coverage, as was done, frankly, in the 1980s and the early 1990s, and precludes any of our Federal employees from purchasing a policy that has abortion services other than to save the life of the mother or for a pregnancy resulting from rape or incest. Quite frankly, when the bill left the House, it was only for the life of the mother. The Senate added rape and incest, which I think was an appropriate addition, and I am pleased that the conference agreed to that.  Nevertheless, I want to make it clear that, although I will support this bill, I oppose this provision because I think it places, inappropriately, a restriction on the use of the employee's money in the guise that it is restricting the application of the Federal Government's money.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  