Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2405, the Omnibus Science Research Authorization Act of 1995. While the bill contains provisions which I support, I believe the bill cuts deeply into the Federal science research and development budget. I recognize that there must be cuts in many of these programs, however this bill clearly lessens our ability to excel in achieving the highest quality research and development. Now more than ever, we need to stay the course. The research performed and gained from these agencies and the entities they support are crucial to the vitality of our Nation.  Science plays a key role in the economic and technological development of our Nation. As an important player in the global economy, we must ensure that we are unrelenting in our efforts to remain competitive. The reductions contained in this bill are shortsighted and make unnecessary cuts to vital research and development programs. Therefore, it is important that we oppose this measure which makes cuts to prevent us from achieving our goal.  The bill authorizes $21.5 billion in fiscal year 1996 for several science programs and agencies. Its authorization level is $3 billion less than fiscal year 1995, and $3.6 billion less than the administration's request. It makes cuts in various agencies which provide critical research and information which benefit the Nation.  The bill provides $54 million less than the fiscal year 1995 and $228 million less than the administration's request for the National Science Foundation. While this may be a small cut, it represents the first time the National Science Foundation has received decreased funding. The National Science Foundation provides excellent support for research in the physical and mathematical sciences at universities. Moreover, it plays a significant role in ensuring that universities such as the University of Maryland and Johns Hopkins University maintain a standard of excellence in research which is internationally recognized. At a time when the reponsibilities and activities of the National Science Foundation are increasing, it does not make sound sense to make big cuts to its budget.  The bill authorizes a total of $1.7 billion for fiscal year 1996 for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration [NOAA]. This represents $297 million less than the fiscal year 1995 funding and $476 million less than the administration's request. Mr. Chairman, this is particularly disturbing given that NOAA is presently in the middle of their efforts to modernize and restructure the National Weather Service.  The bill authorizes $4.3 billion in fiscal year 1996 civilian research, development, demonstration, and commercial application activities for the Energy Department. This is a decrease of $1.4 billion from the administrations request and $1.1 billion less than the fiscal year 1995 funding level. It is clear that as our fossil fuels and other resources become scarce, these programs are increasingly important.  As I stated previously, there are provisions in the bill which I support. I want to thank Congresswoman Harman and my colleague from Maryland, Mr. Bartlett, for their efforts to restore funding for the Mission to Planet Earth Program. I also want to thank the chairman and the committee for accepting the Harman-Bartlett amendment during the full committee markup of the NASA authorization bill.  Mission to Planet Earth produces practical benefits and long-term understanding of the environment. The centerpiece of Mission to Planet Earth is the Earth Observing System [EOS]. EOS will help us understand the causes of natural disasters and how to respond to them. The importance of the EOS Program becomes clearer when we look at the record number of hurricanes we have experienced this year. EOS will allow us to dramatically improve weather forecasts and improve agricultural and natural resources productivity. EOS will generate the facts needed to make objective decisions about the environment.  I am also pleased with the $28 million funding level for the U.S. Fire Administration and the National Fire Academy in fiscal years 1996 and 1997. This small investment in our Nation's fire safety and emergency medical activities provides the American people with the finest public education, fire prevention and control, and research into fire suppression in the world.  No one doubts the data which ranks the United States below many other industrialized countries in fire safety. The funds in this bill will enable the National Fire Academy to continue to provide the best training in the world to our Nation's first responders.  There are more than 340 Members of this body in the bipartisan Fire Services Caucus. We all must continue to support the U.S. Fire Administration, which provides the backbone of our Nation's fire safety and protection services.  Today, it is my intention to support the Brown substitute which provides sufficient levels of funding to keep our science programs on track. Not only does the Brown substitute provide sufficient operating levels for the National Science Foundation, NOAA, and the Department of Energy's research and development program, it authorizes higher levels for Mission to Planet Earth and the U.S. Fire Administration. the Brown substitute moves us in the direction we ought to be going with our science budget. The research and development we perform today will lead to a better quality of life for us all tomorrow. Therefore, I would urge my colleagues to oppose the committee bill and support the Brown substitute.  