Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me follow up on my previous statement.  Mr. Chairman, we are going to have a number of people talk about this issue. The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith] just talked. Mr. Smith and I are very close friends. We have a disagreement on this issue, and it is an issue on which he is a very, very sincere advocate, an able advocate, and deeply convicted advocate of his position. I think his position is a position that is intellectually and morally very defensible, period. I have no quarrel with him on that.  I do, however, make the suggestion again that in this context the gentleman is placing Federal employees in a position that no other employees in America are placed in, and that is:  ``If you work for General Motors, you get a health care plan, and you choose a policy if you have alternatives. Now, you happen to have, as a Federal employee, more alternatives than you have perhaps at General Motors. But the fact of the matter is that is perceived as your compensation package, your money, your selection of the insurance policies.''  Mr. Chairman, this is not about the Federal Government, and Medicare, and Medicaid paying for an abortion. It is about giving to an employee compensation in the form of a health care contributions to the purchase of an insurance policy. That employee then applies to his or her choice.  Now, just as we, the Federal Government, pays FICA, that is then mine or pays my salary. It is mine or pays my retirement. That is then vested. They cannot take it back from me. This is not their choice of where it goes. This health care benefit is theirs. It is Henry Hyde's. It is Steny Hoyer's. It is Jim Lightfoot's. It is whoever's. It is ours, and we then apply that looking through the list of what policy do I want to purchase? It is not the Federal Government making that choice for us. It is not the Federal Government buying that policy.  Yes, it is Federal dollars. But as I said before my friends got to the floor, the dollars that we are paid in salary are Federal dollars. I ask, ``Are we to be then told that, look, those are Federal dollars, and you can't spend them except in a fashion with which we, the Federal Government, agree''? I asked that question rhetorically, but I am wondering if there is a response to it.  Those dollars are the dollars of our employees, not ours, not our dollars, and that is, I respectfully suggest to my good friends, the significant difference between this and the issue of Medicaid, or Medicare, or some other program where the Federal Government actually pays for the services rendered.  Now, I know the deep convictions are that anything that might further the objective is objectionable itself. I understand that. I think that is a fair argument, and I understand that position. It is a position with which I disagree, but not that I lack respect for.  Mr. Chairman, I am hopeful that, as the debate develops tomorrow, that Members will have the opportunity to see the difference between this issue raised on this bill, and the issue raised in the Labor-Health bill, and that difference will be seen as dollars of the employee as opposed to the dollars of the Federal Government.  Yes, the source is the same, but the ownership is different. The ownership is significantly different.  