Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I want to first of all say that I have served here for some time, and without reference to anybody else in comparison, I do not think anybody else in this body represents their area better than she does. It is obviously a difficult area to represent in that everybody is watching it, every day. As she says, so many people live here. She does an extraordinary job in bringing the message of the District of Columbia, its hopes and aspirations, to this body. I commend her for her leadership on this bill.  Mr. Speaker, those of us in the Washington metropolitan area are also proud of the fact that we act together in a bipartisan fashion. We are very proud of the fact that Tom Davis has done such an extraordinary job in his leadership in bringing all of the various points of view together. As always, it is a pleasure to deal and work with my chairman, the gentleman from California [Mr. Dixon], and the chairman, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Walsh], on this matter.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation before us is a useful, important, and necessary vehicle to move the District of Columbia in the direction of getting its fiscal house in order. It contains tough provisions which require the District to be responsible and accountable by requiring accurate annual budgets and a 4-year financial plan. More, it cuts off the District's direct entitlement to drawing funds from the Treasury should it run out of money.  Consequently, without this control board the District will live under a growing dark cloud of financial uncertainty. If the District lives under such a dark cloud, the Maryland and Virginia suburbs, as well as the rest of the country, will be adversely affected. A healthy Capital City makes for a healthier Nation and is, as well, critical to a healthy Washington metropolitan area.  In closing, as we do our part in protecting the viability and stability of the Nation's Capital, it is my expectation, as the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has said, that we will receive and are receiving full cooperation from the District of Columbia.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this act.  If I might, Mr. Speaker, just make one additional statement, I have had discussions with the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Davis], the chairman of the subcommittee, with reference to an item regarding the financing and the obligations of the District of Columbia with reference to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. I was hoping we could deal with that on this legislation.  It is my understanding, however, that the gentleman from Virginia will have another piece of legislation dealing with the convention center. I have talked to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia about this. I do not believe this is controversial in any way, and I hope we can deal with it on that legislation.  