Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the omnibus bill that I believe is a major step backwards for our Nation. I am committed to ensure our Nation's fiscal integrity. Our obligation to our future and our children demands decisive and decidedly different action to effect a disciplined conduct in our fiscal business. But the Republican package is not the answer. It is an attack on the middle class and poor Americans.  Mr. Chairman, I supported the Balanced Budget Amendment. I voted for the Stenholm budget, which would have achieved a surplus by 2002, and I will support the Orton alternative that also puts us on a path to a balanced budget by 2002. But I do not support tax cuts until we get our fiscal House in order. Balance the budget first and then consider tax reductions.  Half of the bill's tax breaks go to those who make more than $100,000 a year, while the lowest 20 percent of income earners will see their taxes go up. That is not right. If the Republicans were not so committed to tax breaks for the wealthy, this legislation would not include the draconian cuts that I oppose so strongly.  One example of the bill's attack on the middle class is provisions on Federal employees. While I am pleased that the parking provision has been dropped, what remains is still unfair and unwarranted.  In addition to the dramatic reductions in the earned income tax credit which has been spoken of, this bill makes very serious cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. Over $450 billion in health care cuts for seniors families and children.  Furthermore, the Republican proposals for welfare reform are weak on work and tough on kids; they are tougher on kids than they are on the deadbeat dads who walk out on those kids. The Orton substitute will effect real welfare change and require those who can work to work regularly.  These are just a few examples of what I believe our priorities must be. Not tax cuts in the face of deficits, but fiscally responsible policies that serve our Nation's needs, promote the American economy, and effect a balanced budget by the year 2002. I urge defeat of the Gingrich-Kasich budget.  