Speaker, reclaiming my time, the gentleman is clearly correct. However, let me comment on the comments of the chairman of the Committee on Rules, who is my friend and for whom I have a great deal of respect. Essentially with Gramm-Rudman, both I and II, the gentleman knows that, the Committee on Appropriations was within 602(b) requirements every year. That was not the reason we did not get to balance under Gramm-Rudman, period. The Committee on Appropriations in fact in every one of those years, maybe save one, was appropriating less than Presidents Reagan and Bush asked for.  Having said that, I believe very strongly we have to get to balance. I voted for an amendment to do so, I voted for budgets to do so, and I voted for the coalition budget which gets there faster than your alternative. It does not do some of the policy things that you think are right to do, that I think are wrong to do. We are going to argue about that. But I say again to my friend from Maine, the continuing resolution--this is not the continuing resolution, we are debating a rule--but the continuing resolution, we are debating a rule--but the continuing resolution is not the document that gets you to balance, period.  Now, there is a difference between the President and the Congress. We will have to work that out in the Democratic process, and we will work it out within the context of reconciliation bills. In point of fact, the appropriation bills, which you are passing, are within your 602(b)'s. They are within the framework of spending that you have allotted.  All of those bills, he will sign them within the 602(b)'s. Within those 602(b)'s, we have differences. The American public has differences. They say in polls they are a third for one person, Powell, a third for Clinton, and about 30 percent for Dole in a three-way. Now Powell has withdraw. But the American public has differences. They understand that. In their families they have to resolve differences. What they do not do in their families is shut off the heat, lock the house door and not let any of the family come in. They continue operations while they are trying to resolve their differences.  What you are trying to do, I suggest to the gentleman from Maine, is in effect lock the door, shut off the heat, and force the President to come to an agreement that he does not agree with.  In the past we have passed CR's which were relatively clean and that ultimately the President and the Congress agreed upon, because we never passed a CR over the President's veto, not once. Not once.  Did the gentleman hear me? The Democratic House and Senate never passed a CR over President Reagan or President Bush's veto. Not once, so that every agreement to carry out the operations of Government was done with an agreement ultimately between the President and the House and the Senate.  