Speaker, I think the rule we have before us today is a mixed blessing. The rule is good because it does not include a number of legislative riders that should be debated on other bills. The Committee on Rules has decided not to make these in order, and I hope it will set an example, frankly, for other bills. We are debating, right now, the VA-HUD bill, which is replete, a third of the bill is authorizing language, very frankly.  But, unfortunately, in an zeal to bring the Treasury-Postal bill to the floor, the Committee on Rules has failed to make in order a number of amendments that I personally wanted to propose. Although they meet the criteria for an appropriation bill, they do not meet the technical qualifications of the new House rule.  It seems to me that this is inappropriate, because they dealt with action taken on appropriations issues within the committee.  For instance, I had hoped to offer an amendment to restore funds for the Council of Economic Advisers, the CEA. The Council of Economic Advisers is a critical agency which advises the President. It was zero-funded in our bill.  This rule, unfortunately, because of the new rule dealing with titles, makes me unable, because there is no language in the bill, to even offer the amendment to have the policy judgment before this House as to whether or not we ought to restore funding, that is an appropriation, for the Council of Economic Advisers. It seems to me that that is right on point on this bill and ought to be allowed. Unfortunately, the Committee on Rules saw fit not to allow that amendment.  In addition, the agency responsible for monitoring Federal mandates, the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations, was also eliminated and it is not in order for me to suggest the restoration of that.  Mr. Speaker, I understand neither of these provisions are made in order under the rule. I will, however, continue to press for the approval for both of these important areas of government as this process moves forward.  Mr. Speaker, I am also disappointed that the Committee on Rules did not make in order an amendment by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ward] to close a loophole in the so-called billionaires tax. The amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ward] would have given the Secretary of the Treasury the authority to collect taxes from individuals who have renounced their U.S. citizenship; billionaires profiting from being Americans in the greatest economic free-market system in the world and who now simply move overseas and say, ``Yeah, it was a great country and I earned a lot of money from it, but I am not going to help pay taxes.''  I am sure the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ward] will speak about it in the future; billionaires and other wealthy Americans who have renounced their U.S. citizenship yet are no longer participating.  Mr. Speaker, because of these inconsistencies, I regret that I am not going to be able to support this rule and I will oppose the previous question. I am hopeful that that will lose and that then we can offer an alternative rule which will give us an opportunity to consider items which are legitimately within the purview of the appropriations process and are not authorization issues, such as whether we ought to fund certain agencies.  The perverseness of the rule that was adopted at the beginning of this session in effect gags Members, if the Committee on Rules chooses to not protect them, whenever an appropriation committee decides to eliminate an agency. Clearly, Members ought to have the opportunity to come back and say, ``No, we ought to restore that agency and have that debate.'' Under the circumstances of this rule, we will not be able to do that.  Mr. Speaker, I will have a lot to say, of course, on the substance of the bill when and if we get there. But I regret, Mr. Speaker, that I will not be able to support this particular rule.  