Chairman, the current welfare system is at odds with the core values Americans share: work, opportunity, family, and responsibility. And too many people who hate being on welfare are trying to escape it--with too little success. It is time for a fundamental change.  Instead of strengthening families and instilling personal responsibility, the system penalizes two-parent families, and lets too many absent parents who owe child support off the hook.  Instead of promoting self-sufficiency, the culture of welfare offices creates an expectation of dependence.  Our society cannot--and should not--afford a social welfare system without obligations. Individuals--not the taxpayers--should be providing for their own families. It is long past time to ``end welfare as we know it.''  We need to move beyond political rhetoric, and offer a simple compact that provides people more opportunity in return for more responsibility.  I have a few commonsense criteria which any welfare plan must meet to get my vote: It must require all able-bodied recipients to work for their benefits; it must require teenage mothers to live at home or other supervised setting; it must create a child support enforcement system with teeth so that deadbeat parents support their children; it must establish a time limit so that welfare benefits are only a temporary means of support; it must be tough on those who have defrauded the system--but not on innocent children; and it must give States flexibility to shape their welfare system to their needs, while upholding the important national objectives I have just listed.  The Republican bill fails to meet these criteria. The Republican bill is weak on work. It requires only 4 percent participation in fiscal year 1996, far below the current rate established under the 1988 Family Support Act. It is outrageous that any new work requirement would fall below current law.  Moreover, under the Republican bill, States can count any kind of caseload reduction toward their work participation rate, whether those people are actually working or not. In no way does this practice make recipients responsible, or contribute to a change in their behavior.  The Republican bill denies benefits to children of mothers under 18.  We must make parents--all parents--responsible for taking care of their own children. But denying children support is not the best way to do that. Instead, teenagers should be required to demonstrate responsibility by living at home and staying in school in order to receive assistance.  In order for welfare to be truly reformed, it must send a clear message to all Americans: you should not become a parent until you are able to provide and care for your child. Having a child is an immense lifelong responsibility. Only those capable of and committed to shouldering the responsibility of parenthood should have children.  The Republican bill is tougher on children than it is on the deadbeat dads who leave them behind. The Republicans waited until the last moment to put child support enforcement provisions in their bill--and then removed the teeth that can bring in more than $2.5 billion--over 10 years--for kids. The driver's and professional license revocation provision they deleted would save taxpayers $146 million--over 5 years--while creating a better life for children.  Instead of attacking deadbeats, the Republican bill attacks children. It eliminates the [[Page H3409]] guarantee that every child in this country has at least one good meal a day. Despite rhetoric to the contrary, the Republican bill cuts spending for child nutrition programs $7 billion below the funding that would be provided by current law. The Democratic deficit-reduction amendment was ruled out of order in committee so that kids' food money could be used for tax cuts for the rich.  The Republican bill also changes the child nutrition funding formula to redistribute resources away from relatively poorer States to relatively wealthier ones. Funding for the Women, Infants and Children Program is also reduced compared to current law--and provisions requiring competitive bidding on baby formula have been removed. That decision alone will take $1 billion of food out of the mouths of children each year, and put the money in the pockets of big business.  This simply defies common sense. No one in America could possibly argue that this is reform.  Our foster care system, already overloaded, is also under siege. In committee, Mr. McCrery stated that, ``If a woman just can't find or keep a job, she will have the option to give her children up for adoption, place them in a group setting or foster care.'' Adoption and foster care services are failing our children. At a time when the need for foster care, group homes, and adoption is likely to rise dramatically, the Republican welfare plan would cut Federal support for foster care and adoption by $4 billion over 5 years.  We can do better. We must do better. This week, Democrats will offer Nathan Deal's bill as a substitute, which reinforces the family values all Americans share. It requires and rewards work over welfare. It makes the point that people should not have children until they are ready to support them. It gives people access to the skills they need, and expects work in return. It does not wage war on America's children. Most importantly, it is a common-sense approach, which gives back the dignity that comes with work, personal responsibility, and independence.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4, the Personal Responsibility Act.  Mr. Chairman, I strongly support honest and meaningful welfare reform that gives poor unemployed Americans a real opportunity to work and provide for themselves and their families. All welfare recipients should be given the opportunity to work; those who fail to seize that opportunity should not be rewarded with limitless governmental assistance.  Mr. Chairman, moving recipients off of the welfare rolls and onto a payroll means more than just handing them a copy of the help wanted pages from the local newspaper. Government, working with the private sector which has a real stake in expanding the pool of skilled labor, needs to provide education, job training and child care if we are to be successful in helping welfare recipients become productive gainfully employed citizens.  Mr. Chairman, I agree with President Clinton and many of my colleagues in the majority that argue we must end welfare as we know it. We must reform a welfare system that has trapped millions in a cruel cycle of dependency and despair.  However, ending welfare as we know it does not mean we should completely dismantle the safety net programs that protect our Nation's most vulnerable population: our children. Yet that is exactly what the majority's welfare reform plan would do. H.R. 4 would terminate current child welfare programs, including the child abuse prevention and treatment program, and the adoption assistance program, and replace them with a new State block grant at drastically reduced funding. The School Lunch Program would also be eliminated and replaced by a block grant. No longer would a hungry child be entitled to a nutritious school lunch, often the only decent meal they receive all day.  Unfortunately, under the Republican welfare plan, punishing our children for the unfortunate circumstances or unacceptable behavior of their parents goes much further than denying a child a hot meal or failing to protect them from abuse. H.R. 4 would deny benefits to children born out of wedlock to teenage mothers, and limit benefits to mothers who have additional children while receiving Federal assistance.  Illegitimacy is perhaps the most devastating social and moral dilemma confronting our Nation. Yet turning our backs on the real victims of this problem, the children, is a cruel and simplistic solution that seems to be based more on an effort to save money than to change behavior.  Mr. Chairman, we can require parents to act responsibly and become self-sufficient without abandoning our children. Sadly, H.R. 4 takes a radically different approach and will result in untold pain for our children while creating undesirable incentives for teenagers and mothers on welfare who become pregnant.  New York's Cardinal John O'Connor recently said the welfare plan proposed in the Republican Contract With America is immoral in its virtually inevitable consequences.  Mr. Chairman, children in poverty are not a burden on our society; they are the future of our Nation. We can end welfare as we know it, But we do not have to condemn poor children to do it. I urge my colleagues to defeat this legislation.  