Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment offered by the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tauzin]. I would hope that my friend from North Carolina would reflect upon his raising of this point of order.  I have for a long time been expressing my own concerns about the proposed user fees for inspection and examination of commercial vessels. The final rule was issued by the Department of Transportation on March 18. Despite the fact that the department spent 3.5 years on this rulemaking, I do not believe that it has adequately addressed the concerns of the small businesses. In February 1992 as the department began the rulemaking process, I, and others, expressed concerns to the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Navigation about user fee proposals that were disproportionately high for small vessel operators.  The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tauzin], from his own constituency in Louisiana, has mentioned fees that went over $1,000 for the inspection of small vessels. Small business cannot tolerate, that.  Over the past few years this has continued to be a priority for me and I know for the committee. It certainly has been a priority, Mr. Chairman, for many of the charter boat operators in my own State of Maryland and my district. My district, as the gentleman knows, is bordered by the Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac River, two of the great waterways of our country, and there are many small vessels in southern Maryland that are owned and operated by small businesses. Some are family operations, as the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Coble] knows, that have passed down through the generations.  Mr. Chairman, it makes sense to limit the amount that these small businesses and family-operated operations would pay for their inspections. We are not against inspections, but we want to have a reasonable fee to effect them.  On May 2, I joined with the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tauzin], the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest], and the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. LoBiondo] in reiterating our concern about this issue. In a letter to the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Coble], we noted the Coast Guard has indicated its fee for inspection is about $87 an hour. Mr. Tauzin has referenced how quickly that $87 becomes $587 and then $1,087. Yet small vessel operators are being [[Page H4595]] asked to pay hundreds of dollars for inspections that take less than 1 hour.  I regret the committee did not address this issue. The chairman happens to be a very close friend of mine, and I have great respect for him. I know he cares about this issue. I know that he feels constrained under the rules to raise this point of order, but, Mr. Chairman, if you have to press the point of order, and I would hope you might reconsider, but if you cannot reconsider, I certainly would hope very seriously that you would take the recommendation of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Traficant], and that we pursue this vigorously, so that in the very near future, on one bill or another, we can fix this.  We talk about small businesses, we talk about decreasing regulation, we talk about cutting taxes. Here is a specific example of where we are driving small businesses out of business, family-owned sole proprietorships out of business, because they cannot pay it. This is almost confiscatory.  Mr. Chairman, I want to join with Representative Tauzin in expressing my concern about the proposed user fees for inspection and examination of commercial vessels.  The final rule was issued by the Department of Transportation on March 18. Despite the fact that the department spent 3\1/2\ years on this rulemaking, I do not believe that it has adequately addressed the concerns of small businesses.  In February 1992, as the department began the rulemaking process, I expressed concern to the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Navigation about user fee proposals that were disproportionately high for small vessel operators.  Over the past few years, this has continued to be a priority for me and many of the charter boat operators in my district. Maryland's Fifth Congressional District is bordered by two of our Nation's great waterways--the Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac River.  I regret that the committee did not address this issue in the reauthorization bill. I support the concept of asking those who rely on the Coast Guard to help pay for its services and I remain strongly committed to the Coast Guard's safety inspection program. However, Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that we can ask small vessel operators to pay more than their share.  Mr. Tauzin's amendment places a cap on fees to ensure that they are not excessive. I commend him for bringing this issue to the floor and I hope that all Members will recognize the importance of protecting charter boat and other small vessel operators.  On May 2, I joined with Representatives Tauzin, Gilchrest, and LoBiondo in reiterating our concern about this issue. In a letter to Chairman Coble, we noted that the Coast Guard has indicated that its fee for inspections is about $87 per hour. Yet small vessel operators are being asked to pay hundreds of dollars for inspections that take less than an hour.  There are many small vessels in southern Maryland that are owned and operated by small businesses. Some are family operations that have passed down through the generations.  Mr. Chairman, it makes sense to limit the amount that these small businesses would pay for their inspections.  