Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join the distinguished gentleman from California in supporting H.R. 2527.  This is a measure which allows more efficient and cost-effective procedures and which will substantially benefit both the public and congressional candidates.  H.R. 2527 would require House candidate committees to file directly with the Federal Election Commission, thus eliminating the current procedure of filing first with the Clerk of the House. This would become effective December 31 of this year and will speed up the FEC's ability to receive, process, and disclose campaign committee information. Members would continue to have immediate access to filing data. The media and the public will be able to retrieve candidate committee information in a more timely fashion.  The bill also allows the Commission to receive electronically filed campaign reports from candidates and political committees. At the moment this is not a requirement, strictly a voluntary procedure which will go into effect December 31, 1996.  Finally, as States obtain the necessary retrieval equipment, candidates and committees will no longer have to duplicate all their filings within their respective States. This burdensome redundancy will be eliminated without any loss of information, as all candidate and committee data will be immediately available from the FEC.  There are a number of benefits associated with this legislation. The Clerk's Office has estimated saving some $500,000. States, candidates, and committees will all save money.  But the biggest winner will be the public's more rapid access to campaign reports.  Now there will be some costs to the Federal Election Commission, particularly in the startup and staffing of the point of entry section of the bill.  At our committee hearing on October 25, Chairman Thomas noted that both the authorizing and appropriating committees had set aside $1.5 million in fiscal year 1996 for the FEC to update its internal computer capabilities. The Commission has indicated that it can handle whatever additional costs are required for implementing H.R. 2527 if it has access to this $1.5 million, although, obviously, its internal modernization program will be slowed to the extent these funds are used for other purposes.  There has been some confusion in the various exchanges that have taken place between the Oversight and the Appropriations Committees in order to bring about agreement on this legislation, but I believe we have now reached an understanding.  The minority has made it clear from the beginning that our support for this bill, whose concepts we strongly endorse, is predicated on full funding. No matter how desirable single point of entry is, we are not going to be party to any attempt to further weaken the FEC in carrying out its mandated duties.  We have worked hard to move this legislation forward and we do not want any misunderstandings. The Federal Election Commission has already taken two deep budget cuts--a $1.4 million rescission out of its fiscal year 1995 budget, and over another million cut from its fiscal year 1996 authorization--which was $1.5 million below the Commission's bottom-line request.  Mr. Speaker, last week Chairman Thomas initiated a series of hearings on campaign finance reform legislation. Our first witnesses included the Speaker, the minority leader, and more than a dozen Members. It was an excellent hearing, and there will be more and Chairman Thomas is to be commended.  This bill is a small part of campaign finance reform, but it is a step forward. The ability of the Federal Election Commission to fully carry out its responsibilities of disclosure, audit, and enforcement is a big part of campaign finance reform. The FEC is the public's policeman for campaign contributions and spending. There is no intent that this legislation should in anyway interfere with the Commission's ability to fully perform its duties during the crucial upcoming election year, or to use any funds other than the fenced-off $1.5 million for purposes of implementing this legislation.  At this time, Mr. Speaker, I submit for the Record a statement by the ranking member, the gentleman from California [Mr. Fazio], and a copy of a letter dated November 9, 1995, from the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston], chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, to Mr. Danny McDonald, Chairman of the Federal Election Commission.  