Chairman, my amendment simply provides $1 million in funding for the Law Enforcement Family Support Program. I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rogers], the chairman, who has had the opportunity to review this. I understand it is acceptable to him.  I want to thank the ranking member, the gentleman from West Virginia in working with me to fashion this so it could be effected.  Mr. Chairman, under the Law Enforcement Family Support Program, the Attorney General makes grants to States and local law enforcement agencies and law enforcement organizations to provide family support services to law enforcement personnel. This important program was authorized by the 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act. These grants will allow local law enforcement agencies to provide counseling for law enforcement families, stress reduction programs, post shooting debriefing for officers and their spouses. Law enforcement family services and counseling for families of police killed in the line of duty.  The pervasive nature of job related stress in law enforcement was highlighted in 1986 when a nationwide assessment of law enforcement training needs found that State and local officers in all types and sizes of agencies ranked the need for training in personal stress management as the highest priority.  The law enforcement family support programs places heavy emphasis on family well-being.  All to often, the work of the law enforcement community is overlooked. Everyday, they risk their lives to keep our neighborhoods safe. Everyday, they struggle to uphold justice fairly and equitably. Every day, they work vigorously to remove those who work to terrorize our communities. This hard work places a heavy personal burden on them and their families.  Law enforcement is the single most stressful and dangerous occupation, requiring life and death decision all in a days work. Last year, nearly 160 officers were killed in the line of duty and another 300 took their own lives.  Our police dedicate their lives to and serving our communities. We must do what we can to aid these brave citizens and their families who sacrifice so much for us.  My amendment is fairly funded by reducing the Motor Vehicle Theft Prevention Program to the level it was funded in fiscal year 1995. The committee had zero-funded the family law enforcement programs and I believe this is a more equitable distribution of funds in this time of fiscal constraints. I appreciate the support of the chairman and the ranking member for this amendment and hope my colleagues will join us in aiding the families of our Nation's police.  