Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, we have been relatively rational, reasonable sounding in the course of this day's proceedings. But I want to tell the Speaker and this House there is a great deal of anger in America, not just in my district or that of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Davis], or that of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf], or that of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Moran], or that of the gentlewoman from Maryland [Mrs. Morella], a great deal of anger, I suspect in yours as well, Mr. Speaker, anger that the politicians cannot get it done.  The difference between the last resolution, yes, it was offered by the minority leader, the majority leader of the U.S. Senate, a Republican running for President, and, yes, President Clinton agreed with it as the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf] has pointed out, and our side agreed with it in a bipartisan, nonpartisan, common sense, let us get the Government back to work and stop playing politics with one another.  There is a difference with this resolution. This resolution attempts to muzzle the minority in the Senate.  Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not going to object to this resolution. My friend, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Davis], points out that this is the next best thing. I suggest the best thing is to pass a simple continuing resolution which could have been done in 5 minutes before we left here to go on recess ourselves.  Mr. Speaker, I fear very much that the analogy made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Moran] that this is a 15-foot rope for a 20-foot victim may be apt. It may be correct. And that is a tragedy, and those in America who are angry are angry because they see this as politics as usual, not doing what everybody on this floor has said ought to be done, everybody today has said ought to be done, put the Government back to work while we make the difficult decisions.  But I think the inevitable decision is to get us to balance. I am for that. As everybody knows, I voted for that.  Mr. Speaker, I would hope that in the next few hours, the leadership, who, as the gentleman from Missouri, a decent, honest Member who serves his district and country well, said of the objection on the last amendment, that it was for certain procedural amenities. I appreciate that. That is important to us on the minority side that we cannot offer a unanimous-consent request if they do not agree, and they cannot offer if we do not agree. That is an important principle. I understand that.  But when Americans hear that the Government is shut down because of certain procedural amenities, very frankly, their anger is heightened.  I do not mean to mischaracterize what the gentleman said. The gentleman referred to what both sides feel is an important consideration that each gives to the other. I want to make that clear to the American public. The gentleman honestly and correctly stated that principle.  But, Mr. Speaker, we should in a very simple, straightforward way, with no political objections on either side, pass Majority Leader Dole's resolution clean. Let that be the law, and then let us resolve the difference between us and adopt what I believe that more than two-thirds of this body and, frankly, more than two-thirds of the Senate agree ought to be done, that is, a balanced budget in 7 years honestly scored by CBO so that America and America's children could have a better future.  