Speaker, while I rise in support of the continuing resolution, I want to express my deep regret that the leadership has waited until 3 days prior to the end of the fiscal year to bring this important bill to the floor.  For the last 2 months, the Federal Government has invested an enormous amount of time and effort preparing for a possible shutdown of Government operations beginning this weekend.  While I am glad that this scenario will not occur, I very much regret the leadership's decision to allow millions of dollars to be spent in preparation for such a shutdown.  In addition to the expense, this delay has caused unnecessary worry for Federal employees in Maryland and throughout our Nation who have children to feed and mortgages to pay. Some of my colleagues may have found it amusing rhetoric to talk about a furlough of many of our civil servants, but I believe it is the wrong way to treat those who have committed themselves to public service.  A private company that treated its employees this way could certainly not expect the best and the brightest to stay on staff.  In August I pressed for the Appropriations Committee to hold a hearing on a possible shutdown. While I can think of no more important issue for the committee to consider, we have yet to have a single hearing.  On September 13, during consideration of the Treasury, Postal Service, General Government Appropriations Conference, I offered a continuing resolution to keep the Government operating after September 30.  At that time it was clear that the Congress would not get all of the appropriations measures to the President by the end of the fiscal year. Despite the fact that it was clear then that a crisis was imminent, none of the Republican house conferees supported my motion.  My intention in offering that resolution was to ensure that no Federal employee would be furloughed. I am pleased that the leadership has accepted my contention that no employees should be laid off even if the House or the Senate or both bodies have made substantial cuts in fiscal 1996 funding.  While I join in supporting this measure, I think we should have passed it several weeks ago. Federal employees should not have been forced to wait until today to find out when they might next get a pay check.  