Chairman, I rise in favor of the Hobson amendment and in opposition to the Packard amendment.  First of all, let me speak to the Packard amendment. But, ladies and   gentlemen, I want to speak to all of these made-known amendments. What the Packard amendment says is that none of the funds made available in this act may be obligated or expended for any employee training when it is made known to the Federal official having authority to obligate or expend such funds that such employee training, et cetera, et cetera, made known by whom? Somebody on the street who calls up the official and says, ``Hey, this training is inappropriate?''  Under the ruling of the parliamentarian, ladies and gentlemen of the House, you ought to understand this, you cannot offer such amendment if it requires the Federal official to take any affirmative action. You cannot impose additional duties, which means that the Federal official has no ability to even decide whether this is some crazy person making it known to them.  The fact of the matter is this is a wrong process. This procedure makes no sense, and we ought to stop it.  Now, this is consistent with previous parliamentary rulings. But I would suggest to my friends on the majority side we ought to stop this by rule, because it makes no sense. What if an amendment passed saying, as to the Secretary of Defense, none of the funds appropriated in this bill can be expended if it is made known to the Secretary of Defense that the funds are being inappropriately used against the citizens of ``X'' country? What does ``inappropriately'' mean and ``made known''? By whom?  The gentleman from California [Mr. Packard], I defy you or anybody else to tell me: ``Made known'' by whom? Anybody with any responsibility? Anybody with any brains? Anybody with any knowledge? It does not say. We do not care, apparently. Just ``made known,'' by anybody who may pick up the phone and call and say, ``Hey, this is a problem,'' or some employee disgruntled with the Secretary or the official who wants to disrupt the process, fax them, send them a note, whatever? This is irrational.  That does not mean that the House will not do it. I understand that. But it is irrational.  The Hobson amendment tries to come to grips with a very serious problem in a serious way. That is why I rise to support the Hobson amendment, because what we have, as the gentleman from Michigan indicated, is a very serious problem, and we ought to solve it in a serious way.  