Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, much has been said about the utilization of the economic stabilization fund recently by the President. It is clear that when we talk about constitutional responsibility, it does not mean that the Congress has to act in every instance. It is, I think, not accurate to say that, because the Congress has the ability or power to do something, that it must do something. In point of fact what we all know happened is a majority of the Congress decided that they would just as soon have the President, in concert with the leadership of both parties in the House and the Senate, proceed to address this crisis.  Now we do that on many occasions. We do it in committee when we know there could be amendments offered, but we decide not to offer amendments, or we decide not to bring bills to the floor. I suggest to my colleagues that in a fact that is what has happened in this instance.  Now, as it relates to the amendment itself, I would reiterate that the amendment has the, I think, very sincere flaw, not because the gentleman wanted to have that flaw, but because from a parliamentary standpoint it was necessary for him to include the made-known language if his amendment was to be in order, but, my colleagues of the House, what does this mean that no funds can be spent for any employee, including any employee of the executive office, in connection with the obligation or expenditure of funds in the--stabilization fund when it is, quote, made known to the Federal official to whom such amounts are made available in this act that such obligations or expenditures is for the purpose of bolstering any, not Mexican, any, foreign currency?  What does that mean? Does it mean that one Member out of 435 from the Congress can call up the Secretary of Treasury and say this is being used for the purposes of bolstering a foreign currency? And then preclude that official from taking further action because nothing in here says that the public official must be convinced that that is the fact. Why? Because if that report was required, the amendment would be out of order. Nothing in this amendment requires that the informer who makes it known needs to be credible or that the informer who makes this known need have any information whatsoever on this issue.  