Speaker, I want to express my strong opposition to this omnibus bill. As a supporter of the Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution, I like the title but not the contents.  As the details of this plan are made available to the American people, I believe they will join resoundingly with President Clinton in rejecting this extreme package.  I remain committed to insuring our Nation's fiscal integrity. As I have said before, our obligation to our future and our children demands decisive action to affect a disciplined conduct of the fiscal business of this country.  But this Republican package is not the answer. It is quite simply an attack on the middle class and poor Americans.  It cuts $270 billion from Medicare over 7 years and would force seniors to pay higher part B premiums.  The bill cuts $170 billion from the Medicaid program. This, combined with a cut in the earned income tax credit that is even more severe than in the original House bill, would have dramatic consequences for less-fortunate Marylanders.  The Republican plan for welfare reform, included in this bill, is tougher on kids than it is on deadbeat dads. Their plan is weak on work provisions and ought to be rejected.  The bill before us places a cap on direct student loans and makes major cuts in farm programs.  An especially disturbing provision of this Republican bill is its attack on hard-working Federal employees. The measure saves more than $10 billion from increased taxes on Federal employees and other provisions that will dramatically decrease their benefit packages.  I want to balance the budget and I believe we can do it in 7 years. The Orton-Stenholm substitute which we offered on this floor would have achieved a balanced budget without devastating America's working people. That alternative would have provided more than $850 billion in deficit reduction over seven years through real spending reductions.  Most importantly, the Democratic alternative did not cut funding for seniors and for our children. It was a realistic bill that used honest numbers, shared sacrifice, sound priorities, and common sense to get us to a balanced budget in 2002.  In my view Thomas Jefferson was right when he said:       The question whether one generation has the right to bind      another by the deficit it imposes is a question of such      consequence as to place it among the fundamental principles      of government. We should consider ourselves unauthorized to      saddle posterity with our debts and morally bound to pay them      ourselves.  Balancing the budget is the responsible and the essential thing to do. But the American people should not be fooled that the Republican plan is the best way, the only way, or even an acceptable way to do that.  The Republican measure before us is so severe because of the additional cuts necessary to fund $245 billion in tax breaks. I believe the appropriate time to consider tax reductions is when we have balanced the budget. And, most importantly, I believe those reductions should benefit working Americans, not the wealthiest of Americans.  Mr. Speaker, we have only 2 hours of debate on a measure that, if enacted, would be a major step backwards for our Nation. I am glad the President has committed to vetoing it and I hope that we will defeat it here in the House.  