Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Thomas Jefferson said that the nation that expects to be both free and uneducated expects that which never was and will never be. As a result of that philosophy, America has historically invested in its children, both at the local level, the State level and, yes, at the Federal level as well.  We do so because we believe it is absolutely critical for the success of America's way of life. We believe it is absolutely essential if we are to remain competitive in an increasingly global economy where young people in America are not just in competition with kids from California or Maryland or Florida or Louisiana or Maine or Wisconsin, but are in competition with kids who are educated in Japan, in Germany, in Taiwan, all over the world. Therefore, we have made a commitment to making sure that every one of our children is educated.  The chairman of our committee, Mr. Livingston, has shown a chart at least 15 times now, I think I have seen it. He loves that chart. It is his Head Start chart. It shows how much money we are spending.  My colleagues, the reason that escalated in 1989, and 1990, and 1991, and 1992 and 1993 is because the Congress and President George Bush agreed, we were not doing enough. The bill was not vetoed. In fact, President Bush suggested increases. What the gentleman from Louisiana did not tell my colleagues is that more than 50 percent of the young people in America eligible for Head Start are falling through the cracks, that we are not investing in the over 50 percent of the young people for whom there are no seats in Head Start.  All of us in this Nation lament the fact that so many young people are falling into lives that are negative, that are going to make them tax takers rather than taxpayers. They will not be positive, participating citizens in our community. We see them on television. And we lament and we get angry, and we say, what is happening?  Government clearly cannot do it all. We have got to have parents do a better job in education. We have got to have our schools doing a better job. But we will not solve the problem by disinvestment. A party that believes in the capital system, in the free market system knows full well if you do not invest your capital, you will not get a return. Bottom line.  Now, I only have 4 minutes. The education budget that is presented by this bill would be opposed by the ranking member of this subcommittee, the Republican with whom I served for so many years, Silvio Conte. He would not countenance this bill. And Bill Natcher, the former chairman of this subcommittee, I am aware lamentably, is turning over in his grave.  I said earlier at a press conference that Bill Natcher used to say, ``If you take care of the health of your people and the education of your children, you will continue to live in the strongest and best nation on the face of the earth.''  Now, I am a Democrat. My good friends and colleagues on that side of the aisle could shrug their shoulders, oh, there go the Democrats again. All they want to do is throw money at problems. The States ought to educate people.  My colleagues, let me call to your attention a statement made by Terrel Bell. Most of you will recall this is not a Democrat, this is the Secretary of Education appointed by Ronald Reagan, his first Secretary of Education, when he first came into office, saying that he wanted to have a revolution in this country. Let me tell you what Secretary Bell believes of this budget, not the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey], not the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Hoyer], not the Democratic side of the aisle, but Terrel Bell, the Secretary of Education under Ronald Reagan.  Statement, July 13, 1995: ``The drastic and unwarranted education cuts made in Congress by the House Appropriations Subcommittee,'' this subcommittee, this bill, ``must be restored or we will undercut community efforts to help better educate our children.'' Ronald Reagan's Secretary of Education.  He goes on to stay, Secretary Bell, Secretary of Education under Ronald Reagan, ``I hope the rest of Congress will take a different view.''  We urge you to reject this bill. that is a different view than the subcommittee and committee took.  Listen, my colleagues, what Terrel Bell says: ``The education of our children is too important to fall victim to this attack against education that serves a narrow agenda not supported by those who know and care about education.''  He concludes with this: ``The American people support educational excellence, not political extremism.''  My colleagues, the person calling for the rejection of this bill and opposition to political extremism was Secretary Terrel Bell of the Reagan administration. Reject this bill.  