Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the Conyers-Schumer-Chapman amendment to restore the Cops on the Beat Program. Just a few short months ago, we were on this floor making a commitment to the American people to place 100,000 additional law enforcement officers on the streets of our communities, and to provide the means to our communities to support important prevention programs to help give our kids an alternative to drugs and crime.  But, here we are today with a proposal before us to undue our good efforts. Efforts which have already paid off in community after community. Four of the five counties within my congressional district have already benefited from the Cops on the Beat Program, some as recently as last week. What you are now telling these jurisdictions, is that they have no guarantee that the support guaranteed under the 1994 bill will continue, to pass unamended, that my communities may be forced to reduce their police.  Last year's crime bill was funded by a reduction in the Federal work force. That hits hard in my district. But, my constituents and I recognized and supported the need for additional police. We are not willing, however, to [[Page H1723]] support an effort which will not put cops on the streets in the towns in my district and in yours. As President Clinton said on Sunday, he fought to cut the Federal work force for 100,000 police officers, and nothing less.  Crime is a national problem, and we need a national commitment to the problem. That is why it is so essential that we do not break our commitment for police in our communities and on our streets.  Under this Republican proposal, my communities have no guarantee that while they are dedicating their resources to putting cops on the street and to effective prevention programs that the community next door or across the river will be holding to the same standard. In the Washington area, crime is a regional problem. We must have coordinated efforts to fight crime. The law we passed did that. The proposal before us today would replace a guaranteed initiative with a block grant program with no guarantees at all.  Many mayors around the country support the amendment before us today to keep intact the Cops on the Beat Program. The mayor of the largest city in my State, Mayor Kurt Schmoke, has written to me supporting today's amendment. Mayor Schmoke writes that ``community policing is the keystone of our crime prevention strategies.'' And, that he is opposed to the effort before us today to abandon the goal of 100,000 new police officers.  Mayor Ed Rendell of Philadelphia wrote to the Speaker of the House in support of the Schumer-Conyers amendment. While he supports some of the improvements in H.R. 728, he states that the ``block grant would be even more effective if the Congress adopted the concept contained in the Schumer-Conyers amendment.''  Mr. Chairman, more than half of the police departments in America are now scheduled to receive police hiring grants. It makes no sense to stop this successful program in midstream and give the criminals even more chances to terrorize our neighborhoods and seduce our children into a life of hopelessness.  We are in a state of national emergency. On this floor today, it is time to void the contract and pass the Schumer-Conyers-Chapman amendment and keep the police on the streets.  