Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 260. I am especially troubled that a controversial bill, with bipartisan opposition, would be considered under the Suspension Calendar.  There are some much needed reforms proposed in this bill, including the establishment of a National Park System plan and the requirement for suitability studies of future potential parks.  However, this bill would also seek to sell off much of our Nation's natural, cultural, and recreational heritage: our National Parks.  This bill would create a politically appointed commission whose sole purpose would be to close National Parks for alleged budgetary concerns, not to achieve Park Service reform.  Mr. Speaker, look no further than the recently passed Republican budget for the rationale behind this closure-commission: a 10 percent cut in National Park Service funds, a 5-year land acquisition moratorium, and a 50 percent cut in NPS construction.  This legislation could have a dramatic impact on my Congressional District. My constituency is proud to have three scenic and historically significant park units located within its borders. The pristine environment and preserved historical viewshed of Mount Vernon is captured within the nearly 4,500 acres of Piscataway Park.  This park is just one of the nearly 370 National Parks frequented last year alone by more than 260 million people from the world over.  Greenbelt Park is one of the last truly development-free plots of land left in the Washington Metropolitan Area. This park serves to remind Marylanders of the importance of our environment and our resources.  Mr. Speaker, in addition, I was very proud to have the home of Thomas Stone, an original signer of the Declaration of Independence, located in Charles County designated as a national historic site in 1993.  If we would have lost that historical plot of land, we would almost never have the opportunity to get it back again. All three of these parks, which benefit not only the citizens of the Fifth Congressional District, but also all Americans, would be eligible for closure under this legislation.  However, this House ought not be fooled about the intent of this bill. Members on the other side insist that a park-closure commission is necessary to prioritize for the National Park Service.  What we are in essence telling the Park Service is that you do not know how to do your job--that after years of management and oversight we are now going to go over your heads and let a politically appointed commission decide what to keep open and what to close.  We just create another level of bureaucracy at a time when people are claiming to reduce bureaucracy.  Mr. Speaker, what we need is financial management reform, and enhancement of resource protection efforts. This will enable us to deal with needed Park Service reform without selling off our Nation's most valuable lands and resources.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this short-sighted and very damaging bill so that we can consider commonsense reform that will also protect our Nation's most prized lands.  H.R. 2181, a bipartisan bill sponsored by Representatives Richardson, Boehlert, and Morella does just that while not abandoning our efforts to preserve our Nation's history and beauty.  