Speaker, I thank the gentleman from West Virginia for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Shuster, the ranking Member, the gentleman from California, Mr. Mineta, my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Maryland, Wayne Gilchrest, and the gentleman from West Virginia, Bob Wise, for their strong support and continued assistance in expediting consideration of this bill today.  This resolution authorizes the use of Constitution Avenue between Delaware Avenue and Third Street for the 54th running of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby on July 15, 1995. This competition is part of the All-American Soap Box Derby held later this summer in Akron, OH.  The resolution also authorizes the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police to negotiate a licensing agreement with the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to assure that there will be complete compliance with rules and regulations governing use of the Capitol Grounds.  For the past 4 years, I have proudly sponsored this bill along with regional Members and sports fans. It provides young boys and girls, ages 9 to 16, with an invaluable opportunity to develop and practice both sportsmanship and engineering skills.  This year, over 50 participants from Washington, DC and the surrounding communities of northern Virginia and Maryland are expected to participate in this year's event. I am pleased that boys and girls representing all five counties in my district will be competing in this year's derby.  The Soap Box Derby promotes a positive activity involving our young people. All too often, we hear many disturbing stories about negative activities youth are involved in.  I am reminded of a statement Ken Tomasello, the director of Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association, made to me 4 years ago when I introduced the first resolution for use of the Capitol Grounds. He said, in short, ``while the derby doesn't keep kids off the street, it does give them a drug free activity on the street.''  The young people involved spend many months preparing for this race. The day they actually compete provides them with a sense of achievement and comraderie, not only for themselves but also for their families and friends.  This worthwhile event provides the participants, tourists, and local residents with a safe and enjoyable day of activities. I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate them for their achievements and wish them all well in this year's race.  Again, I want to thank the Transportation Committee for its continued support of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby and I encourage all of my colleagues to attend this year's race.  