Speaker, I will tell the majority leader that we certainly intend to ask the Committee on Rules, and I hope the majority leader and the Speaker who, of course, will advise the Committee on Rules, as we did, as to what they believe to be the appropriate time and rule under which the Medicare bill ought to be considered. But I hope, in all seriousness, that the majority leader and the Speaker would advise the Committee on Rules that a sufficient time be allotted for debate on this bill which gives the Congress the opportunity to fully explore the effects of the legislation on each of its parts on the people of this country and on the budget and on the health care security of our senior citizens.  I would urge the leader to do that this week and next week when we talk to members of the Committee on Rules.  Furthermore, nearly 2 weeks have passed since this body passed a continuing resolution. We have approximately a month remaining until that continuing resolution expires.  To date, only one bill, appropriation bill, has been signed by the President, as we all know, which means that 12 still remain unsigned. The last bill, last week, only one bill has passed the House. As a member of, for instance of the Treasury Postal bill, that bill has been ready, in my opinion, to pass out of conference for the last 15 days. And it is my understanding that the President has indicated, if the bill passes without the Istook amendment, that it will be signed.  Now, it seems to me, the gentleman talked a little bit on NPR this morning about cooperation and about moving ahead on those issues where we could reach agreement. That bill and some other appropriation bills, if they could move forward, we would serve the American public's interest in having their government funded in a timely fashion.  The fiscal year, of course, ended 2 weeks ago. We had no appropriation bills signed by then. And is the majority leader aware of what the plans are to see that appropriation bills move in a timely fashion so that we do not have to be confronted on November 16 with the necessity to pass another continuing resolution?  I know the majority leader in the past has stated his deep concern about continuing resolutions. I tend to share that concern. I am wondering whether or not we have plans to preclude that from happening.  