Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1. But again, I must reiterate my disappointment about the procedure we are using today. I am deeply disappointed that this bill is coming before the House under a closed rule. Not very long ago, the new chairman of the Rules Committee, my friend from New York said that when he admonished members about the use of closed rules, that our Republican friends were ``not simply engaging is some procedural or partisan tantrum. We are instead'' he said, ``trying to warn against what we perceive as the deliberate decline of democracy in this House.'' (April, 2, 1993). It is somewhat shocking, after all the speeches, that on the first day of the new Republican run House we are proceeding under a closed rule.  However, it is important today that we are moving forward on a bill, that has been blocked for too long. The House passed this bill, essentially, twice in the last Congress only to see our efforts thwarted by Republican led efforts in the Senate. The Democratic and the Republican Members of the House want this bill and want it to move forward. On this point, there is great bipartisan agreement.  [[Page H75]] We have gone a long way toward making sure that the Congress lives under the same laws as any other American. Most pieces of legislation we have passed apply to Congress. The Americans With Disabilities Act which I proudly cosponsored specifically applies to Congress as did the Civil Rights Act, the Minimum Wage Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act. The House has also had in place, since 1988, prohibitions against employment discrimination.  H.R. 1 will ensure that all Members of the Congress--not just House Members--live under all of the laws we pass and do so permanently, not just as an internal House rule but as an ironclad law.  I cannot tell you how many times I have had businessmen and women complain that Congress passes laws and then simply exempts itself. They are frustrated. They want us to share the same challenges they have when they try to start a business, or try to create new jobs for their community. They need and deserve to know that we live up to the same standards that we expect from them, and afford our employees the same protections that any other American worker deserves.  Most of my constituents did not know that the Congressional Accountability Act passed the House last year by a vote of 427 to 4. They did not know because the Senate failed to act to make it law. In early September, I wrote to urge the Senate committee on Government affairs to have the Senate act promptly. I told them that the Congress could never engender trust among the American people until the Congress lives by the same rules as the rest of the Nation. When the Senate did not act, we made congressional accountability part of the House rules.  But the American people deserve something more than an internal House rule--they deserve an ironclad law passed by and applying to both Houses of Congress.  I want to go home and tell those constituents that we have answered their plea. I want to tell them that we meet the same requirements that they do--that we follow the same laws they follow from OSHA to fair labor standards. I want to tell them that our employees have the same protections theirs do, from anti-age discrimination to family and medical leave. Perhaps the shared experience will help us write better, more careful laws. Just as importantly, this is about common sense, trust and accountability. That is why we are all here, late into the evening, finishing the work which began in the last Congress. I hope all my colleagues will join me in moving forward on H.R. 1.  