Speaker, 2\1/2\ minutes is insufficient time to correct all the misstatements, I am sure, that the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston] made just now, so I will not endeavor to do that.  Mr. Speaker, we need to understand what we are doing. We are continuing to play games. The Committee on Rules has reported out this resolution, which they purport to be the President's provision in response to their reconciliation. Everybody honestly knows that is not the case.  This is the Republican reconciliation bill. Does anybody in this House believe this is an analogous document? Does anybody believe this is an analogous, fair, alternative proposal that the Republicans are putting on the floor? Does anybody? I do not believe it.  Mr. Speaker, these are six bills, smaller than the bill that I just raised. They are the appropriation bills that would run Government if we could pass them. The gentleman from Louisiana just got on the floor recently and said, ``Where is the Labor-Health bill? It is being filibustered in the Senate.'' Why? Not on the money issue, but because they put an extraneous provision on that bill called strikebreaker so that people can be fired without notice.  Mr. Speaker, I understand that is their position. We do not agree with it. But it should not be on that bill and it should not be on any one of these six. We ought to make them law.  Mr. Speaker, this is a continuing resolution. It is simple and it says we will continue to operate Government. While we debate the differences we have in this bill, we will pass this simple bill and say America is paying for its Government, and we are going to deliver it.  Mr. Speaker, we could pass this simple little resolution in 5 minutes. We have already passed one twice. We will take the figures that our Republican colleagues put in their resolution last time and simply say, Let us go to January 3 or 17 or 29, and then let us try to figure out, as adults, as responsible Americans sent here to represent our fellow citizens, how do we resolve the differences in this bill? But it is the failure to pass this one that has shut down parts of Government. That brings no credit to us or to this institution.  