Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I said yesterday that we started this Congress with the Contract With America. There were 10 items essentially. Two out of the first three talked about responsibility. The first item talked about responsibility. The third item talked about personal responsibility. I tell my friends on the Republican side of the aisle that this bill is neither fiscally responsible nor it is personally responsible; and, yes, we ought to be ashamed of playing with the credit of the United States of America as we are doing.  This is not a serious attempt at responsible Government. It contains extraneous matters unrelated to the critical issue of making sure America pays it bills. Every American thinks its Government ought to do that.  But that's not what we're doing today. This bill is loaded down with unrelated provisions that have nothing to do with the problem before us and will cause the President to veto this legislation.  Just like yesterday's continuing resolution, which the President has also indicated he will veto, this is not a serious attempt at responsible Government.  I am afraid that the message to Federal employees is: Don't consider this a holiday weekend because you may not have a job next week.  The Republican leadership seems determined to close down Government operations.  They are taking the CR and the debt limit extension down the path to the same fate as many of the appropriations bills--stuck in the mud of political partisanship.  This Government is not put at risk by this irresponsibility with which we are confronted today. They want to up Social Security and Medicare payments by $151 per recipient in this bill. That ought to be debated fully. Habeas corpus, that may be a good bill, but it is not subject to having an impact on the debt of the United States. Eliminate the Commerce Department, a 200-page bill that the President disagrees with. You put at risk the credit of the United States.  This debt limit extension measure also limits the Secretary of the Treasury's ability to manage Federal employee investments in the thrift savings plan as well as their retirement fund.  These provisions have nothing to do with allowing the Treasury Department to continue to borrow money.  Auctions have already been canceled because of the Republican leadership's failure to act.  I am gravely concerned about the impact of not passing a CR and debt limit extension on Federal employees. They have been attacked again and again in this Congress and now the leadership is threatening to send them home on furlough.  Those in the Congress who claim to be Federal employee advocates and then vote for these extreme measures are, in my opinion, undermining the security of those Federal employees whom they claim to represent.  This is not a rhetorical issue. This is real fear for civil servants who have families to feed and mortgages to pay. The lives of Federal employees are once again being thrown into chaos as the Republicans pursue their extreme agenda.  Ladies and gentlemen of this House, ladies and gentlemen of America, this bill is a patently petty political terrorist tactic. That is what it is. An attempt to force the President of the United States to adopt things that you cannot get through your own Senate, not just the Congress. This bill adopts tactics that put America as a hostage to an extremist agenda.  