Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, we have had a debate, and we have talked about an emotional, wrenching issue. Previously, the gentlewoman from Michigan [Ms. Rivers] said we have a legal medical procedure. You can refer to it however you want. It depends upon your perspective. This is not a taxpayer's issue. CBO says we will pay the same thing for insurance policies with or without this coverage. Our contribution will be the same. The taxpayer will not be asked to pay one additional nickel.  Yes, the taxpayer pays for the Federal health benefit, but the taxpayer also pays for the salary. Who rises here to say that a Federal employee may not spend their salary money as they see fit on legal objectives in this country? Who here rises to say that?  Apparently, Mr. Chairman, nobody rises to say that.  The fact of the matter is, employees, as I said at the beginning of this debate, have a compensation package. It is composed of three parts: Salary, health benefits, and retirement. Who rises here to say that the retirement of a Federal employee, because it comes, obviously, from taxpayers and the Federal Treasury, cannot be spent except in the way that we tell them to do on legal objectives?  That is what this issue is about, the denigration of Federal employees as employees and as citizens of this country. That is what this debate is all about, Mr. Chairman.  The issue of abortion would be raised if we precluded that from being purchased by anybody, Federal employees or others. But that is not what this issue says. It says if a Federal employee is raped or becomes pregnant as a result of incest, that their health care policy cannot cover that. Who here rises to say that that is a policy that we ought to pursue?  Mr. Chairman, I would hope that we could step back from the passion of this issue, of the strongly held convictions and what I believe to be absolutely justifiable perspectives that Members on both sides of this issue have. It is a difficult issue for Government to deal with.  But I think it is not a difficult issue to say that Federal employees will be in the same position as every other American when they purchase a health care policy. Their employer will pay a portion of the premium, they will pay a portion of the premium, and they will select a policy of their choice.  I would hope that we would expunge this language from the bill.  