Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Gilchrest amendment to the Duncan amendment. Mr. Gilchrest is the chair of the subcommittee that has jurisdiction over this project. The gentleman said that it was technically authorized. I do not know what ``technically'' is, but it is authorized, but it has not had a prospectus. I support the gentleman's amendment.  Let me say something about the Taxpayers Union, let me say something about waste to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bunning], my friend. The fact of the matter is that this consolidation was approved by the Bush administration, proposed by an appointee of President Bush's administration, not by Democrats.  Mr. Chairman, I support their proposal and I would ask the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Duncan] to listen to this, because I believe the gentleman from Tennessee must know that this proposal, long-term, saves the taxpayers at least a billion dollars.  The fact of the matter is that this consolidation is bringing together two components. This money deals with the component I suggest to my friends from Tennessee and Kentucky, that is not controversial. The testimony that the gentleman referred to before our committee by C. Boyden Gray, the former counsel to the previous Republican administration, said that this matter was not controversial. The Cato Institute also said that. Why? Because it is the drug component with which this money really does not deal that is the controversy.  The food component was determined to be in Prince George's County because of its proximity to the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, the premier agricultural research center in the world. And it made sense to put in proximity the food research scientists and the food safety scientists and so that is what they proposed.  What the Gilchrest amendment says is, Mr. Duncan's point was made, our committee ought to look at this. I agree with Mr. Gilchrest. That is correct.  But let there be no mistake, the Taxpayers Union may score this and they will be wrong. They will be wrong because to consolidate FDA saves at least, over the next 30 years, at least $1 billion. This is a savings. I urge my colleagues to vote for the Gilchrest amendment and against the Duncan amendment.  