Speaker, Woodrow Wilson in a speech about President Abraham Lincoln, while he was President of Princeton University, said, ``A great nation is not led by a man who simply repeats the talk of the street-corners or the opinions of the newspapers. A nation is led by a man who hears more than those things; or who, rather, hearing those things, understands them better, unites them, puts them into a common meaning; speaks, not the rumors of the street, but a new principle for a new age; a man in whose ears the voices of a nation do not sound like accidental and discordant notes that come from the voice of the mob, but concurrent and concordant like the united voices of a chorus, whose many meanings, spoken by melodious tongues, unite in his understanding in a single meaning and reveal to him a single vision, so that he can speak what no man else knows, the meaning of the common voice. Such is the man who leads a great, free, democratic nation.''  Such was the man called Yitzhak Rabin. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues and this nation in expressing its sorrow and grief over the untimely and tragic death of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. I also join in condemning the callous assassination of this true warrior for peace in the Middle East.  Prime Minister Rabin was one of those people throughout the world who looked beyond an immediate electoral victory and took risks to ensure that Israel's children could someday live without the immediate threat of war. His positions were at many times unpopular, yet the soldier in him continued the fight for peace. His continuous efforts for peace earned him the Nobel Peace Prize and the admiration of millions the world over. Unfortunately, his commitment to peace also made him countless enemies. And it was these enemies that took our friend, Yitzhak away from us.  Of all those who eulogized Prime Minister Rabin, none I believed moved us as much as Yitzhak's 17-year-old granddaughter, Noa Ben-Artzi Philosof, when she spoke of her grandfather, ``Your appreciation and your love accompanied us every step down the road, and our lives were always shaped by your values. You, who never abandoned anything, are now abandoned. And here you are, my ever-present hero, cold, alone, and I cannot do anything to save you. You are missed so much.''  Mr. Speaker, we will all miss Yitzhak Rabin--a courageous leader who gave his life to create not only a better life for Israel, but for the world over. An old Proverb states that ``Good men must die, but death cannot kill their names.'' Yitzhak Rabin's name will live on in the name of peace in the Middle East. Shalom Yitzhak. Shalom Israel.  