 President, I would like to thank the chairman of   the committee, Senator Thurmond, and the ranking minority member, Senator Nunn, for their assistance and cooperation in developing this compromise agreement on the operational support airlift [OSA] aircraft issue.  This amendment deals with the 600 executive aircraft and VIP helicopters operated by the Department of Defense [DOD]. These are called OSA aircraft.  I think we have succeeded in working out a reasonable compromise on the OSA issue.  When I first began discussing the issue, I was recommending a 50-percent cut in the OSA fleet.  But from day 1, I never claimed to have the magic solution. The 50 percent figure was nothing more than a starting point.  I just wanted to see us take a significant first step down the road toward downsizing the OSA fleet.  Mr. President, the idea of downsizing the OSA fleet was not dreamed up by Chuck Grassley.  My thinking on this issue is based on a mountain of studies and analyses--all prepared by the DOD.  All the studies point in one direction: cut the OSA fleet.  In February 1993, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Colin Powell, recommended that the OSA fleet be cut.  In September 1994, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General McPeak, recommended that the OSA fleet be cut.  Then in May 1995, the DOD Commission on Roles and Missions recommended that the OSA fleet be cut.  Well, the Roles and Missions Commission was chaired by Mr. John P. White.  Right after Mr. White made those recommendations, he became the Deputy Secretary of Defense.  So cutting the OSA fleet is not Chuck Grassley's idea.  The idea of cutting the OSA fleet is coming directly from the top at the Pentagon.  Chuck Grassley is just trying to do what these top DOD officials say must be done. That's it.  Mr. President, this issue has been studied to death.  It's time to make some cuts.  This is where the rubber meets the road.  The only question is this: How do we do it?  How should the cuts be made?  The compromise agreement embodied in this amendment starts us down the road toward downsizing the OSA fleet.  It gets us headed in the right direction.  It directs DOD to develop a plan to carry out the recommendations of the Commission on Roles and Missions.  It directs DOD to identify excess OSA aircraft and to develop a plan for disposing of those aircraft.  It directs DOD to prescribe regulations that would require the use of commercial airlines for routine official travel.  And those regulations must not require the use of OSA aircraft by any particular class of personnel.  The compromise agreement would curtail OSA flight operations by 15 percent in fiscal year 1996.  The reduction in operations would also apply to helicopter flights in the National Capital region.  The amendment contains a device to encourage DOD to submit its plan for downsizing the OSA fleet in a timely manner.  Fifty percent of all OSA funds in the bill are fenced until the plan is submitted to Congress.  Again, Mr. President, I thank the chairman and ranking minority member for their help in crafting this compromise agreement.  I would also like to thank a member of the committee staff, Mr. Steve Madey, for his persistence and determination. His efforts were instrumental in shaping the final agreement.  We can revisit the issue next year after we have had an opportunity to assess how well the DOD plan is working.  