 President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Dan Glickman for the position of Secretary of Agriculture. Mr. Glickman is uniquely qualified to lead the Department of Agriculture through this vital time in its history.  For the first time in my career serving in Congress, the very existence of the farm programs is being debated. In past farm bill debates, we have vigorously debated the content and substance of the farm program. But this year we are debating whether any type of farm program is justified.  Some in the agricultural community view this debate as an assault on the traditional way of providing for a stable food supply and a strong agriculture sector. I view this debate as an opportunity to make our case for agriculture. Agriculture contributes 16 percent to this country's gross national product. The United States continues to export more agriculture products than it imports. So in a time when the United States suffers from a substantial trade deficit, agriculture continues to enjoy a trade surplus.  Dan Glickman is well qualified to argue the case in favor of continuing the farm programs. Others have spoken of Mr. Glickman's 18 years in Congress and his work on three prior farm bills. While representing the Fourth Congressional District in Kansas, Mr. Glickman was a champion for the wheat and feed grains programs. Mr. Glickman knows the details of the farm programs, and more importantly, he understands why the country needs to provide a safety net for the family farm system.  I would like to address one issue that Dan has championed from his first days in Congress, an issue in which I also strongly believe. One of the first bills Dan introduced in Congress was a bill to promote the increased use of ethanol, a form of fuel manufactured with the use of corn. From his first days in Congress, Dan advocated the use of alternative fuels in order to promote new uses of agricultural products and promote national security interests by reducing the U.S. dependency on foreign oil. Later, Dan served on the National Alcohol Fuels Commission where he continued to support this vital cause. I urge him to continue to work hard for the interests of alternative uses of agricultural products, and specifically the increased use of ethanol.  Another issue that I would like to urge Dan Glickman to focus on in his [[Page S4844]] term as Secretary is foreign trade. As I stated earlier, agriculture enjoys a trade surplus. Furthermore, the early evidence indicates that farmers have greatly benefited from recent free-trade agreements such as GATT and NAFTA. I understand that Mr. Glickman's record has been supportive of agricultural trade, although he felt it necessary to vote against the GATT for other reasons. I would just urge Mr. Glickman to do everything within his authority to open new markets for U.S. agricultural exports. As chairman of the Finance Subcommittee on International Trade, I would be happy to work with him on this endeavor.  In closing, I would reiterate my support for the nomination of Daniel Glickman for Secretary of Agriculture and look forward to working with him in his new position.  