 President, my amendment is not controversial. I believe it has been cleared on both sides.  My amendment addresses the $30 billion unmatched disbursement problem at the Department of Defense or DOD.  My amendment continues to ratchet down the thresholds at which DOD must match a disbursement with an obligation before making a payment.  Under Section 8137 of last year's bill, Public Law 103-335, any disbursement over $5 million has to be matched with its corresponding obligation before a payment could be made.  The $5 million threshold took effect about a month ago, on July 1, 1995.  We know that the DOD Comptroller, Mr. John Hamre, is wrestling with the problem. We know he is doing his very best to comply with the law.  He tells us he is doing it.  And there is no reason why he cannot do it.  We know, for example, that one of the major DOD contract payment centers, the one at Columbus, OH, processes about 2,200 invoices per year that exceed $5 million.  There is no reason in the world why DOD's vast army of bookkeepers cannot make the necessary matches on 2,200 payments per year.  That is a small number.  It is a modest threshold.  Well, on October 1, 1995, the law ratchets the threshold down even further.  On that date, any payment over $1 million must be matched with its corresponding obligation before a payment is made.  That threshold just keeps us marching in the right direction, toward the zero threshold goal.  That is where all DOD disbursements are matched with their corresponding obligations before payment.  That is where DOD needs to be.  At the $1 million threshold, DOD has to make matches on about 12,300 invoices.  Mr. President, with 25,834 employees, I think DFAS, the Defense Finance and Accounting Service, should be able to make matches on 12,300 invoices.  We need to keep the pressure on.  DOD must develop a capability to match all disbursements with obligations in advance of making payments.  We must keep marching down the road toward that goal.  My amendment today would lower the threshold one more notch, to $500,000, effective October 1, 1996.  That is one year from now.  That is plenty of time to automate the linkages between DOD's check writing machine and the accounting ledgers and contracting books.  There is a breakdown of electronic communications between DOD disbursing and accounting.  That is the problem Mr. Hamre is trying to fix. He is trying to integrate the two operations.  We want to help him do it, but at the same time, we need to keep the pressure on.  At the $500,000 level, DOD will need to make payments on about 25,000 invoices per year.  His interim Electronic Data Interchange System should be up and running by the time the $500,000 threshold kicks in.  Matching 25,000 invoices should then be a piece of cake.  Mr. President, I have raised so much fuss over the unmatched disbursement problem for one reason.  The $30 billion in unmatched disbursements tells me there are no effective internal controls over a big chunk of the DOD budget.  This means that those accounts are vulnerable to theft and abuse.  The recent cases at Reese Air Force Base, TX, and the DFAS Center in Norfolk, VA, brought this problem home hard.  Two crooks were able to tap into the DOD money pipe undetected and steal millions of dollars over a period of several years.  Both individuals were caught only by chance because of outrageous personal behavior.  They were able to steal millions of dollars for one simple reason.  DOD does not do very basic accounting work before making a payment.  The check writing machine is on autopilot.  The money goes out the door. Then DOD begins to worry about matching.  DOD tries to make the matches after the fact, often long after the fact.  By waiting months or even years to make the matches, supporting documentation disappears.  It is missing. Or worse, it does not exist.  Either way, without supporting documentation, DOD does not know whether the payment is legitimate. Without documentation, it could be fraudulent.  Until the matches are made, we do not know whether a payment is legitimate or fraudulent.  So it was easy for the crooks in Texas and Virginia to operate undetected.  Mr. President, that is why we need to take the next step and put the $500,000 threshold in place.  If we go step by step, we will eventually get to the point were there are effective, but very basic, internal control devices in place.  I thank my friend from Alaska, Senator Ted Stevens, and my friend from Hawaii, Senator Inouye, for backing me up on this issue.  Their support is crucial to getting the job done. They have been behind me 100 percent. I appreciate all the good support.  They held a hearing on the issue on May 23. They understand it and know how important it is.  A year from now we can review the situation and make adjustments if needed.  Mr. President, I hope the committee is prepared to accept my amendment.  I simply want to thank the chairman and the ranking members, not only for their cooperation this year but this is building on cooperation I had from the chairman and ranking member last year on my attempts to bring some discipline to the matching of disbursements with checks being written. This does build on what we did last year, I think in a very responsible way.  I suppose the taxpayers might say it is too timid of a way, that we have a major problem, and we will work at it slowly to get it accomplished. This amendment is one more step. I thank the managers for their cooperation.  