 President, without repeating what my good friend from Ohio, Senator Glenn, had to say about our respect in this body for the views of Senator Byrd, I would just simply say that I associate myself very much with the remarks of Senator Glenn. I would like to make some commentary on the issues raised by the distinguished Senator from West Virginia and follow along on what the Senator from Ohio has said. Our intent as we approach the writing of this legislation is to be very cognizant of the separation of powers and constitutional arguments that can be made.  One of the first points that was made is that these laws already apply to Congress, or at least some of these laws apply to Congress. As to those that do not apply to Congress, Senators have a responsibility to make a conscientious effort to make sure that the principles of the law are applied out of a matter of fairness to those employees that are working for Congress as an institution or working for individual Senators.  The laws that now apply to Congress do so in a way that is, in a sense, in name only. I have been involved with the application of some of these laws because I had what I considered a major victory at the time to get civil rights laws applied to Congress in the fall of 1991. But the remedies that we provided were not the same remedies for Hill employees that private-sector employees have.  So I say that the law applies kind of in name only. It is on paper. But the absence of the identical remedy for employees of Capitol Hill makes current coverage inadequate.  The agency that we set up here, the Office of Compliance, is a single agency that does not make policy for the two houses of Congress. No rule can be adopted without the concurrence of the membership of the body to whom the rule applies, and there is no infringement upon the independence of the Senate on the one hand, the independence of the House on the other hand, or the constitutional principle that each House can adopt its own rules.  There is a separation of powers. But constitutional analysis is not so general as to say that the Supreme Court will decide a case based upon an argument that the separation of powers has been violated. The claim must be more specific than that.  In the case law, the Supreme Court refuses to strike down legislation on the broad argument that it somehow violates constitutional separation of powers. Specific constitutional provisions must be cited, notwithstanding the novelty of the arrangement that we have set up in this legislation. The Supreme Court's decision upholding the constitutionality of the Sentencing Commission and the independent counsel--these have been court cases within the last 5 or 6 years--demonstrates this point.  In my opening statement, I mentioned that executive branch employees have some of the same rights that we want to now give to Hill employees under existing legislation we have already applied to the private sector.  Well, when an executive branch employee's rights are in question, these rights are protected by the judicial branch. It is as simple as this: no one has ever found judicial enforcement of the rights of executive branch employees to be unconstitutional. So my good friend, who spoke eloquently on this point, said that the judicial branch should not enforce a decision against a Member of Congress or Congress as an institution because it violates separation of powers. Nobody raises that argument when the judicial branch enforces an executive branch employee's right under existing law; so why should that be a problem for applying those laws to us? An independent, impartial person, or the institution of the judiciary protects the rights of executive branch employees. No one questions this.  And there has never been an impasse between the executive branch and the judiciary when any of these cases has been decided. When President Nixon was ordered to comply with a court decision during Watergate, pure and simple, he did. If the President of the United States can obey a judge's decision saying that the most powerful executive in the entire world must obey a court order, then why would we as individual Members of Congress have any question whatsoever if we have done something wrong and the independent judiciary or any one of its judges made a decision and issued an order enforced upon a Member of Congress.  The only way, then, that there could be an impasse between Congress and the judiciary is if Congress refused to comply with the Court order interpreting the Constitution. It is one thing for opponents of this legislation to argue that Congress should be above the law, and, of course, I disagree with that; but it is breathtaking to argue that Congress should be above the Constitution.  The board's determinations regarding bargaining units and covered employees under collective bargaining and overtime will not take effect until Members of Congress themselves approve the regulations. And I have faith that for all the reasons that have been expressed by the Senator from West Virginia that Congress is different, long hours are expected, that when we deal with these regulations, my colleagues will act to preserve their constitutional responsibilities. The board is unelected, but the board that governs the Office of Compliance that will write the regulations is not unaccountable, and it is not uncontrollable.  The bill addresses separation of powers as well, by providing for legislative branch, rather than executive branch enforcement. The bill was crafted to take into account constitutional issues, and I believe the courts would permit Congress to exercise these powers against its own activities. Moreover, the bill expressly prevents waiver of any congressional prerogative.  One last point that I want to make is that there was reference to the Browning case, decided by the D.C. circuit in 1986. That was a case where there was a discharge of an official reporter at the House of Representatives, and it was challenged by that reporter. The Court held the congressional defendant to be immune under the speech and debate clause. The standard was ``whether the employee's duties were directly related to the due functioning of the legislative process,'' and ``if the employee's duties are such that they are directly assisting Members of Congress in the discharge of their functions, personnel decisions affecting them are legislative and shielded from judicial scrutiny.''  If Members heard during the previous speeches that Browning may effect what we can do here on congressional coverage to protect our employees because they might be an extension of our legislative duties, under the speech and debate clause, you should observe that the Supreme Court, 2 years later, [[Page S640]] in 1988, issued an opinion that requires Browning to be revisited. And here the Court was deciding what is referred to as the Forrester case. This case unanimously held that a State court judge did not have judicial immunity in a suit for damages brought by a probation officer whom that judge had fired. The Court explained that in determining whether immunity attaches to a particular official action, it applied a--this is their words--``functional approach.'' And then, ``Under that approach we examine the nature of the functions with which a particular official or class of officials has been lawfully entrusted, and we seek to evaluate the effect and exposure that particular forms of liability would have on the appropriate exercise of those functions. Officials who seek exemption from personal liability have the burden of showing that such an exemption is justified by overriding considerations of public policy.''  Thus, it is ``the nature of the function performed, not the identity of the actor who performed it, that informs our immunity analysis.''  So you can see that in Forrester, the Supreme Court is telling us that the Browning decision is not as compelling as it was for the 2 years before the Forrester case came before the Supreme Court.  I yield the floor.  