 President, this amendment will require 60 votes to waive the requirement in S. 1 of a published statement on the direct costs of the Federal mandates.  I want to make something clear to my amendment so that it does not get confused with a much stronger amendment, what is my understanding will be offered by Senator Gramm. Because my amendment does not require 60 votes to waive the requirement in S. 1 to pay for unfunded Federal mandates, that is the goal of other amendments, I am sure, we will be discussing. My amendment might be confused because it does have a 60-vote requirement in it. That requirement is to the simple waiving of the requirements in S. 1 to obligate what is a much more simple approach, the original estimate from the Congressional Budget Office of the costs of the Federal mandates.  In other words, let me make clear: it is one thing to have an amendment before this body that we would have to have majority to waive the requirement of a mandate; but it is quite another thing to have a 60-vote requirement just to waive the CBO doing the estimate of what might be the cost of a mandate.   [[Page S1408]] My amendment does the latter, not the former. I do not oppose the former. I understand that there is lots of opposition to going to the 60 votes. I presume that there is even opposition to have a have majority to even waive having CBO even do some estimating.  It seems to me, Mr. President, that it is one thing to have a supermajority that we are going to go ahead even though we do not fund the mandate. But it seems to me that we cannot intellectually and honestly approach the subject of public policy without knowing what that cost is.  My amendment would simply make it more difficult for this body to avoid even finding out what a particular mandate is going to cost. I would like to have that be a supermajority because it seems to me that there is no way we can defend passing mandates or maybe even any other public policy without knowing what that cost is.  I will have, Mr. President, further to say on each of these amendments at a future time this afternoon and particularly on the first amendment that I have sent to the desk. Senator Snowe, the new Senator from the State of Maine, has been very helpful to me on this amendment and she would like to speak a few minutes on that amendment. I yield the floor.  