 President, I yield myself 10 minutes off the bill to speak on the budget issue and the defense issue.  Mr. President, next week some time, I presume it would be Senators from both sides of the aisle, but I am sure it will be led by some Senator from my side of the aisle, we will discuss the issue of increasing the Senate Budget Committee's numbers for defense.  I do not want to speak directly to that point, but I want to set the stage for my position that I think is very unwise to do that. I will want to say in connection with some of the remarks I am going to say that there is an article in the Washington Post today on the Federal page where it refers to Senator Glenn, and I agree totally with Senator Glenn.  He was holding a hearing on the bad accounting practices of the Defense Department. It refers to Senator Glenn this way:       Glenn, who held hearings this week on the subject, lamented      the fact that while his colleagues worry about budgetary      restraints, so few of them have been interested in the      Pentagon's wasteful financial practices.  Senator Glenn spoke about the wasteful financial practices. I have spoken on that subject many times. I thank Senator Glenn for his leadership.  I want to take a few moments to express concern abut a new policy that is being pushed by the comptroller at the Department of Defense, Mr. John Hamre. I think, basically, Mr. Hamre is trying to do a lot of good but he is running into a cement wall on many of the things he is trying to accomplish.  His plan undermines the case for pushing up the defense budget. Mr. Hamre is proposing just to write off--just write off--billions of dollars of unmatchable disbursements. Now, unmatchable disbursements are expenditures that he says he cannot link to supporting documentation, so he is really ready to throw in the towel and to write them off the books.  The Armed Services Committee held hearings, and I refer to Senator Glenn on this and related matters. The defense appropriations subcommittee is going to hold similar hearings next Tuesday.  Not being a member of either committee, I am unable to participate in those discussions.  But because of my intense interest in the subject, the chairman of the Defense Subcommittee, my good friend Senator Ted Stevens, invited me to submit a statement for the record.  So, I would now like to share my thoughts on this issue with my colleagues.  I think the issue has a direct bearing on the proposal to pump up the defense budget, which will be an issue next week, I think.  I am deeply troubled by Mr. Hamre's proposal. [[Page S6965]]   Allowing him to write off billions of dollars of unmatchable disbursements would set a dangerous precedent.  Allowing him to write off billions of dollars of unmatchable disbursements underscores the continuing lack of effective internal financial controls at the Defense Department.  I fear that there is a near total breakdown of internal controls at the Pentagon, and this leaves the Department's accounts vulnerable to theft and abuse. That really bothers me.  One of the most elementary ways to maintain internal control over money is to match disbursements with obligations.  Unfortunately, this very basic financial control device is largely ignored by disbursing officers at the Pentagon--even though DOD has had a longstanding policy, specifying that potential payments must be matched with obligations before a payment is made.  The extent to which DOD accounts are vulnerable to theft and abuse is truly frightening.  The latest figures provided by the General Accounting Office [GAO] indicate that DOD has $29 billion in problem disbursements--mostly unmatched disbursements. That means DOD does not know how $29 billion was spend. DOD does not know what was bought with the $29 billion. Even though it might be legal, they still do not know exactly where it was spent.  Until the proper matches are made, those responsible for controlling the money at the Pentagon do not know how the $29 billion was used.  They do not know whether the $29 billion in payments were all legitimate.  They do not know whether the $29 billion in payments were in the correct amounts or whether there were underpayments, overpayments, or even erroneous payments, for instance, to the wrong persons or businesses. They do not know whether the payments were fraudulent. They do not know whether money is being stolen.  Despite all Mr. Hamre's hard work, and I compliment him for a lot of the work he has done to clean up the mess and fix the problem, the mess seems to me to be getting worse by the day.  New problems crop up faster than old ones can be resolved.  In frustration, Mr. Hamre is now moving toward a solution that I consider dangerous and unprecedented. His proposed solution needs close scrutiny.  Mr. Hamre wants to write off a substantial number of problem disbursements.  Mr. Hamre is now telling Congress that some of the problem disbursements can never be matched. They are unmatchable disbursements, in a sense.  In some cases, disbursements are unmatchable because all the supporting documentation has been destroyed.  The audit trail is cold. It leads nowhere. In other cases, the documentation is so poor that it would take an inordinate amount of time and money to make the fiscal hookups. It is just too much trouble and too costly to make the proper matches. So the answer is just write it off.  Mr. Hamre also suggests that the inspector general and the general counsel agree that the write-off procedure is the only viable option.  Mr. President, if Mr. Hamre asked Congress for authority to write off 1 or 10 billion dollars' worth of unmatchable disbursements, it would not be so bad--if heads would roll of those responsible for the bad mangement. But that does not seem to be the pattern.  Writing off billions of dollars of unmatchable disbursements would be an insult to the citizens of this country.  This money was taken out of the pockets of hard working American taxpayers, and the Pentagon bureaucrats say it is just too much trouble to find out how their money was spent.  Mr. President, could you imagine how the IRS would treat a citizen who claimed to have no documentation for $100,000 of income? The IRS would say: ``We know you got that money. You pay the tax. Period. End of discussion.''  But not with the DOD.  We should hold the Pentagon bureaucrats to the same standard that the IRS holds the taxpayers to. The DOD should have to play by the same rules imposed on the taxpayers.  We should tell the Pentagon bureaucrats: ``We know you received $10 billion in appropriations. Now, how did you spend it? No more money until we get the answer.''  The taxpayers have the right to know how their money was spent--every penny of it. They are entitled to that under the Constitution.  Section 9 of the Constitution says that there will be ``a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money published from time to time.''  Pentagon bureaucrats cannot fulfill that responsibility today.  They cannot give the taxpayers a full and accurate account of how their money was spent. That is unacceptable and must not be tolerated.  Mr. President, if there is no documentation supporting a disbursement, then there is no way to reconcile that account.  Under those circumstances, Mr. Hamre's proposed solution is an undesirable and an unfortunate necessity. However, we in the Congress should not approve this plan until two stringent conditions are met: No. 1: Those responsible must be held accountable for what has happened; heads must roll.  No. 2: A new DOD policy should be put in place that specifies: Effective January 1, 1996, all DOD disbursements must be matched with obligations and supporting accounting records before a payment is made.  We also need to have the answers to two questions before we approve Mr. Hamre's plan to write off unmatchable disbursements.  First, how much money is involved? Nobody knows for sure, but preliminary information suggests that the total amount Mr. Hamre would like to write off could easily approach $10 to $12 billion.  Second, is it legal to write off disbursements because supporting documentation is either inadequate or nonexistent.  Sections 1501 and 3528 of title 31 of the United States Code, for example, seem to imply that all Government expenditures must be supported by documentary evidence. The legal issues involved need to be examined.  The authority to write off unmatchable disbursements should be a one-time event. It must never happen again. Unfortunately, I fear it will happen again, unless we come down hard and impose severe penalties and restrictions. Furthermore, my approach would help to strengthen and reinforce section 8137 of the fiscal year 1995 Defense Appropriations Act--Public Law 103-335.  Mr. President, the people of this country desperately want to trust their Government. But a Government that does not hold dishonest and incompetent officials accountable for their actions will lose the public trust.  A failure to hold corrupt officials accountable breeds mistrust and invites more waste and mismanagement.  An inability to provide a full and accurate accounting of who $29 billion of the taxpayer's money was spent is mismanagement at its very worst.  Pentagon bureaucrats have an unblemished track record of mismanaging the peoples' money.  They have proven over and over again that they cannot control the peoples' money. And they cannot account for how they are spending the peoples' money.  Some of my colleagues are talking about an amendment to increase defense spending.  Now, is it smart to give a bureaucratic institution that cannot control and account for the use of public money more public money?  Does that show good common sense?  DOD should not get any extra money until DOD cleans up the books.  I will vigorously oppose any amendments to increase defense spending.  More money is not the solution. Better management is.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time for the Republicans.  