 The Department of Defense would be authorized to obligate and authorized to spend money, in advance of and in excess of congressional appropriations, in a great big, broad area well beyond anything that the Feed and Forage Act has ever done. That area is defined then in 1863 as follows, and I quote.       Essential readiness functions and activities of the Armed      Forces.  ``Essential readiness functions and activities of the Armed Forces'' obviously covers a lot of territory. That conceivably covers just about anything and everything that the Department of Defense wants. I am thankful to report that section 1863 is not included in either version of the fiscal year 1995 supplemental bill, the bill that is before us now in this body, the bill that passed the House of Representatives.  But I understand the issue will be revisited during consideration of the fiscal year 1996 defense authorization bill. That is why I want my colleagues to study this issue, and if it is in there you can assume that I am going to bring it to your attention and to highlight it and to make sure we are responsible as we consider that.  The practice of spending public money before it is appropriated by Congress in peacetime--I want to emphasize in peacetime as opposed to wartime--that practice needs to be reexamined. It needs scrutiny.  First, the practice is inconsistent with the Constitution. Section 9 of article I of the Constitution says, ``No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriation made by law.'' That ought to be crystal clear to everyone.  Second, the practice of doing this is inconsistent with the Anti-Deficiency Act, section 1341, title 31. This law, the Anti-Deficiency Act, causes it to be a felony to obligate or expend money before an appropriation is made, or in excess of amounts available in an appropriation account.  When Congress discovered, as we did in the late 1980's, that the Pentagon was using $50 billion--what was called M accounts, nothing but a slush fund--to circumvent the law and to hide the Anti-Deficiency Act violations, the Congress shut down those M accounts. That year was 1990.  The Department of Defense is always going to find some way to give just a little bit more freedom on the shuffling around of money. So I am afraid, with this new 1863, that DOD may try to use the Feed and Forage Act and the proposed Readiness Preservation Authority, that is 1863, for another end run around the Constitution and around the law. I am afraid the Pentagon may use this authority to hide deficient accounts that they are very qualified at doing.  In order to better understand this whole issue, for the benefit of my colleagues, I am taking three specific steps. I have already started this process.  First, I have asked the American Law Division at CRS for an opinion on all pertinent legal points involved.  Second, I have asked the General Accounting Office to follow the audit trail on the $126.3 million in this bill to make sure the disbursements are properly recorded in the books.  Third, I have asked the Department of Defense to tell me how much money has been spent under the Feed and Forage Act over the last 25 years.  Once I have all this information, I should be in a better position to make a final judgment about this matter, [[Page S3660]] about 1863, and the intent of the Secretary of Defense.  I will say this. He has tried to assure me that he is not trying to reestablish an M account sort of approach. That may be his sincere motive, but I question whether or not the language of 1863 is specifically tight enough so that will not happen. It might not happen under his watch, but once it is on the books, there will be some Secretary of Defense who will find a way of doing it, because we had these M accounts evolve over a period of the 1950's to 1990.  The idea of spending money before it is appropriated ought to bother every one of us. It surely bothers me. It seems to undermine our control of the purse strings and our system of checks and balances. With a simple stroke of the pen, a Pentagon bureaucrat can write checks with public money which has not been appropriated and then, thereafter, practically extort the funds from Congress to pay the bills.  Bureaucrats demand the money, and Congress coughs it up. That is just not right. If we are ever to balance the budget--and that debate was last week but the problem is still ahead of us--we need to put a tight lid on this kind of behavior, whether it is in the Department of Defense that I have spoken about or any agency of the Federal Government.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thompson). The Senator from Illinois.  