 President, Members of this body will vote on Tuesday on the balanced budget amendment, and I am very thankful for that. There are increasing indications that Senators have, of course, learned from the last election last November, and that from their constituents who want this amendment now that the American people want a change from the past, because formerly this amendment was bottled up year after year in one House or the other.  I hope it tells the people of our country that they can make a difference. They expressed in the last election that they wanted a difference, and I think it gives credibility to the election process when people who are elected understand why they were elected and want to carry out the mandate of that election.  Year after year, this constitutional amendment was voted down in one House or the other, or both. Year after year, the budget deficit increased and our children and grandchildren have been left holding the bag, and the American people, I think, expressed in the last election they want that to stop.  Many Members had concluded for many years that Americans would never want a balanced budget because of the cuts that might affect programs that they relied on, that they benefited from and in which they felt some security. But the American people, I believe, are less selfish than that.  Every day we see new indications that Americans are willing to cut spending to balance the budget. For instance, it is becoming clearer that a balanced budget can be attained with less pain than some have suggested. Today, DRI-McGraw Hill, which has been called the world's leading nonpartisan economic analysis and forecasting firm, has concluded that the amendment will add credibility to budgeting. This credibility will lead to lower interest rates and a stronger economy.  This same firm found that the lower interest rates that would come as a result of the constitutional amendment can create half the necessary savings that is going to take us to balance the budget. This is the case because interest on the debt is such a large portion of the budget.  As these facts become known, Americans are learning that they can live with the reductions in the growth of Federal spending that will be necessary if the balanced budget amendment is adopted. They are willing to do their part to prevent future generations from being saddled with an unconscionable amount of debt. They are willing to do so even if it means that some Federal spending that they support will be affected. Importantly, the willingness to take the necessary steps to balance the budget derives from the whole populace, I believe, not just a few.  This week, I received a letter from a person by the name of Andrew Alexander, the library director in Mason City, IA. As a librarian, Mr. Alexander receives funding for his budget from the Library Services and Construction Act. Obviously, one would expect that as a recipient of Federal grants his position would be against Congress adopting this amendment and changing the level, whatsoever, of funding in that program.  Of course, he could certainly make an argument that was not based solely upon bureaucratic self-preservation, because we know that libraries are important, education is important and it would be possible to very sincerely argue that the Federal Government should then continue to help local libraries.  But that is not what Mr. Alexander argued to me in his letter. He asked me and asked me to ask my colleagues in the Senate to discontinue all Federal funding for local libraries. Although he recognizes that the Library Services and Construction Act was passed with good intentions, it has produced, in his words, ``bad or negligibly good results.''  He goes on to say: ``The Federal Government has no business involving itself in a function that has historically been very much the responsibility of local government.''  I would like to mention that Mr. Alexander told me in this letter, ``I am a lifelong Democrat.'' He goes on to say, ``I voted Republican last November because I am certain that if we do not stop spending more than we take in, we will, in fact, be the ruin of our children and their children.''  So, Mr. President, it is letters like this that show me, and hopefully the rest of my colleagues in this body, that the American people have a greater understanding of the problem than cynics give them credit for. Americans of all political persuasions are realizing that the role of the Federal Government must be limited. They know that not all Federal programs have delivered what they promised. They also know the tremendous sums of money that are spent on these programs, any one that can probably be justified standing by itself, but adding up to a total spending exceeding $200 billion. You can easily see that some, or a part, of these programs cannot be justified.  At the same time, the public knows that it is not paying for all of these programs. That is very clear. They know that the deficit and the national debt are out of hand and that for a small difference in their lifestyle, this very day, the destruction of the economic future of our Nation and the preservation of our freedom and our society can be avoided. They are willing to make that commitment. Oddly enough, until lately, some of them were not willing to do it, but now they are, as our budget and fiscal situation gets worse and worse.   [[Page S3113]] I believe that this same realization is coming to certain Senators who may not have always supported the balanced budget amendment in the past. Additional Senators are understanding that the American people will support the changes that will flow from the balanced budget amendment. I think our colleagues--realizing that the American people out there are seeing how bad the situation is, are seeing these programs cannot continue to be funded at an unconscionably high level and a deficit level--are being fortified by this change of view at the grassroots and are seeing the public will stand behind them if they make the tough commitment to make sure the balanced budget amendment is adopted so the fiscal discipline will come, as it has to come after its adoption.  So I appreciate the commitments from Senators who are signing onto this amendment every day to support this amendment as the debate continues. We have tried every other approach. Every other approach has failed: Gramm-Rudman I and II, the bipartisan budget agreement of 1990, the Clinton budget agreement of 1993.  I have spoken before about my first involvement in legislation to balance the budget. When Senator Harry F. Byrd of Virginia was a Member of this body, he and I worked together--I was a Member of the House of Representatives--to pass a simple law that says the Federal Government shall not spend more than it takes in. That was a very well-intended but, quite frankly as I look back now, a very weak response because under our Constitution succeeding Congresses can obliterate anything that a preceding Congress has done. So, each of the cases I have given--the Byrd-Grassley law, Gramm-Rudman I, Gramm-Rudman II, and the other budget agreements of the 1990's--have failed because they can be changed so easily.  Whereas a constitutional amendment, though difficult to get adopted in the first place, is also difficult to change. So it will not be changed by a simple unwillingness of a body to follow its mandate, because we take an oath to uphold that Constitution. We see the restraint that a constitutional provision brings to States, and in State legislatures controlled by conservative Republicans or even liberal Democrats that oath and the rule of law applies. And there is better fiscal policy there than what we have at the Federal level.  So only the balanced budget amendment, then, will respond to the informed judgment of the American people that the role of the Federal Government must be rethought. Programs will have to compete with other programs once we do not have the capability, willy-nilly, of borrowing from the future generations. When the total must be paid for, choices will have to be made. It will no longer be sufficient that intentions behind the programs might happen to be just somehow very good or, the usual explanation, the needs are so great.  This is a view held not only by Republicans but by Democrats and independents as well. A new day will come when we have a constitutional amendment disciplining our spending appetites. The Senate passage of the balanced budget amendment will show Americans that we have listened to the people and we have their long-term interests in mind. The people have been ahead of the Senate. Now it appears we are catching up, as a result of the last election. The American people have spoken loud and clear. They should be commended for making their views known and they should also be commended for taking a stand for responsibility.  They should also understand that, out there at the grassroots of America, as they express their views to us personally, as they express their views through the election process, they can make a difference. If we adopt this amendment, it is one more example that people who want change are going to get that change.  So I think once again the American people have spoken and, in the process of speaking, they are showing that they are smarter than the pundits.  I yield the floor.  