 President, after more than a decade, it is about time that we are starting to work on regulatory reform. We have a very good bill going through the House of Representatives. Hopefully, we will be able to get just as good a bill through the U.S. Senate. I am glad that we are able to do this under the leadership of our majority leader, Senator Dole, because this is a historic comprehensive regulatory reform. This bill, S. 343, is a response to the informal rulemaking that has exploded in the last 50 years that was not contemplated in the original Administrative Procedure Act which passed in 1946.  S. 343 involves a number of major regulatory reforms. These include cost-benefit analysis, risk assessment, petition reopener, judicial review, congressional review, peer review, and improvements to the Regulatory Flexibility Act.  S. 343 is the latest product of a long-term evolutionary process. The foundation for S. 343 comes from the 97th Congress in the form, which we passed at that time 94 to 0, of S. 1080. S. 1080 was the culmination of over 20 years of work in the Senate to reform the regulatory process. Unfortunately, that year, in the 97th Congress, the House leadership, then under the control of the Democratic Party, did not believe that regulatory reform was needed, because they believed in the regulatory state. So the House leadership neglected to follow through on that bill, and the bill was never considered by the other body.  Regulatory relief was a major issue in the congressional elections this year. It was part of our Contract With America. S. 343 is part of the fulfillment of the mandate that voters gave to the new leadership in Congress to bring about more effective and less costly rules and regulations.  As chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, I began the Judiciary Committee's efforts in what has become an extensive legislative process. Beginning last February, my subcommittee held hearings over 2 days and then held a markup where I offered a substitute, which was adopted and reported to the full committee.  Chairman Hatch then held another hearing before the full committee to consider the issue in even more detail. After a number of delays to accommodate the Democratic side of the aisle, the committee held 3 days of markup over a period of 3 weeks, and so the committee finally reported the bill last April 26.  Since that time, Members and staff have worked extensively with those who had questions or problems with the bill, even including the White House. We received, in fact, a number of very positive suggestions. And because they were positive, meant to be helpful, and it showed cooperation by the other side, including the administration, many of these were included in the bill.  S. 343 deals with two overall topics directly relevant to regulatory reform. The first major topic is regulatory analysis, including cost-benefit determinations for new and existing major rules or regulations of the Federal Government and, where relevant, Mr. President, risk assessment criteria and procedures.  The second major topic involves changes to the Administrative Procedure Act and other Federal statutes which contain equivalent provisions. These changes are in the procedures that the agencies are required to follow in rulemaking and also in the standards of judicial review and appeals of agency action.  Through these provisions, Congress will give Federal agencies new substantive and procedural guidelines on how the agencies are to use the legislative powers which Congress has given them through other statutes to regulate. The ultimate objective in our legislation is for better Federal rules and regulations, and by better rules, we mean, very broadly speaking, rules that are to do social and economic good, where the benefit outweighs the harm.  A second objective is to make the rulemaking process more rational and more open and to give persons who are the intended beneficiaries of the rule and those who are more likely to bear its costs greater opportunity to participate in the agency's proceedings. No one should reject the proposition that people who are to be affected by the regulations ought to have a part in the process of the agency's consideration of those, and also, once that process is over, through judicial review, to have a means of assuring that agencies, in effect, obey the law. S. 343 does that.  These changes were designed then to supplement and to strengthen the regulatory analysis requirements of S. 1080, which is the core of the regulatory analysis that is in this new bill before us.  I view the overall primary focus of this bill to be accountability. The essence of Government is accountability. The essence of lawmaking is accountability. The public holds us accountable through the regular election process. The regulatory scheme of things in the administrative branch of Government is somewhat removed from citizen participation, and the extent to which it is, I believe people who are regulators and people who make the regulations and rules tend to be less accountable.  This bill, not as perfectly as is done through the election process affecting those of us in Congress, intends to bring accountability to the process of the regulation and rulemaking of the faceless bureaucrat. This means agency accountability to the people as well as to Congress who has delegated its authority to the agencies. It also means congressional accountability to the people because we are ultimately responsible for the laws that we pass. We should not punt to the agencies and to the courts to make very important determinations that ought to be made right here. Unfortunately, there will be those who will try to misrepresent our intentions by arguing that this bill will be used to gut our Nation's health, safety, and environmental laws.  This argument, of course, is a sham, because there is not one among us who does not want to do everything that we reasonably can to protect the lives of our people and who recognize the need for sound and effective regulations. We all breathe the air, eat the food, and drink the water.  We all want our children and grandchildren to be as safe as possible. To suggest otherwise, as some in this body are doing, and particularly as the media likes to popularize, is just downright shameful. We are concerned about the lives of people. This does not compromise that principle whatsoever. What it means to do is that regulation and rulemaking be accountable; that people take into consideration alternatives; that there is not one way to do something, and that there ought to be a relationship between cost and benefit, and there ought to be a scientific basis for regulation. The fact is that many rules and regulations have become too rigid and costly. These rules themselves could actually threaten our Nation's limited resources, as well as public support for the necessary rules.  At a later time in this debate I am going to go into more specific detail about how ridiculous and onerous many regulations have become.  Mr. President, Majority Leader Dole is to be commended for taking the initiative on this legislation and following through on what the American people want and expect. He is the leader of our party. Our party had a mandate in the election to do that, and he is carrying that out in the responsibility that he has. The efforts that are being made in the debating of this bill, in the consideration of this bill, is to make sure that our performance in office is commensurate with the rhetoric of the campaign. I think this bill is about as close as you can get to having that be a possibility.  As others have said, we have to find ways to do things smarter and cheaper. As the committee report points out, we have become hostage to the unregulated regulatory process. S. 343 will help us out of this quagmire by requiring sound, effective, fair, reasonable regulation that will do the job the people intend that they do.  We have all heard today very real stories of agencies gone mad. Well, I want to relate one story here today where bureaucrats got out of control. This story, and many others we will be hearing about, will underscore the need for commonsense reform. This story happens in my State. S. 343 is about reasonableness and responsibility. The American people are inspired by reasonable decisions. When the Government acts in the best interest of the majority of its citizens, the American people are encouraged by the Government's responsible actions.  S. 343 is a responsible action which is in the best interest of the majority of Americans. One of the main problems this bill addresses is unreasonable regulations and overzealous regulators.  This problem is clearly evident when it comes to agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency. The EPA was instituted and developed to promote policy advancing a clean environment at reasonable costs with fair and rational oversight. Fair and rational oversight, though, has not been exhibited recently by the EPA. Presently, the EPA exhibits arrogance and overzealous behavior while enforcing the agency's adversarial relationship with small business and farmers.  Innocent citizens are easy prey for presumptuous EPA bureaucrats. I know this to be true because, as I have said, I have a constituent who has personal scars from unjustified hardships resulting from brash EPA officials.  This example happened outside a little town in the northwest corner of my State of Iowa. The name of that community is Akron, IA. It was business as usual that day at the Higman Gravel Company. Harold Higman, the owner, was outside topping off his pickup truck at the gas pump on his property. Mavis Hansen, a trusted employee of 20 years, was inside the office tending to the books, as she regularly did. Every other employee was working at their normal business responsibilities that early morning at 9 o'clock. You might say the morning routine had just begun.  Suddenly, in a violent breech of the morning's routine, nearly a dozen unmarked cars roared onto the yard of the premise of that gravel business. They screeched to a halt in cadence. Forty agents poured from the cars and surrounded Mr. Higman, cocking their guns in unison.  One agent, who was clad in a bulletproof vest, leveled his shotgun at Higman. The agent pumped the gun once to load it. As Mr. Higman, the owner, gulped and his knees quivered, the agent fumbled for his badge, and as Mr. Higman groped for words and he voiced a demand for an explanation, the agent responded with a ``shut up'' right in Mr. Higman's face.  Meanwhile, another agent stormed the office. There he found the trusted employee of 20 years, the accountant, Mavis Hansen, at her desk tending to the books, as you would expect her to be doing at 9 o'clock in the morning. The agent stormed in with his gun and yelled ``freeze'' with his gun cocked and left it aimed right at Mavis Hansen's head.  Poor Mavis Hansen sat frozen with shock, fear, and bewilderment. Now, Mr. President, to this very day, she still has nightmares and bouts of nervousness due to what happened that horrible day.  Obviously, there must have been a reason for 40 agents to appear, shoving their shotguns down the throats of the owner and the bookkeeper of this gravel business in the small town of Akron in northwest Iowa. You might wonder, was it some kind of a drug operation? Was there a cache of weapons? None of those, Mr. President. What the agents were looking for were two so-called toxic chemicals that were allegedly stored at the Higman Gravel Co. grounds, supposedly buried in barrels.  Now, this is what they had been told. They had been told this, Mr. President, by a paid informant. But it turns out that this paid informant was also a disgruntled former employee of the Higman Gravel Co. He had given the EPA a bum lead, and after 15 months of misery and ordeal, a jury in a criminal case finally decided that Higman was innocent. Mr. Higman and others were acquitted of charges stating that he had knowingly stored illegal toxic chemicals on his property.  That decision and the 15 months of litigation cost Mr. Higman $200,000 in legal fees, lost business, and what is even more important in my State, Mr. President, it gave this very responsible business person a damaged reputation.  It also cost the bookkeeper, Ms. Hansen--the woman that had the shotgun leveled at her as she was at her desk doing her books--two months leave of absence due to a nervous disorder, which still persists to this day.  Mr. President, the moral of this story must be prefaced with a poignant question: How in the world does the EPA justify such outrageous behavior?  It is the regulatory state gone out of control. They acted, as I have said, on rumor and innuendo. When the rumors did not pan out, they pressed ahead anyway, costing innocent citizens financial and psychological fortunes.  I will not go through all of the details in this case, Mr. President. But I think it behooves us as a society to take a broad view of this case and see what lessons can be learned.  To begin with, the EPA used a force of 40 men comprised of Federal and local agents. They used a force equipped to attack a mountain when it was only a molehill.  Second, the EPA's advanced scouting of the situation was disgraceful. They charged ahead with full force, though uninformed about the facts. They did not look before they leaped.  All too often, Mr. President, I hear of such overzealous and heavy-handed enforcement of our Nation's environmental laws. Yet, there is rarely accountability. This situation cannot continue. A presumption of guilt is formed. It is a foreign concept in our land. It should be a foreign practice as well.  The purpose of the EPA is certainly commendable. The purpose is to protect the Nation from environmental pollutants and toxins. The EPA is suppose to work to make our water clean and our air pure, and there is no one who would argue with those worthwhile goals. But the heavy-handed tactics are inconsistent with EPA's worthy objectives. In fact, such policy erodes whatever moral authority the EPA may hope to have to detect and deter pollution and polluters. Their image in the public's eye will only suffer and the public's confidence in the EPA's fairness will be shaken.  We certainly hope, Mr. President, that this reform will cause the EPA to reconsider its we-versus-they mentality, with respect to American small business. This bill will not overturn existing environmental law. The Comprehensive Regulatory Reform Act will require the EPA to reexamine existing rules and force them into revisions, but only, let me emphasize, where regulations are based on bad science or where a less costly alternative exists that achieves the statutory requirements. Small businesses certainly share the goal of a clean environment at reasonable costs, with a fair and rational oversight by the U.S. Government. Most, if not all, businesses want to comply with environmental laws and regulations.  Mr. President, it is my hope that this reform will change the EPA policy to promote a worthy social objective that fosters reconciliation and cooperation. This reform will help eliminate the heavy-handed tactics and threats against innocent citizens like Mr. Higman and Ms. Hansen. Through this reform the EPA could once again return to its original purpose of promoting policy which advances a clean environment through fair and rational oversight.  