 President, I want to lend my strong support for H.R. 831 to make the self-employed deduction permanent and to raise it to 30 percent.  There had been a number of threats to hold this legislation up by filibustering or offering numerous contentious amendments. I'm very glad that these threats disappeared, because holding up this bill would have only hurt the millions of taxpayers that are waiting for this relief.  Mr. President, most of the major health care bills introduced in the last Congress called for an increased extension of the 25 percent health insurance deduction for the self-employed. There's a broad consensus that an increased health insurance deduction would contribute to tax fairness and would also lead to a significant reduction in the number of uninsured Americans.  Unfortunately, as we all know, the self-employed health insurance deduction expired on December 31, 1993, with the understanding that an extension, and possible expansion, would be part of health care reform in 1994. However, we all know what happened to President Clinton's disastrous health care reform effort. And, unfortunately, the self-employed deduction went down with it.  Mr. President, if the 25-percent deduction is not retroactively reinstated, the self-employed will be hit with a sizable tax increase. Moreover, it would be a tax increase on predominantly middle-income persons since about 73 percent of those persons who pay self-employment tax earn under $50,000 in adjusted gross income.  Mr. President, I have introduced a separate bill that would reinstate the 25-percent deduction for the 1994 tax year, and then increase the deduction to 50 percent this year, 75 percent next year, and 100 percent the year after.  Organizations as diverse as the Farm Bureau, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, the Association for the Self-Employed, and the National Restaurant Association support this legislation.  I look forward to the Congress finally dealing with this problem by taking care of the 1994 tax year, making it permanent and increasing it to 30 percent. Hopefully, we will be able to expand the deduction up to 100 percent at a later date.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I strongly support legislation to permanently extend and expand the health insurance tax deduction for self-employed individuals. In addition to allowing these individuals and their dependents to deduct 25 percent of the cost of their health insurance for 1994, it will allow them to deduct 30 percent of these costs for all future years. This bill, which addresses one of the most unfair provisions in the Tax Code, is fully paid for without adding a penny to the budget deficit by eliminating an outdated and inequitable corporate tax break.  This issue has justifiably been a major concern to the small business community for a long time. The 25 percent deduction for the self-employed was first contained in the tax Reform Act of 1986. Due to congressional inaction, it expired at the end of 1993. Consequently, if we didn't pass an extension before April 15, self-employed individuals would not have been able to deduct any of their health insurance expenses this year. This would have been incredibly unfair. Employees of corporations continue to be able to deduct almost all of their health insurance costs.  Since 1989, we have been keeping small business in limbo each year while Congress decides whether to reextend this tax deduction. Small businesses are extremely important to our country. In Arizona, they are the fastest growing component of our economy and, in aggregate, our largest source of employment. They rely upon the modest insurance tax benefit that they are entitled to receive. By passing this bill today, and by making it retroactive so that the deduction can be taken this year, we make a major step forward in providing equity and certainly to small business people throughout our Nation.  Throughout the health reform debate last year, I argued that the deduction for self-employed individuals should be expanded to be comparable to the full deduction that other employees receive. I further contended that the result of allowing the deduction to expire would have been to substantially increase the number of uninsured Americans. It would have imposed a large burden on individuals who we should be helping, those who have taken the initiative and risk associated with small business and self-employment. Today, we vote to start to remedy their problems.  Passing this extension and expansion of the self-employed insurance tax deduction today is a major step in the right direction. I urge President Clinton to sign this bill into law as soon as possible. It is outrageous that self-employed individuals are not permitted to deduct the same percentage of their health insurance costs as do employees of large corporations. It is even more outrageous that we almost took away the small amount that they can currently deduct, and may still do so if President Clinton does not act quickly.  I remain committed to ensuring that all Americans receive the same tax advantages in deducting their health insurance, and to creating a more equitable and efficient health care system.  