 That is an accepted fact. It has been a part of the process of Government a long time before we had the Administrative Procedure Act in 1946. All that did was basically conform all regulation writing to the same process.  This legislation is about bringing common sense to the whole process of writing regulations. And all of the horror stories that can be told about bad regulations and the bad enforcement of maybe even good regulations is related to the fact that people affected feel that there is not a commonsense approach to the regulation writing. The bottom line is, that we need legislation to bring common sense to regulation and the enforcement of regulation.  This legislation before us does that. And yet there are people that are coming to present possible horrors that will result if this legislation is passed. This is just not so as far as I am concerned. This legislation is not going to change any existing laws on the books that deal with public health, and safety, environmental laws. Not one.  There are many false accusations about this legislation that it would override existing law. There are a half-dozen places in the legislation that makes it clear that this legislation is not a supermandate imposing the language of this legislation in place of any specific public health and safety laws on the books. But this legislation is about process to make sure that regulation writers cannot go hog wild in trying to accomplish their goals.  This legislation has in it judicial review of regulation writing, and judicial review of regulatory activity, and judicial review of the actions of regulators. We ought to have judicial review to make sure that the process conforms to the statute and to the intent of Congress. Regulation writing and the process of analyzing information that goes into regulation writing and particularly scientific analysis should not be above the law. And the only way I know to assure that regulators do not go beyond congressional intent is to make sure that there is judicial review. Well, there are an awful lot of accusations from opponents of this bill that somehow if this bill becomes law it is going to compromise public health and safety. On the other hand, those of us who are proponents of this legislation can give example after example of where the existing process, without the proper safeguards in the existing legislation, have become a real horror for certain individuals who are affected.  Yesterday I had the opportunity to present an instance in which an informant who was a former disgruntled employee, brought to the attention of EPA the possibility of the burying of some toxic waste on the business of the Higman Gravel Co. of Akron, IA. And, of course, there was not any such toxic waste buried there. But they acted on information of an informant and one morning at 9 o'clock came to the place of business. It was a usual morning at the business. Mr. Higman was gassing up his truck to start the process of work for that day. His accountant was behind the desk in the office doing what you would expect accountants to do. And all of a sudden that quiet morning, 40 local and Federal law enforcement agents come with cocked guns to this place of business telling Mr. Higman to shut up while the gun was pointed at him. They had, by the way, bulletproof vests on. They went into the office and stuck the gun in the face of the accountant. All of that in a little place of business, acting because a disgruntled employee had given some misinformation.  It cost Mr. Higman $200,000 in legal fees and lost business and probably still injured his reputation to some extent. But he had to fight it in the courts to get out of criminal charges that were unjustified. Now, just a little bit of common sense in the process of regulation writing in the process of enforcement could have saved a lot of trouble, damaged reputation for a good businessperson, damaged reputation for the legitimate work of the EPA.  I have another example that I would like to refer to because some people are making the argument that environmental legislation should not be subject to cost-benefit analysis or to risk assessment because a price tag cannot be placed on an individual's health.  There is not a price tag placed upon individual health. But when it comes to cost-benefit analysis, if there is a $5 cost to saving a life, or a $50 cost to saving a life, what is wrong with taking the $5 cost to saving a life as opposed to the $50 cost of saving a life? Common sense would dictate that you ought to use the less costly approach. But people are arguing that requiring the EPA to assess and scrutinize the cost of regulations will somehow lead to a rollback of environmental protection.  Now, I agree that a price tag cannot be placed on the health of citizens. And we do not intend to roll back the gains made in environmental protection in this country over the last 25 years. Senator Chafee, who we have just heard, the distinguished chairman of our Environment Committee, is correct. Many gains have been made in environment in the last 25 years. And we should not turn our backs on these significant achievements.  But once again, if the question is a $50 cost to saving a life versus a $5 cost to saving a life, we would chose the $5 approach. The life is going to be saved either way. And we want that life saved.  So I want to take the opportunity to discuss at least one example where conducting a cost-benefit analysis would have avoided the enactment of an absurd regulation that has cost small businesses in my State and many other States hundreds of thousands of dollars and has resulted in absolutely no benefit to the environment, absolutely no benefit to the environment. The 1990 Clean Air Act amendments regulate what are called major sources of emissions and it defines ``major sources'' as those that have the potential to admit 100 tons per year of a criteria pollutant, such as dust. The EPA in further defining ``potential'' to emit assumes that facilities operate 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.  Now that is quite an assumption--sitting in a marble palace someplace in Washington, DC, to assume when you are writing a regulation that every business is going to operate 365 days a year, 24 hours a day.  When you apply that faulty logic to a seasonal business, such as grain elevators in my State--and if some of you are confused about the term ``grain elevator,'' just let me simply say, that is a big cement silo where you store grain, where the farmers deliver grain, where grain can be processed from or grain can, in turn, be loaded onto hopper cars to be shipped to another location, even overseas when it gets to the terminal. But when you apply this faulty logic, assuming that a business is going to operate 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, for grain elevators, it becomes evident how absurd this regulation is in practice and how a simple cost-benefit analysis would have illustrated this fact.  In my State of Iowa, we have approximately 700 grain elevators. I think I know what I am talking about when I talk about a grain elevator. My son and I have a family farming operation. My son operates it almost totally by himself. I try to help when I am home and we are not in session.  In the fall of the year, my son runs what we call a combine, a grain-harvesting machine. This combine harvests our corn and our soybeans. One of the things I can do to help my son in the fall is to haul the grain, the corn, or the soybeans from the combine from the field 3 or 4 miles into town to weigh and to unload at our local New Hartford Cooperative elevator close to our farm.  We deliver grain to these local country elevators. We have 700 of these in the State of Iowa, and there are about 96,000 farming units in my State that use these 700 elevators to sell their corn to and to process their grains.  Although less than 1 percent of these elevators actually emit more than 100 tons, which is what EPA has defined as the level to be classified as a ``major source,'' if you use EPA calculations, all 700 grain elevators in Iowa are considered major sources of emission. Only 1 percent actually emit more than 100 tons, but all 700 grain elevators are affected by this regulation.  How this could be the case ought to defy all logic and does. During a subcommittee hearing that I conducted on the bill before us, we heard testimony from an operator of a grain elevator in Mallard, IA, in northwest Iowa. This particular elevator takes in grain for only 30 to 40 days per year and has a capacity of 3 million bushels. But according to the EPA, this little country elevator in Mallard, IA, has the capacity to process over 11 billion bushels of grain per year. Let us put this 11 billion bushels of grain per year EPA figures this grain elevator can handle in the context of our crop for 1 year in the entire United States.  Last year, the U.S. corn harvest set a record at 10.3 billion bushels. This year, because of the early rain in some parts of the Midwest, the USDA is projecting a 7 to 8 billion bushel harvest. Yet, the Environmental Protection Agency assumes that 11 billion bushels of corn, more corn than has ever been produced in this country in a year, will go through that one country elevator in Mallard, IA.  This calculation, of course, would be laughable but for the fact this elevator will expend a lot of money and a lot of time as a result of this EPA regulation. Last fall, at the height of harvest, the Mallard elevator received a 280-page permit application based upon the regulation I am talking about. The application is so complex that the elevator's managers were required to obtain an outside consultant to help complete the application. The cost of this assistance is estimated to be in the neighborhood of $25,000 to $40,000. Remember that my State has about 700 of these elevators, all required to pay up to $40,000 to comply with an absurd regulation.  So there is a very identifiable cost associated with this regulation from EPA in terms of money, in terms of time and in terms of jobs. The benefit to the environment and to the public health is less clear, however. In other words, I am about to say that there is no need for this regulation because there is not any impact on the public health, what the EPA assumes is a health problem.  First of all, all emissions from grain elevators are in the form of dust, and that is not considered toxic. Second, these dust particles--if you want to know where the dust comes from, I told you how you take the grain from the field off the combine, on the wagon behind the tractor or in your truck to the local grain elevator. You weigh it before you unload it. Then you pull into a pit with a grate over it. You drive your tractor over the grate, you open up the door and the grain unloads. While this grain is falling about 2 or 3 feet into the pit, there is some dust associated with that grain. Farmers live with that every day on the farm. EPA does not try to interfere on the farm, but they do try to interfere when you haul your grain to town and unload it.  Those dust particles are fairly large in size. They are just specks, in a sense, but fairly larger in size than most of the types EPA is trying to regulate. They fall to the ground, after the winds have caught them, and they may blow away from where you are unloading. They fall to the ground. They never enter the atmosphere.  Thus, if there is even a remote chance the particles can be harmful, the group most at risk are the employees of the facility. Are we concerned about the employees of the facility? Yes, we are concerned about the employees' health. But this concern has already been addressed by OSHA regulations; not EPA regulations, but OSHA regulations. In fact, the elevator that I talked about, the Mallard elevator, spent $12,000 in 1994 for training and equipment to ensure the safety of its employees who work around grain dust.  The primary reason that the regulation results in little public health benefit, however, is that these elevators have actual emissions of well under 100 tons, and, in most cases, well under 20 tons.  Under the Clean Air Act, they are not required to reduce emissions, but they are still covered by the regulations. So after spending hours completing a 280-page application and paying maybe up to $40,000 to a consultant to help fill out this 280-page application, the result is that emissions are not reduced at all. They are not reduced at all.  This type of regulation--one that seems to impose large costs on small businesses and individuals without any public benefit--is exactly the reason we need a cost-benefit analysis, and exactly the type of regulation that is now saddling the public, and we will avoid saddling businesses in the future if we pass S. 343. But, you see, we have regulators that do not know when to quit regulating. They do not stop to think, Well, should we really be regulating this or that? They get some sort of a pseudo-science to justify some regulation, and some of these agencies even ask scientists from academia to come in and review their scientific analysis which is the basis for their regulation writing. We can show you examples of when those scientific panels have come in and said, ``You have to go back and start over again. There is no scientific basis for the regulation you are writing.''  But they are not looking for a scientific basis for regulation. They are only looking for a small part of a scientific justification for what they want to do anyway. They want to do what they want to do, regardless of the cost. And this legislation will impose some common sense on the regulation writers, which common sense, if it were used, would not have resulted in a regulation that affects 700 grain elevators in my State when, in fact, only 1 percent are over the EPA limit. And if the rule were only applicable to the time that the business was creating dust in the first place--how stupid to assume that a business is going to be emitting dust into the air 365 days out of the year, 24 hours a day, when it only probably operates about 10 hours a day, and the activity they want to control only takes place maybe 30 to 40 days out of a year.  We are entitled to some commonsense regulation, and we are never going to get it until we have legislation that dictates that we use a commonsense approach. This legislation does it.  