 President, I will be glad to attempt to answer. I am not sure I can, because I am not sure I understand the question of the Senator. But implicit in his question, I believe, is a feeling that the purpose of my amendment is to stop the regulation from going into effect. That is not the purpose of the amendment. There is nothing in the wording of the amendment that does that.  The purpose of the amendment is that if we pass a statute in the year 1996, and CBO says it is going to cost $1 billion, and then 2 years later--it takes a long time to get these regulations written--2 years later the agency might issue regulations that cost something more.  My amendment does not make CBO study that, except at the request of a Senator. But if I would decide, looking at department X's regulations, it looks to me like these are a lot more expensive in unfunded mandates than what we anticipated when we pass the legislation, I want CBO to take a look at those regulations.  CBO takes a look at those regulations and they might say, no, this is not over the $1 billion; or they might say it is $2 billion, it is going to make this statute cost $2 billion instead of $1 billion. My amendment will not in any way keep those regulations from going into effect. But I surely think we ought to have a track record by which we can measure whether or not an original estimate and intent of statute is realized. And if it is not, then at least we know that and it is a matter of public record.  The other thing that might come as a benefit of my regulation is that the regulation writers, if somebody might ask for a review, may be just a little more careful to stay within the cost intent of the statute. I think that is legitimate. I think if we write a statute that we think is going to be an unfunded mandate costing $1 billion, we should not allow some faceless bureaucrat to write regulations that make it cost much more and not be in keeping with congressional intent. That is all I am trying to do. I hope I have answered the Senator's question.  