 President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by Senator McConnell, the junior Senator from Kentucky. Just last week, this body overwhelmingly rejected an attempt to change the filibuster rules. We did that for a very important reason. We believe that it is an integral part of the functioning of this body within our constitutional system to protect minority interests and minority points of view in debate and consideration of legislation. So we decided to maintain a historic Senate rule, and we voted for recognition of our uniqueness when we did that. The House of Representatives and the Senate are two distinctly different bodies. They are entitled to adopt different rules, and one House should not dictate the rules of the other.  The underlying bill before us, S. 2, recognizes this principle. The underlying bill, as Senator Lieberman and I have introduced it, sets up different rules for the House and the Senate so long as those rules do not infringe upon the statutory and regulatory rights of employees of Congress and the individual offices within Congress.  So no amendment should be offered, including the amendment by the senior Senator from Kentucky, that tells the other body what it must do in an area unrelated to the provisions of this bill. Under the second-degree amendment, Senators would be barred from converting frequent flyer miles earned on official business to personal use. That happens to be the existing rule in the Senate. I think the point has been very clearly made, that none of the 100 Senators may use frequent flyer miles for anything but official business.  It is all right to make our Senate rule into legislation, and, if Senator McConnell's amendment is adopted, that is what we will be doing. We will be putting in statute language that is already a rule of the Senate. But we should let the House make its own rule in this regard. The other body is currently studying the treatment of frequent flyer miles in the private sector. They will want to conform their rules to the existing prevalent practice, and we should allow the other body to proceed on that course. I do not think there is any doubt but what they will be dealing with this as they know they should deal with it, as they dealt with it last August. Then, it did not get through in the final process of legislation.  So I argue that the process going on in the other body, and our respect for the rights of the other body, should be satisfactory to anyone. In the meantime, we should remember that the amendment of the senior Senator from Kentucky has no relationship to this bill.  If I have spoken more than once, I have spoken a dozen times to make the point that the underlying legislation is something that was clearly an issue in the last election. Whether you are a Republican or Democrat, you were probably elected on a proposition that you would vote for this. I did not run into anybody in the campaign who was against this legislation, Republican or Democrat. Now what we are doing is carrying out the will of the people, the mandate of that election, to get this bill passed and get it passed as quickly as we can. And the purpose of doing it as quickly as we can is so that we can show the people of this country that it is no longer business as usual.  So I believe that enacting existing Senate rules into law sometimes may be appropriate. So I will support the second-degree amendment. I want S. 2 to pass and to pass quickly, and adopting the second-degree amendment, I think, will further our goal because it is not going to complicate the bill. This is a matter of whether or not the other body is going to be turned off toward our legislation by the proposition that we are trying to tell them what to do to their own rules, because they have a constitutional right to adopt their own.  So I hope everyone will support the second-degree amendment by Senator McConnell.  I yield the floor.  