 President, I have spoken several times on this floor, as have others, about disturbing trends in drug use in this country. Well, the latest bad news is out, having been delayed over 2 months by the administration. The new Drug Abuse Warning Network [DAWN] numbers on hospital admissions for drug emergencies are in. And the story that they have to tell is disturbing.  At least 500,000 Americans ended up in hospital emergency rooms in 1994 in drug-related episodes. Cocaine-related incidents were up 15 percent over 1993, and a stunning 40 percent over 1988. Cocaine-related episodes are the highest since DAWN surveys began. In part, this indicates the consequences for an aging addict population beginning to show the signs of prolonged addiction.  But, with increases among teenagers in the use of hallucinogens, marijuana, uppers, and downers, we are faced with increasing problems in a new generation of users, and storing up problems for the future.  Young people are simply not getting the message that drug use is both harmful and wrong. Since 1990, marijuana/hashish related episodes increased by 155 percent. They increased 40 percent between 1993 and 1994 alone.  When you combine these numbers with recent PRIDE, household survey, and high school survey figures on teenage use, the trend is unmistakable. And it is bad news. After years of decline, after years of young people foregoing drugs, we are seeing all the successes we had wiped out in a few short years as the message about the dangers of drugs has been lost.  The mistake made by the present administration was to believe that they could abandon the bully pulpit on this issue, refocus programs to treatment, and not send a signal to the most at-risk population, our young people, that drug use was not so bad or dangerous. The mistake was in telling people not to inhale instead of saying ``no.''  The mistake we seem determined to repeat, after our experiences of the 1960's, 1970's, and 1980's, is that you should only have to do the counter-drug effort once, like a small pox vaccination. Having done this once, we can move on to more pressing issues.  Such thinking is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of the realities of drug use. The most at-risk population for starting use are our teenagers, beginning as early as 12 years old. Unless we declare a moratorium on having children in this country, we will see a new crop of teenagers coming into schools and into contact with a drug culture every year. And they are coming of age now in an environment in which our cultural elite are once again praising the virtues of drug use, further obscuring the message.  Just as we have to give new immunization shots to a new group of teenagers every year. Just as we have to teach a new class geometry, and algebra, and civic responsibilities--every year--we have to provide the moral guidance and information to a new crop of kids that will protect them from drug use.  We have to have the clear, unambiguous message from all sources that can penetrate that teen sense of immortality that persuades them that nothing bad can happen to them simply because they are young. We need to sustain that message so that kids can learn that things they do today can have bad consequences years later.   When we fail to get the word out repeatedly and pointedly, we put our young people at even greater risk. And it encourages those today who still push the 1960's agenda that has destroyed so many promising lives. We cannot afford to do this. We have seen the consequences. And the increases in cocaine and heroin hospital emergencies today are a legacy of our foolishness yesterday. We cannot let this happen to our tomorrow.  I yield the floor.  