 President, last week, the President announced he would join Republicans in seeking to balance the budget. I, along with many of my Republican colleagues, welcomed the President's decision. We particularly welcomed the President's recognition that the growth of Medicare must be slowed down if we are going to keep that important program solvent.  Unfortunately, though, when you look at the President's entire budget--and it was looked at by the Congressional Budget Office, and this is a nonpartisan scorekeeper--after reviewing the President's new proposal, it found that it would not balance the budget. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that President Clinton's new budget proposals would maintain deficits of approximately $200 billion per year.  The deficit then under CBO's projections for the year 2005, which is at the end of the 10-year period of time the President wants to balance the budget, would still be $209 billion deficits. And, of course, that is the year in which the President claimed his proposal would achieve balance.  The administration is trying in vain to paper over these huge deficits. The President claims that the failure of his new budget to achieve balance is due, in his words, to just some slight differences in estimating between the CBO and the administration's Office of Budget. Of course, we all know that this claim is disingenuous.  My colleagues need no further reminder than the President committing himself to using CBO estimates earlier in his administration to ensure that his proposal would be credible, and I would like to quote from the February 17, 1993, speech of the President. This was in a speech before Congress:       Let's at least argue about the same set of numbers so the      American people will think that we're shooting straight with      them.  The President could not have said it any better. So the President stated this in advocating the use of Congressional Budget Office estimates instead of any other estimates, including his own Office of Budget.  Now, of course, the President has decided to back away from the pledge of [[Page S 8682]] using the nonpartisan CBO to provide estimates. He wants instead to use the White House's own numbers. Could it be because those numbers are more politically convenient? Of course, the answer is yes.  The President is using OMB estimates because he does not want to make the tough decisions and the tough tradeoffs. In addition, the President's proposal provides no detail and no policy assumptions--there is then no there, there. In sum, instead of lowering the deficit, the administration lowers the deficit estimate.  As former CBO Director Dr. Reischauer said the other day, and this is a direct quote: ``He''--meaning the President--``lowered the bar and then gracefully jumped over it.''  To the point, the President uses rosy scenarios. By embracing Ms. Rosy Scenario, the President undermines both his leadership and his credibility. I do not feel that I am carping on this issue, Mr. President, because I have walked the walk. I have broken ranks with Republican administrations in both the Reagan and Bush years because they proposed rosy scenarios and magic asterisks to seemingly lower the deficit. Rosy scenarios were wrong then and they are wrong now.  The President's intentions in joining the quest for a balanced budget are known, but his credibility is damaged by his new budget hocus-pocus. He has not enhanced his relevance in the process merely by offering what he says is a balanced budget. What he proposed must actually be a balanced budget to have credibility. Only at that point then will the President's efforts to balance the budget be real and will his part be relevant.  Again, I do not dismiss out of hand the President's efforts. His new budget at least indicates the President's good-faith intentions. In that regard, it is a good first step and a recognition that we must balance the budget. But if the administration wants to remain relevant, it must revisit its budget proposal and take the next very important step and make the additional cuts necessary to achieve balance, even by the year 2005, at the end of his 10 years, compared to the Republicans' 7 years.  In short, I propose the administration go back to the drawing board. Such actions would make the administration's budget truly credible with the American people to whom he promised a balanced budget proposal. The President must amend his proposal if he wants to fulfill his role as a leader on fiscal matters.  Mr. President, in closing, I would like to highlight just one part of the administration's budget which I believe the President needs to seriously reconsider, and that is the funding for defense. I was astounded to find that the President's proposal for outlays for defense is higher than that agreed to in the Senate budget resolution drafted by Senator Domenici.  The administration proposes to spend approximately $20 billion more on defense than contained in the Senate's budget resolution for fiscal year 1996 through the year 2002. And that resolution contained the original Clinton defense numbers. Incredibly, the administration's proposed defense spending is even higher than that contained in the House budget resolution. In the year 2002, the administration proposes to spend--can you believe this?--$2 billion more on defense than that very high figure proposed in the House budget resolution.  Now, I am at a loss to understand why the President believes it is necessary to increase defense spending by billions. What can the justification possibly be? The Soviet military threat has evaporated. DOD managers cannot even account for the taxpayers' money they already have and have already spent. Any extra money would largely go toward buying hidden costs--in other words, paying for cost overruns, not for more weapons or equipment.  At the same time, the President proposes to give more money to the generals, he is asking working families, family farms, and the elderly to tighten their belts.  I was also astonished that in the outyears--years 9 and 10 of his budget--the administration continues to ratchet up defense spending. That is so far down the road that it is not even a credible proposal. So what is the rationale?  Finally, revisiting the President's proposal to increase defense spending would be a good place to start--I think it is a good place to start--as the administration looks for additional cuts in spending for its new budget proposal--cuts that must be provided if the administration is to maintain credibility as we work to achieve a balanced budget.  We Republicans thank him for his proposed balanced budget, but we want him to use real numbers. We want it to be balanced in the year 2005, and we do not want to have a $9 billion deficit that is presently under the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office's calculations, as they have reviewed and critiqued his proposal.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Warner). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  