 President, I do not want to engage the Senator from North Dakota because I want to make my remarks and run to a meeting that I have to have. But I want to make this point in his presence, and we can argue about it at a later time. What he said I am not going to say is inaccurate because he has the documentation for what he said. But he spoke about our document and our claim of a balanced budget as being a fraud on the American people. We can accept that judgment if he is willing to say that if we had the President's document as a final document before this body to pass as the budget resolution for this year, with the claim that the President balanced it in the year 2005, which is 3 years longer than ours, the Senator from North Dakota would have to say that the President's budget is a fraud on the American people, because the document that we have before this body, that we correctly claim will balance the budget by the year 2002, uses exactly the same accounting procedure that has been used in this body by both Republicans and by Democrats when they were in the majority. It would also be used by the President of the United States in saying he had a balanced budget.  The President would use the same approach that we used. The fact of the matter is that our document is not a fraud. Our document balances the budget by the year 2002. And except for the fact that the President of the United States uses OMB numbers instead of CBO projections for the future, I would have to say that the President balances the budget by the year 2005. Therefore, the President's document is not a fraud and our document is not a fraud.  I hope that if the Senator from North Dakota is going to say that the way we do business and account for the balance is a fraud, he would be willing to say that the way the President of the United States did it as well was fraudulent. But the fact is that we are balancing the budget. We are balancing the budget because the United States people have finally sent a very clear message to the Congress of the United States that it is morally wrong for this generation to live high on the hog and to let our children and grandchildren pick up the bill.  Now, most of the debate behind the desire to have a balanced budget in this body is going to be based solely upon the public policy that it is good economics to have a balanced budget. And I agree with those statements. But I think that the main reason we should balance the budget is because for one generation we had anything we want through the Federal budget because of the bottomless pit of borrowing and that is not right. I do not believe it was ever right.  Obviously, it got into the thinking of public servants that there was nothing wrong with one generation living off future generations.  We are finally going to be able to put our house in order so that after the year 2002, we are going to be able to pay our own way. Then future generations can have a better life. They will not be saddled with the high interest and the high debt. If we did not change business as usual in this country on fiscal policy, future generations would be facing tax rates in the high 80 percent to pay for the debt that we have loaded on them.  If any Member wonders whether or not we can have a great future without borrowing to the extent to which we borrow, $4.9 trillion, just think, for the first 165-year history of our country, except for the years you classify as war years, our forefathers were able to show surpluses in budgets of the Federal Government 3 out of 4 years.  So the economic philosophy that has come to dominate public policymaking in Washington, DC, that somehow we had to have a deficit to have prosperity, that does not square with the practice of our forefathers who lived within their income and still built a strong, viable economy and a society that was strong.  The moral arguments for this budget are very, very strong, I think the overriding reason for victory that the balanced budget brings.  One other comment that is somewhat a reaction to what has been said on the other side of the aisle about the tax cuts, most importantly about the hogwash of the tax cuts going to the wealthy. I think they express those points of view because there is not an appreciation of what $500 per child in the pockets of middle-class Americans can do for the families of America and what it can do for the economy.  Maybe there is not an appreciation by the limousine liberals of America of what $500 means to a family because the philosophy on the other side of the aisle, quite frankly, is that somehow all the resources of this country belong to the Government, that we let, somehow out of the goodness of our heart, a certain amount of money be given by the Government to the families.  That is all wrong. Everything belongs to the families and the workers of America. Under our constitutional system, people might give up some of their resources to Government through taxes to exercise certain functions that can be done by Government for the good of all of society.  In the last 30 or 40 years, the concept of tax expenditures has crept into our policymaking here in Washington. We say that the deduction for children is a tax expenditure. We say that the tax deduction for interest on home mortgage is a tax expenditure. We say this or that which you can subtract from your income tax is a tax expenditure.  Well, a tax expenditure implies that Government owns all the resources of this Nation and we might expend some of the money back to the families to keep.  We can complain about high taxes and $500 tax credits for families on the other side of the aisle very easily when you start with the concept that every penny made by the working families of America in this country belongs to the Government and Government is going to let the families keep something. That turns good reasoning on its head.  We, on this side of the aisle, accept the premise that all the resources of this country belong to the families and the workers of America and that we, Government, ought to only take from those families what is legitimately needed to exercise the legitimate functions of Government.  That is why on the other side of the aisle they can make light of and maybe even make fun of a $500 tax credit per child.  I want to commend the chairman of the Budget Committee for his hard work in reaching this budget compromise. I want to say it this way so the American people out there, cynical about one person any place in American society maybe can make a difference--and I believe one person can make a difference. I believe that any one person, any place, regardless of their station in American life, can make a difference if they want to. Our society and our system of government allows that to happen. And each person that says they cannot make a difference belittles their contributions that they can make and underestimates their contribution that they can make to American society.  That is true in this body, as well. One person can sometimes make a difference. I think that Senator Pete Domenici's desire to have a sound fiscal policy for this country and to work to a balanced budget has made a difference, just because of the single individual of Senator Domenici. I think I can hold him up as an example, when people are cynical about an individual in Congress making a difference, that we are going to have a balanced budget in the year 2002 because of 1 person out of 535 in this Congress. Maybe I ought to say at least of the 100 Members of the Senate, because Senator Domenici of New Mexico, chairman of the Budget Committee, made a difference.  I suppose, as the Senator from Washington said about an hour ago, everybody cannot have everything that they want in a balanced budget. You can have everything you want when you can borrow unlimited amounts of money to pay for it. But the principle of a balanced budget, for the first time in a generation, dictates that you cannot have all your desires. It dictates the establishment of priorities within Government. It also dictates that every Member of this body cannot have everything they want in a budget.  I, too, like the Senator from Washington, can find parts of this conference report that maybe I do not like. But we cannot lose sight of its singular accomplishment that it balances the budget in 7 years.  This balanced budget will mean that our children and grandchildren will have a better tomorrow. This resolution will also help working families today with lower interest rates and better wages because of the increased productivity that is going to come from it.  It is for these reasons that I intend to vote for this conference report.  While the Congress has produced a balanced budget for the benefit of our children, I want to note by contrast, that the administration has still failed to provide a plan to achieve balance.  Last week I spoke on the floor, urging the administration to provide the additional spending cuts necessary for their new budget proposal to achieve balance. And I urged them to do what the President said he was going to do in February 1993 in his first budget resolution, to use the Congressional Budget Office's economic projections.  As is well known, CBO has stated that President Clinton's budget proposal--that is the second one this year--provides a deficit of $210 billion in the year 2002, the year that Congress' budget resolution gets into balance, the Republican budget resolution gets our budget in balance.  And in the year 2005, the President's budget will still have a $209 billion deficit.  I am very pleased that leaders on the other side of the aisle have already come forward, urging their President to provide for more spending cuts and to use CBO's economic projections so his budget will have integrity and so it will actually be in balance.  Monday's Wall Street Journal quotes the minority leader as saying that President Clinton must find hundreds of billions of dollars in more spending cuts. And in the Washington Times that same day, the minority leader is quoted as saying the White House will comply with CBO estimates.  Another Democratic Senator is quoted in the Washington Times as saying, ``They cooked the numbers. The President needs to get back to the CBO numbers.''  I am glad to see Members on the other side of the aisle agree that the administration must use CBO estimates and must provide hundreds of billions of dollars in more spending cuts. This is necessary if the White House is going to have any credibility in efforts to achieve a balanced budget.  Now the ball is once again in the White House court. I strongly encourage the administration not to punt the ball for a third time. The American people do not want their President to abdicate leadership on the budget. They are glad he is in the ballgame now, but we want him in the ballgame playing as a full member of the team.  This budget we have before us preserves Medicare. Medicare would otherwise be bankrupt in the year 2002. I am glad the President recognizes in his budget that Medicare would be bankrupt by the year 2002, and he proposes slower growth of Medicare as we propose slower growth of Medicare. And even with slower growth, it is still going to grow at 7 percent. Even at slower growth the per capita expenditure for Medicare is going to go up from $4,900 today to $6,500 in the year 2002. We are going to be spending $1.7 trillion on Medicare. We are going to have Medicare still be one of the biggest, if not the biggest programs in the Federal budget. Medicare will not go bankrupt under this budget.  Agriculture is going to do very well under this budget. I thank the chairman for helping us in the Senate hold a strong line on the Senate's figures for agriculture. I think this conference report represents a real victory for agriculture because the House was going to cut agriculture $17 billion for 7 years. Normally, splitting the difference we would have been cutting more than $14 billion. Our figures will be at $13 billion, just above the Senate's recommendations, and the conference retained the sense-of-the-Senate language that only 20 percent of the savings required of the Agriculture Committee should be realized from farm programs.  No one will benefit more from this effort to balance the budget than our family farmers. Because of the intense amount of capital that it takes to be a family farmer and because, especially among young farmers, so much of this capital is borrowed, lower interest rates will be of enormous benefit to this capital-intensive industry. Lower interest rates will result from a balanced budget.  The Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute, which is a combination of the University of Missouri and Iowa State University, analyzed the impact on the farm economy of a balanced budget. In a preliminary estimate, this organization took the CBO estimates of reduced interest rates that would be realized from a balanced budget and said it would translate into a $2.5 billion increase in farm income in the year 2002.  Finally, on the subject of taxes, this conference report assumes $245 billion in tax cuts for the American people, especially working families. I am particularly pleased that under this budget resolution there can be no tax cuts until after CBO has certified that the budget does get to balance.  We all know we have a credibility problem with the American people when we talk about balancing the budget and cutting taxes at the same time. But we overcome that problem with the American people because this resolution will ensure that we have done the hard work first, that we have actually cut the necessary spending that it takes to achieve a balanced budget. It will be an enforceable reconciliation package. And then it will be scored by the Congressional Budget Office so we know there are x number of dollars available for a tax cut and that the tax cut is paid for and we do not cut taxes until that is done. That protects us from the usual traditional use of smoke and mirrors that are too often used, and never gets us to our targeted deficit reduction.  When it comes to tax cuts, as a member of the Finance Committee I state categorically I do not agree with the House of Representatives that we should give middle-income tax cuts to families up to $200,000. As a member of the Finance Committee, I will be working to have that be capped at $100,000. But there is no question that families will greatly benefit from being able to retain more of their income. Families will be able to use those resources for their children's education, their children's health, their children's nutrition. Let the families make the decision, not big Government make the decision on where this money should be spent. Because I am confident that families will make the better choice.  One last note on taxes. I want to make a brief comment about a small, very small but very important part of this budget resolution. I am very pleased that the House agreed to join the Senate in rejecting the off-budget funding for the Internal Revenue Service. The off-budget funding was proposed by the administration to provide for approximately 6,000 more IRS agents. The Senate last month, by a vote of 58 to 42, and it was a bipartisan vote, rejected this off-budget funding for the Internal Revenue Service. By rejecting this off-budget funding gimmick the Congress showed, first, that we would not engage in smoke and mirrors budgeting to achieve balance and, second, by eliminating this off-budget funding for IRS, we showed the American people that this Congress is committed to getting big Government off their back. The IRS has more than sufficient resources to do its job. It does not need the thousands more agents knocking on taxpayers' doors, as proposed by the administration.  This was a small but important victory for the taxpayers. It is a symbol that this new Congress did get a message from the last November election that Americans want to see a smaller, less intrusive Government. In this regard, again, this could not have been done without the help of the chairman of the Budget Committee, Senator Domenici. His dogged work in ensuring that this off-budget funding for the IRS was eliminated made that possible.  This victory would not have been possible, then, without his determined support. I want to close by saying this is truly a historic vote. I did not think I would see the day when we would have a credible budget conference report that would get us to balance, either in my public service or in my lifetime. By adopting this conference report we take the necessary steps to put our fiscal house in order and provide the benefits of a balanced budget to our children and grandchildren.  We all tell our children and grandchildren that it is good and important to have dreams and hopes. This budget will help our children and grandchildren make these dreams and hopes come true.  I yield the floor.  