 They are fitting all the needs that come within those programs within the 602(b) allocation they have been given.  I commend the chairman for the fine work that he has done on this bill and how pleased I am to work with him in reforming the AmeriCorps Program. He has a tough budget problem.  We have a program here, AmeriCorps, that has not worked out the way the administration has said it would work out. I think that is why we are calling for either reinventing this program within the definition of the President's statements when it was first enunciated, when the program was inaugurated, or else lose the program.  That is what my letter to the President in late August said. This is the problem pointed out by the General Accounting Office. We feel that until the problems are corrected, either reinvent it, in other words, or lose it.  We have not had the cooperation of the White House on that point. That is why I think one of the reasons that the chairman felt necessary to zero out this program at this particular time and use the money someplace where there is a greater need for it.  In the process of stating my position in support of the chairman and against the amendment by the Senator from Maryland, I do not take exception to the rationale that the Senator from Maryland or the Senator from Massachusetts gave for the necessity of promoting a great American tradition of voluntarism. I do not take exception to their points that we need to promote a communitarian spirit within our American society. I do not find any fault with anyone who says that we ought to have as a characteristic Americans giving back to the community, because we receive a lot from the community.  I do not find any fault with helping people to get education. I do not find any fault with what I have seen on television for the most part, although lately there have been some stories that are real boondoggles within these programs. Over the vast amount of the TV coverage of this program, I do not find one program of voluntarism that I find fault with.  Compare what it costs with what the managers and the President said that it would cost. We have a program that, according to the General Accounting Office, is costing $26,650 per position. Now, the workers get about $13,000 plus.  We are in a position where the President said 1 Federal dollar would leverage 1 private-sector dollar. The General Accounting Office says that only 8 percent of the $26,650 comes from the private sector.  So we have a program that is 40 percent or more in overhead and administrative costs, bureaucratic costs, when that money could better be used going to the worker. If you want to compare this whole program with another use of the money that I do not think we would find any fault with, at $26,650 we can finance 18 Pell grants for one person being educated under the provisions of AmeriCorps.  This program is not coming out of the pipeline according to the rhetoric that it went into the pipeline. We need to refocus this program so that the money goes to those who are volunteering and that the programs are within the $13,000 of Federal costs that the President and the Director said they would.   This is a period of time when there is a great need to establish very stringent budget priorities. The middle-class American taxpayers are asking us to balance the budget. They want us to make sure that good use is made of their taxpayers' money. Hard-working taxpayers should not have to fund $18.26 for every hour of community service by Government-paid volunteers.  This Congress is committed to setting priorities that would say the money ought to be within the cost that the program was enunciated. These were programs that were going to cost much, much less than $18.26. These are good goals, but it is a high priced method to accomplish the goals of voluntarism when we have $26,650-a-year costs per position. If we keep the Federal costs within the $13,000, that means we are not going to have the high bureaucratic overhead that we have in this program that is pointed out by the General Accounting Office. That is the main reason for my letter to the President, that he needs to reinvent this program or face losing it.  I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. This is an amendment that, if passed, would undermine efforts to reform AmeriCorps and only ensure that the taxpayers' money continues to be wasted in this program.  I hope I come to the floor with some credibility on the issue of trying to consistently support the wise use of taxpayers' money. I hope, as has been said by some critics of our effort to reinvent this program, that it is not a political attack by Republicans on the President's most-favored program.  I remind my colleagues that I have fought for many years against waste of the taxpayers' money, particularly in the Reagan and Bush administration. I fought against waste in the Pentagon. I still continue my efforts to watchdog the taxpayers' money at the Department of Defense.  It was well over a year ago before there was such a political price on this program that I started looking into the AmeriCorps Program, this program that is administered by the Corporation for National Service.  Similar to the Department of Defense under Reagan, AmeriCorps is one of the fastest growing programs in the budget. The administration wants to spend billions over the next several years of taxpayer dollars on this program. Just as with the Pentagon, I found that there was a tremendous waste in the AmeriCorps Program. In many cases, AmeriCorps gives the Pentagon a run for its money in the boondoggle department. For example, while the Air Force paid $7,600, as this chart shows, for a coffee pot, the AmeriCorps Program managed to work with the Navy to produce a $66,715 volunteer.  As we remember from a few years ago, the Department of Defense bought a $600 toilet seat. But the AmeriCorps workers give us a $49,652 volunteer. The Department of Defense a few years ago paid $500 for a hammer. But AmeriCorps pays $42,758 for a volunteer in new England.  There is no disputing the fact that the coffeepots, the toilet seats, and the hammers at the Department of Defense actually work. They actually work. There is no doubt in my mind that the volunteers under AmeriCorps at the Seaborne Corp., or the Magic Me, or the Youth Conservation Corps will work. But what we in Government have to do is find a more wise way to use the taxpayer dollars, whether it is with the $7,600 coffeepot at the Department of Defense or whether it is the $66,000 volunteer in AmeriCorps.  My long experience is that when the Department of Defense and their supporters are confronted with a $500 hammer story, they at least claim that there will be an end to business as usual. They state that there are going to be reforms. Frankly, sometimes these reforms are real and sometimes they are not very real at the Pentagon.  Here with AmeriCorps, we have an amendment that says all is well--that there is nothing wrong with paying nearly $50 an hour for service to the community, nothing wrong with 50 percent cost overruns, and nothing wrong with the taxpayers footing 92 percent of the bill. When it comes to AmeriCorps, $1 of Federal money was going to leverage $1 of private sector contribution to the program. This amendment is the same as Congress saying $500 hammers are completely acceptable, and voting to increase the Pentagon's hardware budget.  I do not find such waste of taxpayers' money acceptable at the Pentagon, and I do not find it acceptable at the AmeriCorps Program.  So, as I said, I wrote to President Clinton last month offering to work with him to reinvent the AmeriCorps Program. I asked him to sit down with Congress and work cooperatively with us in finding ways to have the AmeriCorps Program meet original goals as defined by the President of the United States--not by anybody in this Congress--by the goals that he hoped to achieve and the costs of those programs, and the amount that would come from the private sector and the amount that would come from the taxpayers.  Unfortunately, while the President has found the time to give inspiring speeches in support of AmeriCorps, he has found no time to roll up his sleeves and find common ground with the Congress. It is unfortunate at a time when I asked for common ground with the President that he is giving speeches all over the country wanting to find common ground with the Republican Congress, but never does the common ground of the President ever seem to be the same common ground that we ask for from here.  It is unfortunate that many young people could be denied assistance to go to college because the administration has refused to sit down and talk with the Congress about reforming AmeriCorps and more efficiently using scarce tax dollars.  The administration, at the last hour, at least has responded to our letter today. My letter was sent on August 29. The administration has finally sent a letter in response. Frankly, the letter says nothing. The administration has wrapped up its same tired lines and excuses with a new ribbon. Sadly, it offers nothing new in the way of cooperating with Congress or finding the common ground that is the President's watchword of the last 2 months.  In sum, the administration's response says continue to waste the taxpayers' money on these $66,000 volunteers, continue to hire over 2,000 volunteers to work for the Federal Government, and continue to spend half of the money on overhead and administration instead of helping young people pay for college.  It reminds me of the story of the emperor's clothes. Everyone in the administration is just too afraid to tell the President that AmeriCorps has no clothes, that it is a boondoggle, at least from the standpoint of these high-paying jobs, at least from the standpoint that it is not fitting within the $13,000 of Federal costs that the President defined as what the programs would cost, at least from the standpoint of $1 of Federal money not leveraging $1 from the private sector.  The amendment that is before us, as well intended as it might be to continue the promotion of the communitarian spirit in America, is really just a continuation of the status quo of business as usual.  My colleagues should clearly understand though that this amendment is not the life or death of AmeriCorps. This is about whether there will be a reform of AmeriCorps to stop the waste of the taxpayers' money.  There will be long discussions with the administration regarding the VA-HUD appropriations bill. I am confident that there will be funding for AmeriCorps when the day is done. This amendment is about whether we will undercut efforts to reform this program.  So I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I want them to vote for protecting the taxpayers' money. I want them to be able to help more young people attend college. At the same time, I think we ought to take into consideration that while we are talking about preserving 20,000 AmeriCorps positions, for every one AmeriCorps position, you want to remember that there are 190 young Americans, totaling up I think to 3.9 million Americans, young Americans, I want to emphasize--that is by our Department of Commerce figures--who volunteer every year without getting paid for it.  We need to remind these volunteers who do not get paid that their work is worthy work, even though they do not get paid. The best way I know to do that is to make sure that the President's objective is met of having these positions paid relatively small amounts of money to earn a stipend to go to college, to leverage $1 of private sector money for every $1 of Federal money spent, and staying within those guidelines that the President set--not that we set--is the best way to show the 3.9 million young people who volunteer that their work is appreciated as well.  Perhaps we can accomplish the President's goals of young people being educated, promoting the communitarian spirit, helping people in need, without jeopardizing either the public sector attempt to do that or a gigantic private sector attempt that has been characteristic of American society for decades before there was ever a President Clinton.  I yield back my unused portion of the 30 minutes and yield the floor.  