 I am going to take just a few more minutes and then yield the floor to my colleagues.  We have seen well-intended Federal programs destroy the nuclear family. And then we see amendments like we have before us today to continue that form of Federal control.  There is something I believe that we as Republicans and Democrats do agree on, and that is that the current system must be changed and changed dramatically. How dramatically?  Well, not very dramatically from the ideas we are getting from the other side of the aisle. When you want to end a Federal entitlement and let the States make the decisions, that is very dramatic.  We do not all agree that the welfare state is broken, but both Republicans and Democrats agree that the welfare system within the welfare state is broken, or we would not even have these ideas from the other side of the aisle.  The leadership bill meets the basic goals of welfare reform. That is to provide a system that meets the short-term needs of low-income Americans as they prepare for independence, to provide for much greater State flexibility, to reduce the incidence of out-of-wedlock births and strengthen the family, and finally to save the taxpayers some of their hard-earned money.  It is interesting to me that many Members will oppose the leadership bill and support the Moynihan bill because they say our proposal might hurt children. Yet I wish that these same Members would admit that the current system has hurt children.  The system I have described has not been good for our children. If we truly care about these children, we will reform very dramatically the current detrimental system.  Then you have to consider: If you are concerned about children, you also have to be concerned about children who are not on welfare. And if we are not concerned about doing something about this out-of-control Federal spending--though welfare is a small part of it--then we do not show the proper concern for each child born this day who inherits at the first breath $18,000 of responsibility for the $4.9 trillion debt we have. If we do not reverse the deficit crisis, our children, all children, will pay 80 percent of their lifetime earnings in taxes. Mr. President, that is wrong. We have to be concerned about the children who are not on welfare as well as children who are on welfare.  It is appropriate for us to be concerned about the children of low-income Americans but, frankly, I think it is about time that we are concerned about all the children of America. That means we have to reduce the deficit while we change the welfare system to free those who are trapped in it. If we take steps to move people from welfare to work, to give more flexibility to the States, to reduce illegitimacy and to strengthen the family, we will in the long run save the taxpayers money. This will be the natural result of positive changes to the current system.  I yield the floor.  