 President, I am going to use the same amount of time Senator Moynihan has left, and then I will yield back my time.  I would like to respond to a couple statements that have been made, I think one by Senator Moynihan, the other one by Senator Breaux. They each made the point that since my State of Iowa has been doing so well in getting waivers, why should we not just continue building upon the 1988 act.  The point here, Mr. President, is first, that it takes such a very, very long time to get a waiver. Second, I believe state legislatures, in changing their welfare laws with the hopes of getting a waiver, are relatively less dynamic and venturesome than they would be if they had the sole authority to make a determination of what they wanted in welfare reform for their State.  Just to show you how complicated it is to get such a waiver approved, a State can sometimes be caught getting waivers from four different Federal Departments: The Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and the Department of Labor.  All four of these Departments are, in one way or another, responsible for programs that affect low-income families served by our current welfare system. However, there is no coordination among these Departments in granting waivers to the States. In fact, each specific program has its own set of statutes and rules defining the parameters of possible waivers.  I could give you description after description of what my State of Iowa has gone through. In the first days of debate on this legislation, we heard speeches by the Senator from Oregon about the complicated process of waivers that Oregon had to go through, the multitudes of meetings, the multitudes of trips to Washington, DC, the changes that were required, and then they had to go back through the approval process again. We want to end the process by which the coequal States of our Union come to Washington hat in hand on bended knee to get these waivers.  The last point I will make is this. We have had the opportunity again today to hear from the Senator from Illinois about the plight of children. She does this very well.  There is no disputing anything she says, including the facts and figures that she has given of the rapid increase in the number of children in those circumstances.  But let me remind her--let me remind everybody--as we debate welfare   reform, as we consider a change of this system, that all the problems she describes are under a failed system. All those statistics that have increased in number, such as the number of people in poverty--the system that is being defended today, is the cause of those increases.  It is about time that we try something new. I think we have seen the success of the States, and we ought to move to a new approach.  I ask my colleagues to vote against the Moynihan amendment.  I yield 2 minutes to the Senator from New York.  