 President, I am not sure that everybody is aware of what we are considering as the underlying bill in this body. But remember, during the campaign there was a hue and cry from the grassroots, expressed very clearly in that election, that people wanted to end the situation where we had two sets of laws in America, one for Capitol Hill and one for the rest of the Nation.  In other words, Congress did not have certain employment safety laws apply to us that applied to the private sector. The small business people of America are very up in arms about the fact that they have to abide by very egregious legislation, and we who make the laws have exempted ourselves from that. That bill passed the House of Representatives 2 days ago unanimously. Senator Dole placed the Congressional Accountability Act, which I and Senator Lieberman are main sponsors of, as a first bill on the agenda because he wanted to respond to the people at the grassroots who expressed in that election the resentment of a dual system of law in America.  So that is why that bill is before us. We had debate on that bill yesterday. Senator Glenn, the Democratic manager, spoke very eloquently of the reasons that legislation ought to pass. Senator Lieberman did, several other Democrats and several Republicans did.  There does not seem to be much disagreement about what the people said in that election and that S. 2 ought to pass the Senate like it has already passed the House. Yet, we are not getting from there to here very quickly because we are dealing with a lot of amendments that are unrelated to the bill that the people so clearly expressed in the election that we ought to pass and do it very quickly.  By the way, one of the things that the new majority wants to do is show the people of this country that it is not business as usual anymore in Washington on Capitol Hill passing legislation that they clearly stated they wanted passed and that is on the agenda of the victor of that election, and we ought to get to it and get the job done. The other body stated that they understood that very well with their action 2 days ago. Hopefully, we will get that done in this body very quickly. But we have dealt with lobbying reform. We have dealt with campaign finance reform. We are going to deal with the issue of private use of frequent flyer mileage. We are now dealing with a very important issue of balancing the budget.  There is not one of these issues that is being presented by our friends on the other side of the aisle that are not very legitimate issues to be discussed here. But every one of these issues will be discussed pursuant to the promise of our distinguished leader, Senator Dole, who said that within just a few weeks we will have lobbying reform and campaign finance reform before this body. It is already on the majority agenda in both the House and Senate that we are going to take up a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget. In just 6 weeks we will be working on the budget resolution that fits right into what my friend, the Senator from Nebraska, is trying to accomplish this time on this very important underlying piece of legislation.  So I wish that we could get some sort of understanding that we could deal with what the people want us to deal with. The purpose of S. 2 is responding to the mandate of the people in the last election that we should end the dual system of law within this country, one set of law for Congress, and another set of law for the rest of the Nation. But all of this other discussion that is going on is preventing us from getting at what we promised the people in the last election.  I do not have a fight with the Senator from Nebraska. He has very worthwhile goals on budget issues. In fact, if you remember in the last Congress, the only successful effort to change President Clinton's budget was the Exon-Grassley amendment that was adopted that cut $26 billion from the President's budget when it passed the Senate and $13 billion from the compromise version that came out of the conference committee.  So I have worked very closely with Senator Exon in trying to bring a sound fiscal policy to our Federal Government. I will continue to work with him for a sound fiscal policy. Why do it on legislation that is so easily understood by the American people that they very clearly want? And we are almost set to give it to them. The President is prepared to sign it. And I just think we ought to get on with the show and final passage of this legislation and forget about all of this extraneous stuff that is not unimportant. It is a very important issue to be discussing. But there is a time and place for everything, and the time and place is set for all these other issues within just the next few weeks. We are taking up what ought to be No. 1 on everybody's mind. We have it up. We ought to pass it.  I yield the floor.  