 President, I oppose the Johnston amendment because it is unnecessary and based on false premises. Under the constitutional balanced budget amendment before us, the Congress will have the authority to enforce the balanced budget amendment. All issues regarding the implementation and enforcement of the amendment will be resolved through implementing legislation.  A constitutional amendment necessarily is limited to general principles. It cannot spell out all issues that could arise under that amendment. Many constitutional amendments provide that Congress can enforce the provision through appropriate legislation. House Joint Resolution 1 follows in that tradition.  I agree that any litigation that might be brought under this amendment should be resolved expeditiously. But the amendment offered by the Senator from Louisiana is not necessary to achieve that result. Congress can set the appropriate jurisdiction of the Federal courts. Congress can pass implementing legislation that provides for Federal court actions only. And it can provide for expedited review of lower court decisions and set forth the available relief.  However, Congress cannot adopt the suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana that Congress could give the Supreme Court original jurisdiction to hear a case under the balanced budget amendment. The Supreme Court ruled in Marbury versus Madison that Congress cannot expand the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.  Only litigants with standing to challenge governmental action under the amendment would be able to file a lawsuit under the requirements of article III. Some few individuals might have standing. Even these individuals, however, would not be able to require a judicial resolution of their cases if the Court concludes that the case raises a political question.  Under the political question doctrine, courts will not decide cases raising issues that appropriately fall within the authority of the other two branches. For example, the Constitution guarantees a Republican form of government.  But the courts have refused to issue decisions in cases raising that constitutional provision because its enforcement appropriately lies within the authority of the political branches. Similarly, courts have refused to intervene in challenges to the President's authority over foreign affairs.  Many of the questions raised under this amendment would also be political ones that courts would not rule on.  All the supporters of the balanced budget amendment are concerned with the idea of courts potentially making tax and spending decisions. We intend that courts not do that. And we will pass implementing legislation to address the process by which any litigation can be brought. There is no need to preclude judicial enforcement pending the enactment of that implementing legislation.  