 President, on a Monday morning, to focus on a very important amendment that the Senator from Kansas has offered, when we are going to have a very long week on this bill, is a sharp contrast from sometimes the easy subjects we are discussing on Friday afternoon when we adjourn for a weekend. To start out with the very basic issue of child care that Senator Kassebaum has brought up is really starting out with a heavy burden. The Senator from Kansas is always well prepared, and so we cannot find any fault with the preparation for her amendment, but we do take exception to the rationale behind the amendment and consequently cannot support it.  Behind the amendment I believe is an assumption that somehow if you are on welfare, or are low income, and it comes to the subject of getting up in the morning and going to work--and obviously if you are on welfare, there is a family involved, so there is a child that must be taken some place when you are on welfare--it assumes somehow that low-income people are different than other people; that when it comes to child care, they cannot do it; they cannot seek good child care, go through the business arrangements required, and on their own, without the help of the Federal Government or without the help of the State government, be able to provide for the care of a child while the mother and/or father are at work. It assumes that low-income people are not capable of this or assumes that they do not want to do it.  One of the things our reform proposal intends to do is to assume that whether people are low income or not, they are, first of all, concerned about their family; and, second, that they have the capacity to do what must be done for their family; that you just cannot assume because people are low income, somehow they do not have that ability.  Part of the basis for welfare reform is to enhance individual responsibility, detract from the dependency of the State that has been paramount to the system we have had historically and to start out with the assumption that low income people have the basic innate capabilities that other people have if given the opportunity.  Just recently, as I have said so many times on the floor of this body, our State of Iowa passed a welfare reform proposal that is going to enhance this individual responsibility. In fact, under our system, welfare recipients sign a contract with the State establishing certain points in the near future when they will take certain actions regarding the family, regarding seeking a job, regarding education, if that is necessary before a job, and eventually to getting a job so they work their way off welfare. Individual responsibility is the essence of that contract which the recipient signs with the State of Iowa.  There is a welfare recipient in my State who recently told a State legislator that the problem with the Iowa welfare reform was that we had gone from a system of no choices, where the State told her what to do, when to do it, and where to do it, to a system of choices in which she had to plan for her future, decide what opportunities to take and, in her words, ``to be responsible.''  For her being faced with choices was the hardest part of the reform, but I hope she recognizes, and us as well, that the hardest part of the reform is basic to whether or not things are going to be different under a new system. The issue comes down to whether we are going to assume the capabilities that all Americans have of making decisions and wanting to make decisions and set up an environment for those decisions to be made.  I think the amendment that has just been presented by the Senator from Kansas assumes that the welfare recipient might not be totally capable, or ought not to have the responsibility even, of making that decision.  The story I mentioned about the Iowa welfare recipient is true. I think it epitomizes what is wrong with the current system. And when we give States an opportunity to do better than what the Federal Government wants to do, we can move in the direction of changing our paternalistic system. It is promoting and even rewarding dependency.  There are many low-income American families who are struggling to make ends meet and be responsible without any public assistance. They take pride in their successes. And they have dignity for their efforts to be self-sufficient through employment. They get up every morning and they take their children to child care. They go to a job where they work all day. They pick up their children in the afternoon and go home.  That is what most American families do. That is what even most American families who are low income or ``working poor'' do without any concern by any bureaucracy. They just do it. When you lump in some of the other benefits that go with AFDC that may not have an immediate cash value, there are some people on welfare who are not too far below what low-income working people make over the course of a year.  And yet somehow with this amendment the assumption is that if you are on welfare and make X number of dollars, the State has all this responsibility to see that you have food on the table, child care, job training before you go to a job, and assistance in finding a job.  In contrast, if you have never been part of the welfare system and you have a job that does not pay very well, you get up in the morning, find your own job, take your kids to child care, pick them up at night. Additionally, you had to worry about your own training if there was training for that job, without any concern of a bureaucrat looking out for you.  Why the difference? One system breeds dependence. The other independence. We want to change that. We want people who are on welfare to assume responsibility and to move forward with life.  They should not somehow be segregated as different from other people without the capability of exercising a normal life.  Well, those families who work are faced with decisions on how to deal with their daily challenges, how to budget for their family's needs, what to do if their child care falls through for the day and how to plan for their future. In contrast, today's welfare system does not allow, expect, or encourage welfare recipients to make these normal, everyday decisions.  I think this legislation is about changing all that, ending business as usual for families, requiring recipients to take responsibility and learn to make decisions that most American families are faced with every day.  And, of course, one of those decisions is child care.  It is conceivable that a State may want to take a new approach of combining cash assistance and child care funding into a single grant to a family. The family then would make the decision on who to provide care for their children and the fair rate that they need to pay in a negotiated agreement with the providers.  That is what most American families do. The amendment before us by the Senator from Kansas would apply all of the child care development block grant standards to all child care funding, no matter what the source of the Federal dollars might be.  For instance, the amendment assumes payment to the provider would be guaranteed directly from the State. This would take away the premise of family responsibility and independence. This is what we need to change. We need a system where a State would be allowed to challenge public assistance recipients to be responsible and to make the child care decisions themselves as well as making the payments themselves.  We should not assume the worst about public assistance recipients, that they are incapable of making these decisions in the best interest of their children and family. If we really want an environment of State flexibility, we should be minimizing standards, not maximizing them. As we all know, the best welfare reform proposals have come from the State level, not from the Federal Government. So, if we maximize State flexibility to be creative with reforms, including child care, we do that by leaving these decisions to the States. So if we want to give States block grants and the flexibility that goes with it, rather than continue the rigid existing programs and regulations, then it seems to me that we have to limit prescriptive operating guidelines in our legislation.  As well intended as the Senator's amendment is, it is tied to the old way of doing business. It is tied to the philosophy that, first of all, when it comes to the families of AFDC recipients, everyone needs a bureaucrat looking out for them. It assumes that government knows better. It assumes that when government knows better, that of all governments, the Federal Government knows better. It assumes that parents, if low income and on a government program, know less about meeting the needs of their families than low-income families who are not on public assistance.  It assumes because you are low income that you have capabilities less than people who are middle income or higher income, and that is not true.  It segregates too many Americans into certain categories. We ought to be eliminating the categorization of Americans, the balkanization of our society. We ought to be working in this body to bring our country together, not to separate it.  We should be working in this body for eliminating any differences we can, particularly those differences that come because of Government involvement.  So, I hope that the amendment of the Senator from Kansas can be defeated. I yield the floor  