 President, in my opinion no other area of regulation needs reform as desperately as wetlands regulation. No less than four Federal agencies claim jurisdiction over agricultural wetlands and these agencies often use conflicting manuals and procedures in delineating and regulating the use of wetlands.  I have addressed this body several times in the past regarding the complex, confusing, illogical, and downright burdensome way that the Federal Government regulates wetlands in agricultural areas.  Most of my colleagues must agree with this assessment because in March, the Senate passed by unanimous consent, a moratorium on new wetland delineations. Subsequently, the administration agreed with the Senate and imposed its own moratorium. This will allow Congress the opportunity to reform existing wetlands policy.  Even if Congress does not act, however, S. 343 will force agencies to recognize common sense and sound science when promulgating wetland regulations. And when agencies begin to act in a rational manner, maybe we can avoid situations like the one in Iowa that I am about to describe.  Mr. President, as I travel across my State and talk to farmers and other property owners, I hear many stories of senseless regulations and bureaucratic nightmares. But the problems of a farmer in Greene County, IA, may be the most vivid example of the need for common sense in rulemaking.  This particular farm in Greene County has been continuously cropped for almost 90 years. The original drainage system was installed in 1906.  As this chart illustrates, from 1906 until 1992, the land was framed and no wetland existed on this part of the farm. In 1992 this all changed.  During the summer of 1992, the local drainage district decided to replace the original system with an open ditch. This was all carried out in consultation with the Soil Conservation Service.  Prior to the construction of the ditch, the owner of the farm was informed by the SCS that the ditch would result in the creation of a small wetland, about 150 feet on each side of the ditch.  After the ditch was installed, however, the SCS district office changed its mind and classified 14.2 acres as ``converted wetland.''  Now once a farmer has part of his farm declared a wetland, it can no longer be cropped. So in effect, the Government is depriving this farmer of the economic use of his own property, even though the farmer did not create the wetland, and even though the land had been farmland, not a wetland, for the past 90 years.  At that point, the only recourse available to the farmer was through   the appeals process. In this case, however, the appeals process only made the situation much worse.  Before the first appeal, the SCS had already changed its initial wetlands classification of 14.2 acres to 10.8 acres. The SCS area office confirmed this designation during the first appeal. At the second appeal, the State SCS office decided that the wetland was actually 17 acres. And at the final appeal level, at the SCS national office, the wetland was determined to be 28.2 acres.  Mr. President, as you can see on this chart, this farm was cropped from 86 years. But then, through no fault of the farmer, the SCS decided there was a wetland on this land. And this wetland apparently was expanding rapidly--from 10.8 acres to over 28 acres in less than 2 years  Keep in mind that nothing had happened during this time that actually changed the size of the wetland. The farmer did not farm the land. The drainage system was not expanded. And no additional water was present in the area.  The only difference was the way each level of the agency interpreted the wetland regulations. And undoubtedly, the lack of common sense contained in the underlying regulations caused this confusion within the agency.  All of this sounds ridiculous until you consider that a real price is paid by our citizens who are subject to these regulations. The farmer in Greene County, IA will lose thousands of dollars in future income because the bureaucracy decided that he could not farm his land. Even though this land had been farmed continuously for the past 90 years.  It is cases such as this that undermine the faith that Americans have in their Government. It is cases such as this that motivate the electorate to throw out a party that has been in control of Congress for the past 40 years. And if S. 343 will help just one person like the farmer in Greene County, IA, then the Senate should pass this bill and the President should sign it into law.  