 President, I thank the kind Senator from Texas for yielding.  I want to commend the Senator for her leadership in shepherding the services tonight, of making sure that the other point of view, the responsible financial point of view, is expressed here tonight, when elsewhere in this town we know there is a very antipeople pro-big Government point of view being expressed at a fundraising party for the Democratic Party.  There was a story this morning on the front page of the Washington Post. I think it has a lot of Members on this side of the aisle, and probably people across the country, just simply scratching their heads. The report says that President Clinton now has a secret budget counter-proposal. Do you know what? It will balance the budget within 10 years.  Mr. President, if this is true--and I suppose I ought to hope it is true because I have been praying for a balanced budget from this White House for a long time--it is truly an amazing story. First of all, it undercuts all the wailing we have been hearing from the White House about the effect on the economy and the public of setting an arbitrary date for a balanced budget. That is making fun of us Republicans for trying to balance the budget by the year 2002.  It seems that all we have heard for the last month out of the White House is, ``What is magic about a certain date to balance the budget?'' If you balance the budget you would ruin the economy. If you balance the budget you would do this to that group, or that to another group. Now, all of a sudden in the Washington Post, the President says that he wants to balance the budget--albeit in 10 years.  I think even members of the President's own party and members of the President's party in both chambers of the Congress had earlier disagreed openly with the White House on this point. There was disagreement on what to do. Do you know what? The Members of the Democratic Party up here on the hill, they look to the President for leadership.  The message they got was to stay the course. The President said just keep to it, stay the course. That is, offer nothing in rebuttal to the Republican attempt to balance the budget. No vision from the White House; no alternative from the White House.  And, do you know what? The Members up here on the Hill were very obedient, listening to their President. So they refrained from offering their own balanced budget alternative, or any other comprehensive alternative to the Republican efforts to balance the budget.  So, the members of the Democratic Party stood idly by during this budget debate and risked their credibility because they wanted to follow their leader, our President of the United States. Now, with this new development that the President is for a balanced budget, albeit in 10 years, they, the members of the Democratic Party in the Congress of the United States in both Houses of the Congress, also are undercut by their President just like members of the White House staff have been. Just like he undercut the recent arguments of everybody on his staff that was trying to defend his position of just stay the course. Do not offer an alternative.  Second, this also says that the Republican vision of a balanced budget is right after all, and it is filling a very enormous political void. The American people know where we stand and they do not know where the other side stands. The American people know what the Republican Party stands for. They do not know what the Democratic Party stands for. They do not know because for several months, until this very day, they were told a balanced budget did not matter. They were told that we should not have an alternative, as Democrats, to what the Republicans were trying to do.  Also, there is a third aspect to this. Because, in filling that void and because the President is now coming around to accepting the premise of the Republican vision for the future, this new development is a powerful demonstration of the President's lack of leadership. Because, you know what? The lack of leadership demonstrates followership. It leaves a perception of a desperate move to be included. The President of the United States wants to be relevant, finally, in the debate for a balanced budget.  It shows that our Republican call for the other side to put up or be silent has had an effect. It shows that we have opened up a big weakness in the other side's flank, namely its very own credibility. Because you cannot talk the talk until you walk the walk. Everyone knows that. Everyone outside of Washington.  Now, obviously the President knows it as well. The time to show relevance and to show leadership on the part of the President was last February. That is when the President proposed. The Congress is now disposing. The process has passed the President by. The ship of state has left the dock.  It is as if the President is trying to rush ahead to the next port to catch up with the ship. The problem is the ship is not scheduled to stop there. And it will not.  