 President, a recent paper by the Progressive Policy Institute leveled three criticisms at the Republican welfare reform plan. It is to generate short-term budget savings, the first charge leveled; to satisfy GOP Governors' demands for flexibility; and, lastly, to avoid making tough decisions.  Now, obviously, that last statement is most ludicrous that the Progressive Policy Institute leveled against us because we have seen the Federal Government fail on welfare reform. You know, there was a massive effort made in 1988 at the Federal level to move people from welfare to work, to save the taxpayers money. We have seen 3.1 million more people on welfare now than before we passed our so-called welfare reform plan in 1988.  In the meantime, we have seen States like Missouri, my State of Iowa, the States of Wisconsin, Michigan, Massachusetts, New Jersey--and I suppose there are a lot of others that ought to be named--reform welfare in a very ambitious way and in an ambitious way that we have not had the guts or the will to do here in Washington, DC, at the congressional level. And we have seen through State action people move from welfare to work and saving the taxpayers money. In my own State of Iowa we have 2,000 less people on welfare than 3 years ago when we passed the welfare reform plan. We have seen our monthly checks go from an average of $360 down to $340. And we have seen the highest percentage of any State in the Nation of people who are on welfare moving to work, at 35 percent.  So can you believe it, Mr. President, that the Progressive Policy Institute would level a charge that we are trying to avoid making tough decisions when we have failed at tough decisions or we have not made the tough decisions that should have been made and we have seen States make those tough decisions and be very successful in the process?  Also, that second criticism that is leveled, to satisfy the GOP Governors' demands for flexibility, well, the history of welfare reform proves that when we have given States waivers so that they can do certain welfare reform things that we could not do here, we have seen that flexibility move people from welfare to work and to save the taxpayers money.  So, obviously, it is ludicrous that we would have these sorts of charges leveled against us. But those three criticisms do reveal very key differences between Republican plans for welfare reform and Democratic plans for welfare reform.  One of the things that sets the Republican effort apart from the Democrats is our unwillingness to apologize for our desire to balance the budget by the year 2002. We want to balance the budget because it is the right thing to do. By not having a balanced budget, we are living our lives at the expense of our children and grandchildren. Every child born today already owes $18,000 to the Federal Government, and will pay 80 percent of his or her lifetime income in taxes if we do not balance the budget and do it as soon as we said we were going to do it as well.  Of course, not balancing the budget and passing on the costs to our children and grandchildren--and if one of those were born this very minute, and there are some at this very minute being born, they have $18,000 a year debt before they ever get out of the hospital.  It is immoral, it is irresponsible, and it cannot continue. Republicans acknowledge that and we were elected to do something about it, and so part of the process of balancing the budget is to make sure that there are no sacred cows, to make sure that every program in the budget, every geographical section of the country contributes toward balancing that budget.  So one of those programs that must be affected is the welfare program of the Federal Government, a program that we thought we reformed in 1988, a program that has produced 3.1 million more people on welfare, and that is after increases in welfare had leveled off dramatically during the 1980's.  Some people in this body would say that we have had the dramatic increase in welfare numbers, the 3.1 million I referred to, because we had a recession in 1991 and 1992. But not so, because if you go back to the recessions of 1975 and 1976, which were much deeper than the recession of 1991 and 1992, you will not find dramatic increases in welfare. In fact, you will find a decline in the number of people going on welfare.  But if you study very deeply the reason why we have 3.1 million more people on welfare than we did when we passed the 1988 Welfare Reform Act, it is directly attributable to some of the changes that were made there.  Welfare must be affected then. Welfare reform must come as part of an effort to balance the budget, even though welfare reform is a worthy goal in and of itself, even if we were not trying to balance the budget.  Why is it worthy in and of itself? Because we have had 40 or 50 years of Federal AFDC programs that have encouraged dependency, discouraged independence, ruined the family, besides costing the taxpayers a lot of dollars.  Are we saying that people who have problems that need help to get over a hump in their lives should be disregarded by Government? Not whatsoever. But we are saying that the program of helping people over a bump or a hump in their life, a period where maybe they were destitute and needed some short-term help, we are saying that should not become a way of life, and a program that provides that short-term help should not lead to greater Government dependency and lack of personal responsibility.  So, in the effort to balance the budget, as we acknowledge that, we do not see reducing the budget as the reason for welfare reform, but we see that as a result. If we change welfare from a trap to a trampoline, we will spend less on the program in the long run. If it is a system that springs people to independence and removes generational effects of the current program, it will cost less. That is a result, that is not a reason for welfare reform.  Another difference, after saying that a major difference between the Republican plan and the Democratic plan is that we believe in balancing the budget, but that is a result, that is not a reason for welfare reform, then another difference between our plan and that of our opposition is that we Republicans believe State leaders are more than capable of making good decisions on how to help the needy. We believe that Governors and State legislators and other State leaders, people closer to the grassroots, can create more innovative systems that actually work better to meet the needs of those who need some short-term help over a hump, over a bump in their life. We do not believe that States should have to come, hat in hand on bended knee, to some Federal bureaucrat for permission to try some new idea. That is a very key difference between Republicans and Democrats.  Thank God there have been some waivers given, and maybe that is one good aspect of the 1988 legislation, it did give States some leeway. But can you believe it? My State of Iowa adopted a program, and it was 8 months before the Federal bureaucrats got done playing around with it so we got the approval to move ahead with a program that has 2,000 less people on welfare, reduced the monthly checks from $360 to $340 and has raised from 18 percent to 35 percent the percentage of people on welfare moving to jobs.  Republicans think that States should have the flexibility to create systems that work for each State's population. We do not believe, as Republicans, that you can pour one mold in Washington, DC and out of that mold have a program that attempts with success and with good use of the taxpayers' dollars to handle the welfare problems of New York City the same way that we would in Waterloo, IA or, in the case of the Presiding Officer, Cleveland, OH.  We think that leaders at the local and State level are going to get us more for our taxpayers' dollars, spend less of those dollars and probably move more people to work and have less dependency than what we will if we try to solve this with one uniform program that treats the welfare problems in New York City exactly the same way they are treated in Waterloo, IA.  We Republicans acknowledge that the old one-size-fits-all approach of Washington, DC has been a disaster. It has not worked. It will not work, and Republicans are simply living with reality to want to change it, change it based upon the successes of States who have had more guts to experiment, to try dynamic new approaches to moving people from welfare to work than what we were willing to do at the Federal level.  There is one more thing that I want to point out of this particular criticism, Mr. President. I believe Democrats are failing to realize that the American people have elected 30 Republican Governors. They, obviously, are saying that the Democrats have had their chance at working out these problems and nothing happened. Now Republicans are being given the opportunity, and we are taking it and we are making the most of it.  The President ran on a platform promising to end welfare as we know it. Well, he failed. With a Democratic President in 1993, 1994, with a Democratic President for the first time in 12 years, a President who, in his opening speech to the Congress, reiterated what he said in the 1992 election, that we are going to end welfare as we know it, we never had a proposal. So that administration has failed. That Congress has failed. The people chose the Republicans for a new Congress, and so we are giving the people what we said we would in the last election and what they said they wanted.  Finally, Republicans are making tough decisions. We are admitting that we at the Federal level do not have a lock on ingenuity, or a lock on wisdom, and obviously we do not have a lock on compassion. We are acknowledging that there is creativity, that there is wisdom, and there is concern at the State level. We are humbly accepting that maybe we at the Federal level do not have all of the answers. There is an old saying, Mr. President, which is that insanity is doing the same old things and expecting different results.  Well, that is what the Democrats are doing, I believe, with their welfare reform program. Republicans recognize that by giving up some of our power to the States and the people, we will have better results both in terms of meeting the needs of low-income families and in terms of our efforts in balancing the budget. The criticisms of the Progressive Policy Institute are, of course, out there in the public with the intention of shaping us into changing our perspective. On the contrary, I think they simply let us know, as the majority party in this new Congress, that we are headed in the right direction by getting the Federal Government basically out of the welfare business, turning it over to the States, for the track record of the States in recent years has been a tremendous success compared to the failure of the last reform out of this Congress which, instead of producing savings, is costing much more. Instead of moving people from welfare to work, we have 3.1 million more people on welfare, a greater dependency on the Government, less personal responsibility, and obviously a great cost to the taxpayers.  That is why I hope this body will ratify the work of the Finance Committee on the welfare reform proposal that came out of that committee. It came out of the committee with some bipartisan support--all of the Republicans and a few of the Democrats--because I think that there is going to be a bipartisan effort on final passage, if we can get there. I believe, quite frankly, that whatever passes this body is going to be signed by the President. I do not think, even if he does not get the welfare reform that he wants--with the public cry for welfare reform and for moving people from welfare to work and saving the taxpayers dollars, and an understanding of that at the grassroots--that this President would dare veto anything that we send.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  