 President, I speak in support of the amendment of the Senator from South Carolina, Senator Hollings. I am also expressing my support for preserving the Office of Technology Assessment. I am not here to make a case that it be preserved with a certain amount of dollars. I am not here to make a case that we maintain the status quo. I am not here to say that OTA can not function with less people. I am not even here to say that you ought to maintain the Office of Technology Assessment Board, and I am a member of that board.  I am here to say that OTA ought to continue or at least its function as a congressional aid ought to be maintained. We need OTA because it provides information so that we can identify existing and probable impacts of technological application. The application of technology impacts upon a lot of public policy that we make in the Congress of the United States.  We need to have a great deal of confidence in the information that is available for changes in public policy or the creation of public policy.  Before I ever came to Congress, Congress saw the need for this sort of information. By statute, OTA must secure unbiased information regarding the impact of technological application.  OTA is one of the few truly neutral sources of information for the Congress. In a very real sense, OTA is our source of objective counsel when it comes to science and technology and its interaction with public policy decision making.  There are plenty of places for information in this town, but so many of these sources of information come from the private sector--and there is nothing wrong with the private sector; there is nothing wrong with organizations protecting their own interests, even if it is in the area of science and technology. But if we do not have an unbiased source of information, then we have to rely on organizations with a stake in keeping alive programs that benefit their interests.  Special interests can fund research, that goes without saying. But it seems to me that Congress ought to have an independent source of information representing all interests in science and technology. Pretty much the same way that the subcommittee has made a determination that a lot of other agencies that it funds ought to exist because of their independence. The General Accounting Office is an example. The subcommittee this year decided that the General Accounting Office should get less money next year than this year and it that it ought to be streamlined and have staff reductions. But that respected organization is being maintained because the subcommittee felt that a postaudit agent, that is responsible to the Congress, should continue to exist.  It is not any different for science and technology. We ought to have an independent source of information, unbiased, not tied to any special interest. The information that OTA provides comes to us and we use it to determine public policy that has a scientific or technological basis.  It goes without saying that except for a few professionals here and there, like a medical doctor or an engineer, there are not very many Members of Congress who are experts in technical and scientific issues. Of course, we have our personal staff and we have committee staff. But our committee staffs lack the time and the expertise to do in-depth analysis of these issues. OTA can do that.  Congress is not made up of a wide range of professional backgrounds. Two-thirds of the Senators are lawyers. Half the House of Representatives, I believe, is made up from the profession of law.  As I remind you so often, there are only a few of us in this Congress who are farmers. But I would not rely on my judgment on highly technical and highly scientific agriculture issues the same way that I can rely upon OTA when they do studies in these areas that are so essential to agriculture. It puts me in a much better position, and my colleagues in a much better position, to make decisions on agricultural policy based on science and technological based information.  Neither the Federal Government nor the private sector can do analysis geared to the particular interests of congressional committees. OTA can do just that. And it is the smallest and the least expensive congressional agency.  OTA is intimately interfaced with Congress through its bipartisan Technology Assessment Board. I am a member of that board and know something about the operation of it. The board does not need to exist just because I am a member of it.  It does not matter whether Chuck Grassley is a member of that board or not; you can eliminate the Board, if you want, but still keep OTA's function. There might be better ways to get the job done than the way it was originally set up.  OTA works closely with Congress through its bipartisan Technology Assessment Board. The Board is equally made up of Democrats and Republicans. I have served on this board since 1987 and I can certify the Board ensures compliance with statutory and procedural requirements for each OTA project. This is a unique governance for oversight purposes. Other agencies--like GAO--do not have this special bipartisan group overseeing their operation.  I want to assure all my colleagues that OTA resources are carefully managed in this bipartisan way, and I can certify that the OTA board carefully screens for--and most importantly, does not allow duplicate work. Projects are not self-generated; they are initiated at the request of congressional committees. The committees that have requested the most studies are the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation; Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee; Senate Environment and Public Works Committee; Senate Governmental Affairs Committee; Senate Agricultural, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee; Senate Armed Services Committee; Senate Finance Committee; Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee; and the Senate Committee on Indian affairs.  A few of my colleagues have said that the GAO can do the work that OTA currently does. I disagree. I do not show any disrespect for the General Accounting Office in regard to that. In fact, I have been a requester of help from the General Accounting Office and they do a good job. But the General Accounting Office is not equipped to do the highly technical and scientific work that is done by OTA.  Let me explain the backgrounds of the staff of the particular agencies. The General Accounting Office's staff, process, and traditions are primarily those of an audit and program evaluation unit. Only four percent of the GAO staff have Ph.D's, and few of these doctorates are in science and engineering. In contrast, 58 percent of OTA's staff has Ph.D's in these areas, and half of those hold degrees in hard sciences. The GAO has relied on prior or concurrent work of the OTA for scientific and technical aspects of the study.  It seems to me that speaks more to the point raised about what GAO can do and not do in this area than anything I can say. GAO relies on OTA for highly scientific and technological information.  As we continue moving into a highly technical world, we must ensure that we know how public policy impacts future trends and the reverse of that. OTA provides a very high level of expertise to help us understand these trends, while balancing the views of opponents and proponents of various courses of action.  OTA translates modern technical material for legislative and oversight purposes and gives us a heads up on important but complicated science and technology issues in areas like space, defense, and energy.  OTA's studies on energy crops, for example, are particularly important for farm States such as mine. Their study on the ``Potential Environmental Impact of Bioenergy Crops'' showed that energy crops, such as switch grass, could have net environmental benefits, rebutting the concerns of certain environmentalists.  This study and other studies they have done are going to be very helpful as we debate the farm bill and as we look for new crops to maintain the viability of the farm community. As the domestic supplies of oil and gas diminish and dependence upon foreign sources continues to increase, we will be looking for new ways, even beyond ethanol, for instance, to use farm products to fuel our machines and vehicles. That is also an issue regarding the energy independence of our country, for national security purposes. OTA is doing very good work on renewable bioenergy fuels for transportation which can help us address our economic issues in rural America.  In addition, OTA helps the Congress make decisions that save the U.S. Government money.  I have some examples of where OTA actually helped us save money. OTA's study of the Social Security Administration plan to purchase computers saved $368 million. OTA's cautions--a while back now, I might say--about the Synthetic Fuel Corporation helped to secure $60 billion of savings.  Let me explain that to you. Many thought that it would take $80 billion to do the work of the Synthetic Fuel Corporation. OTA testified that $80 billion was an overestimate. In the final analysis, Congress put up only $20 billion for the Synthetic Fuel Corporation. This saved the taxpayers $60 billion.  OTA's studies of preventive services for Medicare have assisted legislative decisions for the past 15 years. Studies of pneumonia vaccines and pap smears that showed Medicare would save money by paying for these medical services for the elderly, and Medicare patients would save money. Both proposals passed as legislation.  OTA's work on nuclear power plants has played a central role in eliminating poorly conceived and burdensome regulations on the U.S. power industry.  I urge you to look very closely at the amount of money that is being spent on OTA. I urge you to look very closely at whether the number of people employed is the right number. I urge you to look at the administrative setup. I even urge you to consider abolishing the board of the Office of Technology Assessment, if you want. But I also urge you to look at the product of the OTA, and you will come to the same conclusions in 1995 that Congress came to when it was set up: that we need independent sources of information, particularly in science and technology, which we did not have and we will not have after this day if this is abolished.  I firmly believe, Mr. President, that OTA offers a unique and essential service for Congress, and I am very impressed with OTA's credible analyses of the developments in technology and related public policy issues. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment that preserves the functions of the Office of Technology Assessment.  