 President, first of all, from the standpoint of a philosophical approach to what the Senator from New Jersey is trying to espouse, as his amendment does, I have affiliated myself in the past with some attempts--this is the first time I have heard this approach used--but I have offered amendments or cosponsored amendments myself that would say there should be no pay raise for Members of Congress until we get the budget balanced.  I think the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Helms] has offered an amendment on the floor of this body before that I voted for that probably would have cut our salary a certain period of time until we got to a balanced budget. I voted for that. So I am not unsympathetic with what the distinguished Senator from New Jersey is trying to accomplish. But I can say this in regard to the underlying legislation: The underlying legislation attempts to, and I think successfully does, apply the laws to Congress that we have exempted ourselves from that presently and for, in some instances, five decades have applied to the private sector, so that we no longer have a system of a double standard in America: One set of laws is for Congress and another set of laws is for the rest of the Nation.  That principle underlying this legislation then is the main argument for our not agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey, because he imposes the requirement of sequestration on the rest of the budget to the salaries of Members of Congress. We are dealing totally within the public sector here. It has nothing to do with the application of laws that apply to the private sector on Congress from which laws we have been exempt, because the Federal budget, as an instrumentality of public policy, does not apply to the private sector.  So, basically, the same argument can be used against the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey that has been used against the amendments that have been proposed from the other side of the aisle on Thursday and Friday of last week, Monday and Tuesday of this week and now we are in the fifth day of discussing a bill. It is unrelated. It is a subject worthy of discussion, what the Senator brings to our attention, but not on this legislation. So, consequently, not this time. In the first week of April, according to the Senator from New Mexico, the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, the budget will be discussed in this body, and that is the appropriate place for the Senator from New Jersey to offer his amendment.  It gives me an opportunity to emphasize then, as I said once today, and I have said each and every day this bill has been up, that we are on our fifth day on a bill that the House of Representatives passed in 20 minutes on their first day of the session. If there was one clear message in the last election, it was that we should no longer have business as usual, and particularly this issue of the applicability of laws that Congress has exempted itself from to Capitol Hill. That was a major issue in the last campaign.  There is hardly a freshman Member of this body that has not told me that in every one of their campaigns--I am talking about the people that were newly elected on November 8--there is not a one that said this was not a centerpiece of their campaign. Do not take it from those of us who have been in this body a while. Take it from those who bring some inspiration to this body to show the people of this country that this body is not going to continue to act business as usual, ignore the will of the people and do our own agenda, because the agenda was set by the American people in this election--and this bill, this underlying piece of legislation that we are dealing with and will hopefully pass at 5 o'clock this afternoon, the Congressional Accountability Act, where we cover ourselves by the laws we have exempted ourselves from in the past.  So, I am asking my colleagues not to reject the substance of what the Senator says, the author of this amendment, but to reject it for the time being, and consider it again when the budget comes up the first week in April.  I yield the floor.  