 President, we do have a bill before us, a very important bill. We have been talking about amendments to that bill that are unrelated to the underlying bill. I am going to speak about the underlying bill. I want to tell people who are watching that this sometimes happens in the U.S. Senate; that you get a relatively noncontroversial bill before the Senate, and then people want to offer amendments. I do not have any fault with either the process, or I do not have any fault with the amendment on which we are going to be voting. In fact, I cheer what the Senator from Pennsylvania is doing. But I do want to state my view on this underlying bill which creates and extends some temporary judgeships, and then I also want to make a statement on how we arrive at the number of judgeships we ought to have and the necessity for a review of that process.  As far as the underlying bill is concerned, Mr. President, I want to clearly state that I support the bill, even though I am going to raise some questions about the process, even though I might raise a question about one of the judges that is being temporarily extended, the creation of which is being temporarily extended.  I want to state for the record that there is at least one of these positions that is being extended, some questions from judges who operate in this judicial district as to whether or not it even ought to be extended.  I want to say at the outset that the Sixth Circuit Judicial Council has asked that one of the temporary judgeships not be renewed. The letter I have from Mr. Wiggins, circuit executive for the sixth district, who speaks about the temporary judgeship for the western district of Michigan, says at a meeting of the Sixth Circuit Judicial Council held on May 4, 1994: The council approved the request of the western district of Michigan that no action be taken to extend the temporary judgeship for the western district of Michigan.  With this bill, we are extending then some judgeships which judges themselves have raised questions about whether or not they are needed, whether or not they even want them.  It is, of course, this sort of mindset that has caused me to look very closely at the spending habits and the allocation of judges in the Federal judiciary.  Congress has made difficult budget choices, as you know, this year--in fact, the next 3 days--on what we call the reconciliation process. We are going to be voting on these particular tough decisions that we have to make to get us to a balanced budget. In that process, we in the Congress have downsized our own staffs, the staffs of our committees. We have downsized in the executive branch, as well.  I believe it is time that we look at the downsizing of the Federal judiciary. That is why I have begun a series of hearings on the proper allocation of Federal judges. As some in this body know, last week I chaired a hearing before the Court Subcommittee that I chair on the appropriate number of judges for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.  That hearing addressed an issue which this body has not considered since the 19th century--the process of eliminating judgeships. The last time we eliminated a judgeship as a Congress was in 1868 when there were 10 members of the Supreme Court temporarily because of what President Lincoln wanted to do. It was reduced by one judgeship. That is the last time I have been told that is the case.  Here we are looking at whether or not we need 12 judges on the circuit for Washington, DC. The caseload of the Washington, D.C. circuit has actually declined slightly over the past few years. The number of agency cases in the D.C. circuit is about the same now as it was in 1983--that was a year before Congress created a 12th judgeship in the D.C. circuit.  It costs a little under $1 million--$800,000, to be exact--when we create and keep filled a circuit court judgeship. By the way, that figure, $800,000, comes from the judicial conference. In other words, that is the official judiciary's estimate. It is not my estimate.  The administration claims despite the declining caseload, despite the expense to the American taxpayers, that 12th seat must be filled. I am not convinced that this is so. Mr. President, $1 million per year, per judgeship is a lot. I do not think it should be spent unwisely.  Mr. President, with respect to the D.C. circuit, the administration basically says that the D.C. circuit is too slow in rendering decisions and that a 12th judge would speed things up. But this is not necessarily so.  I agree with a large number of well-respected Federal judges who have raised serious concerns about the runaway growth of the Federal branch. Some judges, including Judge Silberman on the D.C. circuit and Judge Wilkinson of the First Circuit Court of Appeals, have raised serious objections to an excessively large Federal judiciary. These circuit judges have concluded, based on the experience of the ninth circuit, that courts of appeal which are too large actually decrease the quality of judicial decisionmaking and increase the possibility of a conflicting panel decision which must be reconciled through full court rehearings.  At my hearing that I held last week in my subcommittee, Judge Silberman testified that 12 judges is just too many for the D.C. circuit. In those very brief periods when the D.C. circuit has actually had 12 judges--and that was just for a brief period of time, quite frankly, Mr. President, between 1984 and now, when it was created, I think a period of not more than 18 months--there just was not enough work to go around. That is what Judge Silberman said.  I ask unanimous consent that an article from a newspaper about the hearing I recently chaired which appears in the paper be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks. Furthermore, I ask unanimous consent to have printed the letter I read from the sixth judicial council.  