 President, of delivering in this Congress on a promise that Congresses have made probably for the last 15 years and maybe even longer than that, that we are going to balance the budget and that we have a nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office certification that we are balancing the budget.  Balancing the budget is the most important goal that we have accomplished since I have been a member of the Budget Committee, and I am glad we are able to do that.  Some people question whether or not we ought to decrease taxes as well as balance the budget. There are people that might say we ought to decrease taxes and forget about balancing the budget; there are other people that would say we might balance the budget and forget about decreasing taxes.  To me, it is a question of priority. The priority is to balance the budget. And if we can have tax cuts, and they are paid for, and the nonpartisan budget office will certify that we have a balanced budget, then it seems to me we ought to give the people back some of the money that the President took in OBRA '93. He said that he understands that he raised taxes too much 2 years ago. This will not give back all the money obtained when the President raised taxes then, but it will go a long way toward correcting that inequity.  So, in a very historic way--at least historic as far as the last 15 years is concerned--we have a chance today and tomorrow, during this 20 hours of debate, to show the people that the promises of the last election are delivered, those are the promises of a balanced budget and of a paid-for tax decrease. It seems to me that a balanced budget will go far in making our children's and grandchildren's futures much brighter and more hopeful.  I think this is a very, very good national program. It is good for all 50 States. But I can look at it and say it is good for my State as well as it is for the country as a whole. I look at the $500-per-child tax credit. This credit will bring approximately $300 million back into the pockets of Iowans, the pockets of middle-class working families in my State.  For the first time since 1986, students in my State, as well as those in the Nation as a whole, will be able to claim a tax credit for the interest on student loans because this bill provides a credit for 20 percent of the qualified interest, up to $500 per student.  This legislation is not partisan. This legislation is bipartisan because it is identical to the bill that I introduced earlier this year with my distinguished colleague from Illinois, Senator Moseley-Braun. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that this credit will send over $1 billion to young people all over the country who are just starting out in life after college. This change should especially aid young people who plan to stay in rural America instead of having to seek high-paying jobs in the cities to meet loan payments.  In addition to that, for the benefit of the country as a whole and the benefit of people in my State, there is a capital gains tax cut that will reduce an individual's effective capital gains tax rate by 50 percent. In Iowa we will be able to watch and see a lot of farmland and a lot of other capital assets that have been tied up begin to change hands. People have been waiting for the correct incentive and opportunity to sell because they naturally do not want to pay a high tax on inflation because that is not taxation, that is confiscation. You are going to see formerly less productive property change hands at record rates. This is going to be very beneficial for families passing on to younger generations the fruits of their labors and their investment in that business or that farm. Of course, when property is tied up in the Tax Code, that means our farm population is going to continue to get older, the average farmer in my State is 62 years old. Young people are not going into farming because they cannot. Only 3 percent of the farmers in my State are under 30 years of age. We have lost a whole generation of farmers because of bad tax policy and depression in agriculture in the 1980's. This will help that.  The same for the changes we are making in the estate tax; especially it is going to help family farmers and small business people. Family-owned businesses and farms do not have to be sold anymore in order to just pay the Federal taxes. The estate tax system will now serve small businesses instead of consume them.  While we are fixing the business of taxing small business, this bill also ratchets up the unified credit exemption equivalent all the way from $600,000 to $750,000. It has been at $600,000 since 1980 and, of course, it has been depleted considerably by the inflation of the last 15 years. The legislative move from $600,000 toward $700,000 recognizes both the fact of inflation and the fact that every asset in Iowa is not a member of a qualified family-owned business.  For my colleagues who are going to rant and rave about an estate tax exemption helping rich people, I hope they will take a little bit of time to understand that when you are talking about a family farm operation, operated just by family members who are providing the capital, providing the labor, providing the management, that you do not provide a job on a family farm for the same cost that you do in industrial America, about a $50,000 investment. For the American service industry, you can create a job for about $10,000 to $15,000 a year. Jobs on farms in America are created by the investment or the borrowing--and in most cases to get started it is borrowing--of hundreds of thousands of dollars in land and machinery to create one job, or an income for one family. I am not talking about hiring a lot of labor in the process. I am talking about the family doing the labor.  So you have, after a life of work, one half million dollars invested in land and machinery to create one job and one family income. Some people in this body might think small farmers are rich. Maybe a lot of America will think small farmers are rich. But, remember, small farmers create income for one family. It is not like the economy does in an industrial job, one income for a family with $50,000 investment and somebody else is investing it, somebody else is managing it; or in a service job where the economy needs only $10,000 or $15,000.  We are also providing, in this bill, tax changes that are meaningful in ending the marriage penalty for nonitemizers. We are answering the pleas of a lot of young people everywhere who want to know why their Government is penalizing them for exchanging marriage vows.  This bill says we are not going to tax reasonable dues to farm organizations. This IRS ruling, as stupid as it is, creates a lot of problems for a lot of cooperatives and nonfarm organizations out there. Just like the President's tax increase last year--albeit in that instance it was something passed by a Democrat controlled Congress, and not some uninformed ruling by the Internal Revenue Service.  Finally, I would like to highlight that this bill also improves and expands IRA's. We are reinstating an IRA to which working people can make tax-deductible contributions. Even homemakers and even nonworking spouses will be able to make contributions for the first time ever. There will be penalty-free taxable withdrawals for qualified uses.  Everyone knows that we need to double the current savings rate of 4 percent. Young people in my State know that they will have to save for their own retirements while they are financing the retirements of baby boomers, and the IRA incentives in this bill will provide the opportunity. Expanding and strengthening the individual retirement accounts is something I supported for many years. I am glad to see those efforts bear fruit, and I compliment the new chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator Roth, for getting that job done.  