 President, we have been hearing this morning much about the Constitution of the United States on the subject of abortion. Everything I have heard has been correct. The fact that the other side of this debate is right when they argue that the Supreme Court has upheld the right of a woman to have an abortion is only half of the constitutional law on this subject.  We, on this side, accept the fact of the constitutional law of the right of a woman to an abortion. We hope that the other side will accept another fact of constitutional law. That is, the Supreme Court's decision that taxpayers do not have to pay for abortions. This is also the law of the land. I am here to defend it.  Now, there is no question but in this case that we are talking about during this debate, the case of Federal employees' health insurance, there is no question that the taxpayers are subsidizing it. It is a fact of our budget that approximately 72 percent of the Federal employees' health care is paid for by their employer, the Federal Government.  I suppose the public is surprised that it is not 100 percent paid by the taxpayers, because I often hear that Federal employees have free health insurance. No, it is like any other employee; a certain percentage is paid by the employer and a certain percentage is paid by the employee. Here, it is 72 percent. A big portion of the premium is paid for by the taxpayers.  The taxpayers have an interest in this debate. The taxpayers have an interest in this debate because the Supreme Court defines the Constitution that when it comes to abortion, the taxpayers do not have to pay for abortions. The taxpayers can pay for abortions if the law says so, but there is not a constitutional right to have the taxpayers pay for your abortion.  Now, there are other unsubstantiated arguments during this debate, as well. Another is that most private plans provide for abortions. This just is not the case.  I checked with the Congressional Research Service on this because some people just keep bringing up and repeating this unproved point, a point I believe put out by the Guttmacher Institute. Of course, we all know, Mr. President, the objective of the Guttmacher Institute. That institute used to be directly associated with abortion providers. Now, it is only indirectly associated with them. We are supposed to believe what they tell us?  