 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume. But I would like to have the Chair notify me when I have used 20 minutes because if I have colleagues who want to speak, I want to make sure that they have an opportunity to do so.  Mr. President, we have heard a defense of the 1988 act from the distinguished Senator from New York. I believe, as one who voted for the 1988 act, that it was pursued from beginning to end with the best of intentions. The goals were to move people from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, to strengthen the family and even to save the taxpayers money.  I have to look back on those efforts as work being sincerely done, but as I look at the evolution of that act, the use of it and what it set out to accomplish and has accomplished, I believe I failed when I voted for that bill. I do not want to say that anyone else failed, but I look back at our efforts and see 3.1 million more people on AFDC now than we had then as one measure of failure. I see a lot more tax dollars being spent as another measure of failure.  Now we are being asked by the other side, by the amendment of the distinguished Senator from New York, to build on the 1988 act. Albeit, I am sure, they are suggesting changes in the amendment before us that reflect what they see as failures of that 1988 act. But the difference between the leadership proposal under the distinguished leadership of Senator Dole and what the loyal opposition offers is the difference between night and day.  We have seen the Federal Government failing in welfare reform, not just since the 1988 act but, we would have to say, over the last several decades. In contrast, we have seen States succeed where we have failed, States like Missouri and Iowa and Wisconsin, Michigan, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and others. That is why we propose to get the Federal Government out of the business of welfare and turn it over to the States with the resources to accomplish the goal of ending welfare as we know it.  The major difference between what my distinguished friend from New York suggests and what Senator Dole and the Finance Committee on this side suggests is whether or not we are going to maintain what is called the Federal entitlement. We propose to end the Federal entitlement. The Moynihan proposal maintains it.  Republicans propose to save the taxpayers $70 billion. Under the Moynihan proposal, the savings is only $2.1 billion. That is $2.1 billion in savings with the proposal on that side of the aisle; $70 billion in savings on the program from this side of the aisle.  Now, we do not propose our bill just to save money. We do not propose the ending of the entitlement just to save money. In fact, even if there was not an issue of balancing the budget, the failure of the Federal Government, after decades in the welfare business, is why it should be reformed on its own merits, and that is the way we proceed.  The litmus test of whether or not there is going to be change in Washington, the litmus test of whether it is no longer business as usual, is this issue of the Federal entitlement. Our proposal ends the Federal entitlement. That side would preserve the Federal entitlement.  As I look back at the 1988 legislation, there are things that I see as wrong now that I did not see then. It loosened some of the tough eligibility requirements that were enacted in the 1981 Reagan welfare reforms. It expanded the eligibility to two-parent families. It provided for State waivers that would make it possible to reverse still more of those 1981 reforms.  I know some people would say we made those waivers available, that is why these States today are doing what they are doing. That is true. But, also, in the first instance, States were able to seek waivers of the 1981 reforms that were enacted.  We also permitted waivers to redefine who was unemployed by basing it on income earned rather than hours worked. We allowed the term ``strict work requirements'' to be undermined by creating an exemption for mothers having another child under 6. We promised a lot of education. We promised a lot of job training. We promised other attractive social services including child care and medical services to AFDC recipients who leave the welfare rolls. And the sole price for admission to those rolls was having that first baby.  Now, you can say to me, that any one of those things are very, very small. These are precisely the reasons, though, why AFDC has grown by 3.1 million people since 1988. Yes, these results demonstrate, as I look back at the 1988 legislation, that some of those changes were wrong. Though each of the changes might have been slight, they created incentives which, taken together, have caused the dramatic explosion in the AFDC rolls from 1989 to 1995.  Now, I anticipate some will say, ``Well, Grassley, you forget that we had a recession in 1991 and 1992. That obviously had something to do with the explosion of people on AFDC.''  Before I respond to that, let me give the statistics on the growth of AFDC. There were 3 million in 1960. It rose rapidly through the 1960's and early 1970's. It rose rapidly, yes, even into the 1970's and then leveled off in 1972.  We had a very, very deep recession in 1974 and 1975, and the numbers dropped in the middle of that recession. That recession was deeper than what we had in 1991. The numbers stayed fairly level, though they did rise a little bit during the Carter administration, to 11.1 million in 1981, then they leveled off. They were 10.3 million in 1982, 11 million in 1989, and then we had that dramatic increase of another 3 million people that I believe is blamed on the 1988 law. We were promised that the numbers would go down as a result of the 1988 legislation. We thought that the act would steer AFDC parents to work and off the dole. Obviously, the legislation was praised by Democrats as well as Republicans as a final means of reducing welfare dependency.  We heard earlier that President Reagan praised the 1988 act when he signed it into law. But I still maintain, looking back over the history, that there was a period of time when President Reagan was against what was going on in the Congress. But we had a candidate for President in 1988 by the name of President Bush who, all of a sudden, at the time of the conference committee, came out and supported the legislation. I think that pulling of the rug out from the efforts to modify the legislation nixed what opportunity we had at that late moment to do more. And that legislation passed with only one dissenting vote. It was bipartisan, and I suppose for that reason nobody wants to expose the dramatic failures.  I can only speak for myself. But I do see the six or seven reasons that I gave of changes in the 1981 law, some expansion of eligibility and the redefinition of unemployed, and the redefinition of strict work requirements as opening up the opportunity for the dramatic growth we then saw. I do not see the growth, Mr. President, in any direct way related to a recession because we did not have that dramatic of an increase in the last recession that we had in 1974 and 1975.  So, we are at the point where we have to consider the new approach to welfare reform, an approach that establishes faith in State governments and local governments because they have done a lot to reduce welfare. Their plans are working. Yet, they had to come to the Federal Government on bended knees, hat in hand, even to get limited waivers to accomplish what they wanted to do. I will bet that in most instances they would have been more dramatic, more dynamic in what they would want to try in the way of reform if they had not had to get those waivers. I know my own State of Iowa had to wait 8 months for waivers.  Iowa has moved 2,000 people off the welfare rolls and reduced the monthly check from $360 to $340. My State has the highest percentage of anybody on AFDC at work, 34 percent. That has been a dramatic increase from under 18 percent when our program started, less than 2 years ago.  President Clinton ran for office in 1992. When he was running for office, he promised to end welfare as we know it. After 2 years of inaction, the American people rendered a very dramatic change in Congress, so dramatic that some historians say you have to go back to 1930 to see such a political change at the grassroots in America reflected in the membership of Congress. But for the first time since 1954, Republicans control both Houses of the Congress.  The American people said that they wanted change. The people had not seen the President and a Congress of the President's party so that there would be no gridlock delivered, as was promised in that 1992 election. They wanted change and they did not receive it. So they voted out the old and voted in the new.  I stated how in 1988 we passed welfare reform. Unfortunately, it failed our hopes and expectations. We have more people on welfare today than we did then.  The proposal that is before us from the other side of the aisle is basically a modification and continuation of the 1988 plan. The only positive thing to come out of the 1988 Family Support Act is that some States sought out waivers and came up with changes. As our political laboratories, our State legislatures, they suggested changes which could be made. They began to move people from welfare to work and save the taxpayers' money.  The example of the States then is what moved us on this side of the aisle to our block grant approach as a means of addressing the crisis in the current welfare system. We are ending the entitlement approach, by ending the attitude that the Federal Government knows the answers to all the welfare problems, that we can decide in Washington and we can pay for them as well.  Well, we learned that we do not have all the answers. We have learned that we have not solved all of the problems. And we are finally, after 30 years, facing up to the fact that we cannot afford all of these entitlements.  I am surprised when I hear that if we give authority back to the States, children will be left starving in the streets. That has not been said this morning, but the implication is there when we are told that 10 years from now if we vote for a block grant approach, we are going to look back and see that it is a mistake. That could be. And we have constitutional authority to reevaluate what we have done. But I think I have seen enough change and improvement in the programs at the State level to give me courage to move forward with ending the Federal entitlement and to ignore the warnings that I have received from my good friend.  Somehow I think some in this body have bought into the idea that we at the Federal level know what's best and that we can fix everything. I think it is a fairly arrogant approach to assume that only the Federal leaders as opposed to State leaders have compassion towards the needs of those less fortunate in our society.  In 40 years of Federal control we have seen an increase in dependency. We have seen an increase in the number of people on welfare. We have seen an increase in all of the social pathological problems that come from single-parent families.  We have heard these statistics over and over, but 70 percent of the juveniles in reformatories come from single-parent families, 60 percent of the rapists, 72 percent of the adolescent murderers. Kids that come from broken families are 40 percent more likely to fail a grade, 70 percent more likely to be expelled from school. Girls from broken families are more likely to have out-of-wedlock births and continue the problem.  