 President, when is it time to take up an amendment in the Senate? When is it appropriate to discuss any amendment? Everybody knows the rules of the Senate. Almost any time in the Senate is a time to discuss anything that you can get before the body. Particularly in the case of this approach, it seems to me very appropriate now because we are talking about an underlying piece of legislation that is basic to making the courts a more effective tool for the settlement of disputes.  In the particular case of the underlying piece of legislation, it is to establish some standards in the courts so that those cases that are going to be considered by the courts will have some continuing thread running through them from State to State to make sure the cases are fairly heard. And this issue that is before us, that is presented by Senator Brown, is such an amendment as well, an amendment that is going to make the Federal courts a more effective body for the determination of disputes.  It has become otherwise because courts can be very easily loaded down with frivolous suits. The Brown amendment, which I support, is about making the courts serve the intent of the Constitution writers, to be an impartial body for the settlement of disputes, but not just any suit that might come to people's minds, very serious suits.  So I want to associate myself with this amendment, and I want to say to my dear friend from Alabama, we very seldom disagree. This is one of those times because I think it is time now to restore the effectiveness of rule 11. A strong, effective rule 11 is one of the most important tools that the courts have to fight frivolous, baseless, and even sometimes harassing lawsuits.  A strong effective rule 11 preserves judicial resources for litigants who truly need access to our court system, and to give a swift action against frivolous lawsuits and claims is, in the end, going to save time and going to save money and, by the way, that happens to be taxpayers' dollars, and it is going to, most importantly, promote public respect for the integrity of the Federal courts.  Now, on the other hand, the current version of rule 11, the one that Senator Brown wants to modify, the current version is of little value as a deterrent to baseless lawsuits. It actually allows attorneys to file allegations without knowing them to be true. It allows lawyers to make assertions without having any factual basis and before any research is done.  In short, the current version of rule 11 encourages the kind of baseless suits and claims that rule 11 was originally enacted to prevent.  The current rule eventually says ``Sue first and ask questions later.''  Senator Brown's amendment puts teeth back into rule 11. It does so by making sanctions for frivolous suits mandatory, as they once were. In fact, Mr. President, rule 11 was amended years ago to make sanctions mandatory because rule 11, up to that time, was ineffective when sanctions were discretionary, as they are under the current version of the rule.  This amendment thus forces people who come into court to present the facts and to present the law in a reasonable and honest way. It deters frivolous claims and frivolous suits by denying litigants the opportunity to overreach with unresearched facts and to shoot for the Moon with unresearched law.  This amendment also provides the courts with a variety of tools to defer frivolous suits, from attorney's fees and expenses to court penalties to nonmonetary sanctions. It also accounts for the innocent party who has to spend time and money defending against baseless claims, which the current version of the rule fails to do.  This amendment would enable the court to make the moving party whole for the money spent defending against frivolous lawsuits or claims.  Let me use a very specific example. The milkshake case that Senator Hatch talked about yesterday. A driver, as we recall, bought a milkshake at a McDonald's restaurant and placed it between his legs. When he reached for something, he squeezed the milkshake and it spilled into his lap. He became distracted and drove into the car of another driver who sued the milkshake purchaser and McDonald's. His attorney's theory was that McDonald's failed to warn the driver of the danger of eating and driving at the same time.  Now, in reality, he was after McDonald's deep pocket because the driver who caused the accident was uninsured. This case was thrown out of trial court but was appealed up to the New Jersey Supreme Court--consuming, if we can believe this, 3 years of the court system's time, and thousands and [[Page S5723]] thousands of dollars of McDonald's money for defense of a baseless action.  Now, when McDonald's asked for reimbursement for these fees, the judge refused, saying of the plaintiff, ``He's creative and imaginative and should not be penalized for that.''  Now, how ridiculous can we get when we talk about frivolous suits? This case shows that far from discouraging frivolous litigation, the current rule actually encourages it.  Senator Brown's relatively modest changes will restore the deterrence value of rule 11 and will have a positive impact on the ability of the Federal courts to deal with the ever-increasing onslaught of litigation, because cases delayed is justice denied for some people who have a legitimate suit.  I support and I ask my colleagues to support the needed change suggested by Senator Brown.  