 This tax bill is a memorial to the proposition that we believe taxpayers' money comes to the Treasury for legitimate Government purposes, and the expenditure for those purposes and not one more penny should come from the pockets of the taxpayers. When we give this tax cut this year, we are just giving people back money that was ruthlessly taken from them in the last Congress by the President's budget.  We give it back in the way of helping middle-class working families who pay the bulk of the taxes in this country. We do it in a way that says that the foundation of our society is families and that we want to encourage the family as an institution. That is why three-quarters of the tax cuts in this bill go to families, primarily through the $500 per child tax credit. That is a tax credit that is off the bottom line of taxes otherwise owed to the Federal Treasury.  Whereas, the Senator from Michigan gave a very good explanation of what is in the tax provision, I want to speak about our efforts to balance the budget, our efforts to reduce the role of Government in our economy by reducing the size of the budget, by reducing the percentage of the budget to the gross national product over time, meaning a lessening of the amount of money that is run through the inefficient operation of the Federal budget, because we believe that the free market, the segment of the economy out there that comes from the private sector, the nonpublic part of our budget, is the most efficient distributor of goods and services, where the jobs are created, where we have efficiency within our economy.  Getting to a balanced budget sets a very, very good starting point for the reduction of interest rates. And it is projected that interest rates will go down 1.5 to 2 percent if we pass this year a budget that will balance by the year 2002. And we are gradually and responsibly reducing expenditures to get to that point that interest rates will go down. In fact, we started to reduce Government expenditures with a rescissions bill of $14 billion for fiscal year 1995, just completed.  By reducing interest rates, we are setting the stage, then, for growing the economy, for creating jobs and expanding, as we must be. There is so much of the job creation which comes from the private sector and the small business sector of the private sector that with interest rates going down, it is really going to encourage small businesses to create more jobs. They are the engine. Small business is the engine that drives our economy.  Getting to this point has been about a 10-month process. Remember, just 12 months ago there was a Republican program called the contract that had 10 features in it that was in a sense a national program. When normally we have 435 different races for Congress and campaigns for Congress, the Republican Party had one national campaign. And the centerpiece of that national campaign was to deliver a balanced budget. Twelve months ago we may not have foreseen a Republican victory the size that it was, we may not have foreseen the people's response to the program, but that program called for a balanced budget.  We took control of both Houses of Congress in January for the first time in 40 years. In a sense, when we took over in January we transformed our contract into New Year's resolutions with the American people. We said that we are going to put this bloated Government on a diet. Then for the last 10 months, we have been following a regime to achieve our resolution.  What happens in the Senate on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday of this week, as far as delivering upon one of the major promises of the last campaign--to balance the budget, to reduce taxes, and to reduce taxes that are paid for by cutting spending--that is all of that 10 months of work. Everything that the people have been expecting since they voted 12 months ago for a new Congress is coming to an end on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. What decides whether or not we are successful is if we have 50 votes to pass this reconciliation bill. We Republicans then have been following a regime to achieve our resolution that we started on last January.  The other side of the aisle, meaning my Democratic friends, have been carping with neither shame nor credibility. They have no credible alternatives. Oh, the President said in June, after 6 months of finally waking up to what the people decided in the last election, that he was for a balanced budget, not in 7 years as the Republicans planned but in 10 years. But when the Congressional Budget Office, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, looks at the President's program to balance a budget in 10 years, they do not find a budget balance in 10 years. They still find $200 billion deficits as far as you can see into the future.  That is no different than the President's program of 1993, which he claims has reduced deficits more than in any other 3-year period than any other President ever had. But the point is the President's program of 1993 still saw beyond the year 1997 $200 billion deficits as far as the eye can see. Two years later, in June 1995, the President says he is for a balanced budget by 2005. But when you score it the same way we score our budgets, it is still the same old story--unbalanced budgets as far as you can see into the future.  Maybe I should not say the other side has no alternative, because the President did say the budget ought to be balanced. He did not send up a program to do it. He just said that is something that he is for. But never before was he for a balanced budget. Then later on he said, well, maybe it can be done in 9 years. Then I believe it was just last week, or near to now, he said he could agree with the Republicans, that it ought to be done in 7 years and can be done in 7 years.  But for the most part, all we have heard from the opposition is naysayers. This diet that we Republicans want to put the Federal bureaucracy on, the other side has been saying no to, naysayers. It is kind of like those little voices that you hear in your head when each of us say that we ought to go on a diet, or we are going to go on a diet. That little voice in our head says, ``I cannot do this. I cannot do this.'' That little voice says, ``Let us wait until manana.'' Or it says, ``I do not feel like doing anything today, do it tomorrow. Maybe tomorrow I will start, I will start my diet.'' Then you hear those little voices with millions of excuses why you cannot go on a diet.  The Republican program is putting the Federal bureaucracy and Federal programs on a diet. It is being downsized. That is the essence of our reconciliation bill before us. The other side, without shame or credibility, are naysayers to this process.  Madam President, sometimes to achieve the best results we ought to tune out those little voices, not listen to those little voices in our head who say, ``I cannot do this,'' or, ``I will do it tomorrow,'' or any of those other million excuses that we hear. Tune out those little voices.  So that is why I speak to my colleagues, particularly my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, because this is a very important debate about turning things around and no longer business as usual when it comes to the fiscal policy of the Federal Government because business as usual has been for 30 years, do not be concerned about a balanced budget. Or maybe I can say the last 10 years, be concerned about a balanced budget, but not really doing anything about it. That is business as usual.  The people in the last election sent us a clear signal that they no longer want business as usual in Washington. And the reconciliation bill up for debate on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday for 20 hours of debate in this body, and then hence to final passage, is our statement of no longer business as usual, that we are going to deliver on the promises of the last election. For once, Congress is going to perform according to the rhetoric of the last campaign. Our performance will be commensurate with what we said in the last election. And the essence of that is our Government programs and our bureaucracy must go on a diet.  And so during this debate then, just tune out those little voices that say, ``I can't do this. I can't go on a diet.'' Because we will. We must. And we sense the responsibility not only because it philosophically comports with what we feel Government must do, but it is also a behavioral change that comes from the large voice of the electorate that spoke in the last election.  This very important debate can be summed up in just one word. That one word is six letters, future, f-u-t-u-r-e. This budget plans for the future; this budget provides for the future; and by so doing gives our children and our grandchildren a future, the sort of future that we have a responsibility to leave them. It is not a responsibility that we judge our own. It is a responsibility that we have inherited from past generations of Americans who have given my generation and younger generations a great country to live in, a better future than our ancestors had and the generation that preceded it.  That would not be possible, Madam President, without providing a balanced budget and the secure future that it allows. In effect, it is a necessary forerunner to a guaranteed future as we know it and better for our younger generations.  This budget provides a positive vision for our country's future, a future in which we have a balanced budget that will help increase productivity, lower interest rates, create more jobs and, most importantly, lessen the tax burden we are placing on today's children.  Let us be clear. We talk about fiscal policy. We talk about doing economic good. We talk about a secure future in materialistic terms. But this is not just a debate about material betterment. It is not a debate about abstract fiscal policy or economic issues. This is more a moral issue than anything else.  The Republican Party simply believes it is not right for our generation to live high on the hog and to pass the bills on to the next generation of young people. We are saying that finally Congress realizes that is just not right. That is what we said in the last election. We did not know when we said it that people would respond positively to it. But the voters did respond positively to it by the biggest shakeup in Congress since the 1930 election. That 1930 election turned things around politically so much in Congress and Washington, DC, that there has not been a change from that direction until now.  Now, whether there was a whole new political environment ushered in by the election in 1994, I do not know for sure. I suppose the 1996 and 1998 elections will answer that question for me. But I do know this, that we got the message of the last election. We are responding to it. And we are passing a budget that is balanced based upon the fact that it is immoral for us to go in the hole, to deficit spend and not care who pays the bill while we live good and live well.  While we are worried about what the 1996 election or the 1998 election might mean for securing a long-term political change in Washington, DC, we have the responsibility to do what the voters asked us to do in the last election. So this budget states that we believe Americans know how to spend their hard-earned dollars better than bureaucrats as we decrease the size of Government as a proportion of the gross national product, as we reduce the number of Government employees, as we reduce and eliminate deficits by the year 2002. We show our faith in the American people by giving back to them $224 billion of their hard-earned tax dollars for them to decide how to spend for their future because we believe it will be more efficiently spent by them than by Government.  Finally, this budget ensures that the future of our seniors and the baby boomers who will soon be retiring is secure because we preserve Medicare in this budget and we ensure that it does not go bankrupt. Republicans have offered a comprehensive vision of the future. We have kept the promise of the last election. If we pass this resolution in the next 2 days, we have kept our New Year's resolution to the voters to put Government on a diet. We have not listened to those little voices in the minds who say, ``I can't go on this diet. I can't do this today. I will do it tomorrow.'' We have listened to the loud voice of the electorate.  Now, incredibly, I have heard the President claim that the Republican balanced budget would mortgage our future--would mortgage our future. Can you imagine the nerve of the President saying the Republican balanced budget will mortgage our future when we have been mortgaging our future for the last 30 years because it was 1969--not quite 30 years, 26 years--since we have had a balanced budget. He did not say that out of ignorance because the President is a very intelligent person. I do not know really why he said it. I would like to know why. It seems to me that it could be part of a program to muddy the waters.  It is clear to the people what is going on up here on the Hill because this budget, this reconciliation bill before us, does not mortgage the future. The failed policies of the big spenders have already done that. We Republicans, with this balanced budget resolution, are successfully ridding ourselves of the deficit, the so-called mortgage that is on our future, so that we can have a bright future for our young people.  Unfortunately, the Democratic side offers nothing for the future. It seems the White House is happy to have a growing deficit that continues to mortgage our future. The White House, by not cooperating with Congress to balance the budget, is sending a clear message that they want in essence to take out a second mortgage to fund increased spending instead of doing the responsible thing of balancing the budget.  The White House policy will have our children and grandchildren continuing to pay not only the first mortgage but the second mortgage.  I guess, Mr. President, the essence is that the other side of the aisle has no New Year's resolution. They can only offer working families more of the same. They do not even want to sit down at the table with us to negotiate. Right after our summer recess in August, we returned after Labor Day, the President was invited to the Hill--not to the Hill, wherever the President wants to sit down with Republican leadership to talk compromise, work out differences. The President then would have to put his wares on the table for the whole world to see. Evidently, he was not ready to do that. No response.  October 1 comes, the end of the fiscal year. We have to move forward. We moved the time ahead to November the 13th, but we could not wait any longer to fulfill the constitutional responsibilities that the Congress has to provide a budget; and implicit in our Constitution, a balanced budget, because we have had more balanced budgets in peacetime than we have deficits throughout the history of our country.  Just last Thursday, the Speaker of the House and the Senate majority leader offered the President to sit down and talk. No response. So we move forward. I think this can be resolved. But it cannot be resolved by the other side having no program and at the same time carping and criticizing what the majority is doing. More of these same policies are going to bankrupt Medicare.  This bill before us solves that problem, as the trustees, the Democrat trustees, asked us to do on April 2. Not the President's proposal, it is going to provide for more out-of-control spending, with $200 billion deficits that will destroy our children's futures because that is what the President's 10-year balanced budget program--even though he did not give us specifics--would provide. That is not my determination. That is the determination of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. And you know in this proposal it is going to still continue to give us more taxes, more taxes, and more taxes. And if there are not more taxes this day, because the President may not be proposing to change tax policy--he did it with the biggest tax increase in the history of the country in 1993--for the young people of America it is going to mean into the next century tax increases of 80-some percent because of irresponsible spending today.  So I think it is clear which New Year's resolution the American people want us to keep. It is the one of promising a future for our young people, a future for our country, a future for the world, as this engine of the United States, this economic engine of the United States, drives the rest of the world.  We have that opportunity to fulfill that promise for our future generations by adopting this resolution and to avoid being influenced by the carping from the other side of the aisle and from the White House that has no program to reach the goals that we do.  I yield the floor.  