 President. I am glad to follow my good friend from Alabama in remarks that he made about the amendment. I want to speak about the amendment as well. So I want it very clear that in speaking today, I do so in strong support of the constitutional amendment to protect the American flag.  I also want to state that there is a pending amendment by the Senator from Kentucky, my good friend, Senator McConnell. And I also want to say that I rise in strong opposition to the statutory approach to protecting the American flag. I believe that Senator McConnell's amendment is either unconstitutional or unnecessary. Either way, I oppose it and stand in strong support of the constitutional amendment.  I want to remind my colleagues that I was one of only three Republicans who opposed Senator Biden's statutory attempt to protect the flag when it passed this body several years ago. So I believed then, as I do now, that the only way to permit the American people to protect the flag is to change the Constitution.  The approach advocated by Senator McConnell can be interpreted in two ways. Under one interpretation, this statute provides important new protections for the American flag. If this is the correct interpretation, then the statute is unconstitutional under the Eichman decision which struck down Senator Biden's statutory approach, passed by the Congress several years ago.  Under the other interpretation, this statute simply makes explicit protections for the flag which have already existed and which exist, not to protect the flag by the way, but to protect the public peace and property.  For example, the statute would criminalize the destruction of the flag if the destruction would lead to a breach of peace. Well, this probably is the case in most States already, most of which have disorderly conduct crimes already on their statute books.  So in conclusion, I oppose the statute because it is either ineffective as a way of protecting the flag or it is unconstitutional as the Court has already expressed in the Eichman case when it struck down Senator Biden's statute that I was one of only three Republicans to vote against at that time.  Even though I am respectful of Senator McConnell's good intentions, I still support the constitutional amendment. This amendment represents American democracy at work and American democracy at its best. I know that there is an overwhelming groundswell of support for this amendment. And I know that that is true because in my home State of Iowa I have seen this expressed. On a daily basis I receive letters and phone calls from concerned Iowans asking that we in the Senate do what it takes to protect the flag. I think it is time then that we do the right thing, and doing the right thing is passing this constitutional amendment.  I also think this debate is timely as the first American troops are now arriving in Bosnia. I am skeptical of the mission to Bosnia, but I support, like all of my colleagues will do, the efforts of our troops there. I support the flag under which those troops will serve.  As a rule, Iowans are very politically active and aware. Any of my colleagues who have tried to run for President, because we are the first caucus State, know that to be a fact. But with this amendment, I have the definite sense that even those Iowans that are not generally politically active have become deeply involved in the efforts to protect the flag.  In other words, this desecration amendment is part of a grassroots effort which has energized segments of our Nation which, for whatever reasons, chose not to participate in the political process. And I think that is a wonderful thing to have happened in our democratic system.  This flag protection amendment is the product of tireless efforts by the American people. I believe it would be wrong for the Senate to stand in the way of the American people on such a very important issue. Now, some may ask, ``Why have the American people become so involved in this effort to protect the flag?'' I believe the answer lies in the rediscovery of core American values, like respect for authority. Our flag is the ultimate symbol of our great Nation and what America stands for.  For many years, starting with the so-called counterculture in the 1960's, it seemed very fashionable to criticize our Government, to criticize our Nation as a people. That, of course, led to the lack of respect for our great country in general, and, of course, lack of respect for the flag in particular was one way of expressing an antiauthoritarian attitude. But those critics have been proven wrong, and their shrill anti-Americanism has been thoroughly rejected.  With last November's election returns--and those election returns were expressing the view of the American people--they were expressing a view of support of core American values like respect for authority and respect for our country. It seems to me that since last November, then, it is only natural that right now the American people are pushing harder than ever before to protect the American flag.  As far as I am concerned, we as a nation will never realize our full destiny as a great nation and a great people until we instill respect and concern for America in every one of our young people. That is a very important reason to support this amendment. Passing this amendment will not do that by itself, but passing this amendment is going to express at the highest degree that we do have in our society basic constitutional principles that are a basis for our society, a basis for our society for 207 or 208 years.  Finally, we simply cannot discuss the flag without our considering what the flag means to our veterans, to those brave Americans who fought for freedom in far away places.  I have to be somewhat apologetic when I speak about the sentimentalism that is legitimate for our veterans who have fought and died to protect our country, because, Mr. President, as I am sure you know, I have never served in the military.  I have an awesome responsibility when I speak about what our veterans have done to explain that I, as an individual, do not fully understand, not having served in the military, exactly what that is all about. But that does not lessen my respect for what our veterans have gone through, and I praise the Lord that they have sacrificed for the freedom that we all enjoy today.  On the other hand, I have seen the hand of the veteran very much in this grassroots movement to pass this constitutional amendment.  So I say, if any of my colleagues in this body are undecided on this amendment, I encourage each of them to consult with the veterans and to remember all those Americans who have died protecting the American flag, protecting the principles of our great society that the American flag stands for.  Quite frankly, if we do not pass this amendment, I do not see how we can go home and look our veterans square in the eyes. With budgetary cutbacks forcing Congress to make difficult cuts in all Federal programs, even including veterans programs, it seems to me the least we can do is to pass this amendment out of respect for what they have done for our country.  With a President who has restored diplomatic relations with the Communist regime in Vietnam without a full accounting of our war dead and MIA's, it seems to me the least we can do is pass this amendment. And with American troops soon in harm's way, as they are with 6 million mines in Bosnia, of where we have only discovered 1 million of them thus far, it seems to me that the least we can do is to pass this amendment.  Finally, I want to mention what I think is an ironic situation. Some who oppose this amendment feel that it is dangerous to amend the first amendment. I think this stems from a sincere feeling that the first amendment is sacrosanct and, in fact, it is, Mr. President. But the fact of the matter is that many of these same people who oppose this flag amendment as a constitutional amendment have sponsored another constitutional amendment, or maybe more than one constitutional amendment to change the first amendment in other contexts. But I only want to speak about one of those efforts.  This irony certainly does not apply to everyone in the Senate who opposes this flag protection amendment, but there is a long list of people in past Congresses who opposed a flag amendment, and look at the list of people who have cosponsored or favored a constitutional amendment which amends the first amendment, the same as the flag amendment does, but in this other instance I am speaking of, it overturns the Buckley versus Valeo decision to permit limits on campaign expenditures.  In other words, I am saying to you, Mr. President, that we have Members of this body who say that the first amendment is so well written and historically has never been changed--and the implication is that it should never be changed in the future--that we should not pass an amendment that would protect the flag, thereby somewhat changing the first amendment as it relates to that aspect of free speech.  But those same people would say that it is all right to amend the first amendment when it comes to campaign expenditures and, in fact, if you overturn the Buckley case, it is a very significant limit on true political speech. It would be a limit on verbal free speech as opposed to our amending the first amendment in the case of the flag which, at the most, can be said to be a limit on nonverbal free speech.  So, what we have here is a situation where those of us who favor this amendment and those who say it is wrong to amend the first amendment in the case of the flag, but that it is OK to amend the first amendment if you want to limit verbal free speech when it comes to campaign contributions, that you have more than enough votes right here to pass the amendment.  This amendment, I think, is going to pass anyway, but if there is some doubt about it, there are a few Members of this body who take the position you should not amend the first amendment to protect the American flag, but it is OK to pass an amendment to limit political speech through limits on campaign spending. If you put those together, we have more than enough to pass this amendment.  So there is some inconsistency between people who are making the argument that we should not amend the first amendment in the case of the flag because of what it might do to nonverbal speech--and I do not think that nonverbal speech is protected by the first amendment--and those who are willing to change the Constitution when they overturn the Valeo case. What makes this inconsistency even more ironic, when you tend to limit campaign expenditures, that tends to benefit incumbents rather than challengers. We can support that statistically. That is a very selfish motive for changing the first amendment.  People can be inconsistent. I am probably inconsistent on some things myself, but I think it really weakens the argument against this flag amendment, when you are in favor of amending the Constitution to limit campaign expenditures, which is the ultimate of political speech.  So, in conclusion, Mr. President, it is time that the Senate do the right thing. We tried it once before several years ago, did not get the job done and passed a statute that was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. It seems to me there ought to be ample evidence that if we want to ultimately protect the flag and do it in the surest way possible, then the only right thing to do is for this Senate to pass this constitutional amendment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  