 President, I would like to say a few words about the amendment offered by my colleague, for though it is well intentioned, it does have important potential adverse effects on our international trade agreements.  This legislation would deny innovator pharmaceutical products the full statutory term of patent protection that was provided under GATT and the Uruguay Round Agreements Act [URAA]. There is a requirement in the GATT Intellectual Property Agreement [TRIPS], found in article 70:2, that WTO members provide TRIPS level patent protection for existing subject matter on the date of application of the agreement for the country in question. This requirement will greatly benefit U.S. industries across a broad range of intellectual property elements; not just those industries concerned about pharmaceutical patents. It is in the U.S. interest that countries with weak patent protection provide the shortest possible transition periods. This is the clear objective of the TRIPS agreement and, in particular, article 70:2.  To meet this key objective of the TRIPS agreement, I believe the FDA interpretation of the Hatch/Waxman Act must prevail. Article 70:2 was specifically inserted in the TRIPS agreement to prevent WTO members from delaying the application of the stronger protection found in the TRIPS agreement to existing patents, most of which we can safely say will be held by U.S. rightholders.  I strongly believe that U.S. commercial interests in WTO countries that currently provide weak protection will be dealt a severe blow should this amendment pass. We need look no further than Argentina, whose patent protection laws are bad and getting worse, as an example of what might happen if the United States pursues a policy that minimizes GATT mandated improvements in patent rights. And there are other countries whose patent regimes offer no protection to the makers of patented pharmaceutical products, costing billions of dollars that would otherwise go into research for new breakthrough drugs.  I should also point out that the courts have had a chance to render judgment on this issue, and they have upheld the current interpretation of the Hatch-Waxman Act that this amendment would overturn. So I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment and for the motion to send this to the Judiciary Committee.  