 President, in some ways I wish we were having the debate after Labor Day. I have been in Congress a lot of times in the month of August when we take our traditional recess where after that recess there is a whole different environment than there is before we go on that recess. It seems that we observe, because we are close to the grassroots during that summer break, that there is some change of opinion in Congress that takes place during that period of time.  I believe that when we are home this August and we hear the refrain about cutting too much from Medicare, and too big of a tax cut, and particularly as the Democrats might lambaste us Republicans for giving a tax cut to wealthy, then people start realizing everything is going to be cut, cut, cut, but not the defense budget, that it is going to be increased $33 billion above even what the President suggested for the next few years, we may come back here and decide--think again, do we really need to increase the defense budget by $33 billion?  But the debate is today before the August recess. So we are going to have the benefit of that and a reflection on that. But maybe sometime when there is an impasse between the White House and the Congress on arriving at reconciliation, there may be an opportunity to rethink whether or not defense ought to get a big increase when everything else is being cut.  So we may get another look at this, I say to my friend from Wisconsin. And I hope we do. And maybe we are setting a record for us to do that. Because I do not think the side that wants to spend more money has really made a justification for it because it seems like all the add-ons above what the President wants spent are generally decisions made by Congress to spend more money here or there. That is pretty piecemeal. It is not how you make a studied, responsible decision for our national security.  Now, I would feel much better in a debate talking about more money for defense if I could ever hear the other side say how much is enough. When is enough, enough? I never hear that. I never heard that it was enough when the President of the United States on his own volition said, ``We need to spend $23 billion more than we're spending this year.'' But when the Commander in Chief said that, I did not argue with it. Nobody on the other side that is supporting the Kohl amendment argued with it. We accepted the Commander in Chief's judgment. But the Commander in Chief has not said he needs another $33 billion. But here we are tossing in $33 billion of which the $7 billion in the Kohl amendment is the first installment of that $33 billion. So, how much is enough? I never hear that. I do not think ever enough is enough.  Well, we rejected on May 23, 1995, a proposal to pump up the defense budget. And of course that was on the 1996 budget resolution, 60 to 40. And 17 of those 60 were Republican votes. If they stick with us, we will win again. Sixty Senators said, ``Enough is enough.'' What the Commander in Chief said. Sixty Senators voted to hold the defense spending at that requested by the President. This Senator from Iowa voted for those lower defense numbers.  Well, when the budget resolution went to conference in the House, the extra money for the Pentagon that we are trying to subtract today was approved. The extra money is in the bill before us. I opposed it on May 23. I opposed it in conference. And I oppose it now.  One of the Republican leaders in the other body said to me privately during those conferences, ``Chuck, you know, I have got a request from our friends in the House for another $6 billion. We just have got to have more money to satisfy the people on our side of the aisle.''  Is that not a nice way of deciding how much we ought to spend on defense, because a mass of humanity from the floor of the other body goes to one of the leaders and says, ``We have got to have $6 billion more''?  That is why I am supporting my colleague from Wisconsin to subtract the $7 billion. Our amendment will bring the defense budget back down to the amount approved by the Senate on May 23.  My amendment would eliminate waste at the Pentagon. Continuing waste at the Pentagon undermines the credibility of the higher defense numbers in this bill. Waste at the Pentagon has been a concern of mine from the beginning of my Senate career. More than anything else, those spare parts horror stories of the early 1980's, the $750 pair of pliers, the $7,000 coffee pots, caught my attention, crystallized my thinking on defense. Those spare part horror stories were a turning point, I think not for me, but for so many people. Uncontrolled waste offends American people. It offends me. The spare parts horror stories convinced me that President Reagan's plan during the 1980's to pump up the defense budget was a colossal taxpayers' ripoff. The spare parts horror stories undermine the credibility of the Reagan defense buildup.  They turned me into a reformer and drove me to watchdogging the defense, digging into fraud, waste, and abuse. I do not happen to sit on the Armed Services Committee. I am not on the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. I have to admit, I never served in the military. So as a conservative Republican, it is not easy for me to tangle with the Pentagon. But common sense tells me this waste is not right, so I speak out, and you must keep digging.  That is what brings me to the floor today. For unexplained and unknown reasons, my Republican colleagues and some Democrats seem bound and determined to pump up the defense budget once again without ever telling us when enough is enough.  Their plan is to pump up the defense budget, and it does not seem to make sense. It defies understanding and defies reason. They want to start back up the slippery slope we did in the eighties. It is a prescription for more Pentagon waste and mismanagement. It is like a scheme to extort money from the taxpayers.  The principal threat to our national security, as we knew it, is gone. The Soviet military threat has evaporated. My good friend from Arizona just spoke about the worries around the world that we have to consider, yes, but he mentioned the former Soviet Union. Russia could not even win in Chechnya. If that does not prove the cold war is over, what does?  Once again, I want to remind my colleagues what happened 10 years ago. Back on May 2, 1985, the Senate rejected President Reagan's plan to rapidly escalate defense spending, which justification was the cold war.  President Reagan and his Secretary of Defense, Cap Weinberger, wanted to push the defense budget numbers from $255 billion in 1985 to $300 billion in 1986, to $400 billion in 1987 to $500 billion in 1990. Remember, that was at the height of the cold war, the height of the Soviet military power. But regardless, a Republican Senate in 1985 and a Republican President put the brakes on. The Senate threw cold water on that plan to go up to double the defense budget in the 5-year plan. The Soviet threat was a main drive then behind those big budget numbers. It is gone now. So the defense numbers should be coming down, not going up.  True, in real terms, the numbers have dropped slightly from the cold war average. Maybe by 10 percent. But that is just a drop in the bucket compared to the dramatic decrease in the threat. So why are my Republican colleagues trying to force the numbers to move in the wrong direction? As we learned back in the eighties, higher defense budgets in peacetime brings higher costs, brings more overhead and more waste, not more defense.  So long as the defense leadership remains asleep at the switch, more money for more defense when there is no real threat, no real need is waste by definition. The Senate is in the process of blessing waste, the mindless and careless expenditure of money.  The Senate is about to give the Pentagon bureaucrats huge sums of extra money to spend for no known purpose, for no known return and no known reason. The bureaucrats at the Pentagon are licking their chops at the prospects. The extra money will be used to buy weapons we do not need, like the Seawolf submarine, the F-22 fighter, the B-2 bombers and Comanche helicopters, all designed to defeat a threat that no longer exists.  To make matters worse, these cold war relics are all underpriced and underfunded. They are underpriced and underfunded because their outrageous price tags cannot be justified in the absence of Soviet military threat. So what we are really doing is shoveling money at the contractors to pay for the hidden costs. All this extra money will not buy more weapons and equipment; it is going to buy more costs. It is that simple. History teaches us that the cost of the future years' defense program almost always exceeds the money in the budget. That is called, over program.  DOD budget managers like to underestimate costs and overestimate the amount of money Congress appropriates. Their appetite is always much bigger than their budgets. This kind of mismanagement causes the plan's reality mismatch. The General Accounting Office's ongoing historical review of the 5-year defense procurement program shows that DOD consistently pays more but gets less. On an average, 130 percent is paid by the defense for 80 percent of the program, and that is what the data shows.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DeWine). The Senator's time has expired.  