 President, quite frankly, Mr. White's letter to me is a disappointment. Mr. White says that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ``is conducting a study to validate the size of the OSA fleet in wartime.'' Now the committee has signed off on this approach. Another study is a delaying tactic. I think that is all it is, quite frankly.  I said a moment ago our OSA fleet has been studied to death. As chairman of the Department of Defense Commission on Roles and Missions, Mr. White concluded that the fleet of airplanes was too big and that it should be cut down to size. Well, this is where the rubber meets the road. Mr. White is the top dog over in the Pentagon now. He occupies a very top position. Mr. White is now in a position to give some direction and guidance, and his recommendations in the roles and missions report tells me that he already knows what that direction should be.  So what is he waiting for? The time has come to stop studying the issue. More study is a waste of time and, most important, a waste of money. The Department of Defense, under Mr. White's direction, should develop a plan to downsize this fleet of aircraft. How many of these airplanes are really needed? How should the fleet be managed? How should the Department dispose of the unneeded airplanes? Those are the questions that must be addressed.  I do not see my amendment as the magic solution, by the way. My amendment was merely a starting point. I am not convinced that my proposed number, whatever I might pick, whether it be 20 percent, 30 percent, 40 percent, or 50 percent, might be the right number. But I do not think we can settle for ignoring the recommendations of Colin Powell, the recommendations of General McPeak, the recommendations of the roles and missions report under Mr. White's directive. I do not believe we can ignore the General Accounting Office that there are more airplanes than are needed. Only 9 percent of these planes were used in the Persian Gulf war. It is time to downsize the fleet. I think that we ought to take a first step this year during the debate on the defense authorization bill to make a downpayment on the recommendations that have been made by Colin Powell, General McPeak, and by Mr. John White. I want to see us start down the road in that direction, the direction proposed by the Deputy Secretary of Defense, White, and I want that first step to be meaningful and to be significant.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  