 President, I rise in strong support of the action of the conferees decision not to fund President Clinton's initiative last year which spent $405 million to hire over 6,000 more IRS agents. This is an issue that Senator Lott and I have worked on very closely for over a year and I am pleased to see that our efforts have achieved a success for the taxpayers.  In particular, I want to commend Senator Shelby for his work. This would not have happened were it not for Senator Shelby's efforts and his decision to put the interest of the American taxpayer first and not listen to the voices of empire-building bureaucrats at the IRS.  I find it particularly galling that when the President is thumping his chest about vetoing bills, he forgets to tell the American people that one of his top priorities is to get $405 million to retain the 6,000 plus additional IRS agents--that is right 6,000 more IRS agents that he hired last year.  And remember, the IRS has already seen a massive increase in staff, from 82,000 in 1982 to over 110,000 in the early 1990's. Yet, that was not enough for President Clinton.  President Clinton wanted to have 6,000 more IRS agents knocking on taxpayers doors. And last year, the big-spending Democrats in Congress were happy to oblige.  But last fall, the voters spoke strongly for a smaller Government. And today we see a significant response to those voters. This bill will ensure that the IRS will not have 114,000 IRS agents looking through your files but instead 106,000--a reduction of 8,000 agents.  We have asked the American taxpayers to tighten their belts enough times, now we are finally asking the IRS to do the same. And let me say, you do not hear about it in press releases from the White House, but in closed doors they have been fighting tooth and nail for more money to keep these additional IRS agents and incredibly, to hire even more.  We have heard on this floor the question asked many times, ``Whose side are you on?'' It is clear that the White House is on the side of bigger bureaucracy and more agents at the IRS, and this Congress is on the side of the taxpayer and small businessmen and women struggling to pay the bills and who just want big Government off their backs.  Once again I want to commend Senator Shelby and Congressman Lightfoot, chairman in the House and the conferees for their work on this issue. This is clearly a red letter day for taxpayers who have finally won one over the IRS.  I yield the floor.  