  I have to acknowledge that it is with mixed emotions that I speak tonight on this conference report before us. I am very pleased to join my colleagues in support of a sweeping welfare reform proposal, probably the most sweeping in recent history. But I am angry at the President for saying that he will veto this.  I suppose you would say I should not be surprised that the President would veto this. I suppose you would look at his complaining about the Government being shut down and understand that he vetoed four bills this week, that if he had not vetoed them, Government would be functioning. Yet he wants to point the finger at us.  This is the President who, in 1992, said we are going to change, reform welfare as we know it. He said that as a candidate. He said that as President of the United States. And considering the fact that he is always for a balanced budget on television but never negotiating for a balanced budget when he sits down to do it, or his people sit down to do it, and you cannot even get numbers on a sheet of paper, we maybe should not be surprised that the President said he is for reforming welfare as we know it and all of a sudden does not want to reform welfare as we know it, because he has a record of changing his mind on the very most critical issues before our country. He kind of has a real problem with making up his mind.  Mr. President, I have made up my mind. I am supporting this conference agreement. The House passed this conference by a vote of 245 to 178. That is a bipartisan vote. We should pass this bill more overwhelmingly than the House did. Remember, this passed the Senate 88 to 11. As I have said many times on this floor, States have been very successful in their efforts to reform welfare under waivers that are begrudgingly given to them by some faceless bureaucrat from time to time down at HHS. My own State of Iowa has a very successful effort at moving people from welfare to work, saving the taxpayers money, moving people off of welfare completely and trying to change the atmosphere in welfare of dependence to one of independence, where there is a sense of pride and esteem once again. The way my State of Iowa is doing this is by having the highest percentage of any State in the Nation of welfare recipients who are on private-sector jobs.  We have raised that percentage in 3 years of our reform from 18 percent to 34 percent. This is the kind of success that we at the Federal level have failed to achieve. Even in our best attempts in the 1988 Family Support Act we failed. That bill passed 96 to 1. That vote means that it was the best of intent to reform welfare. But we have three and a quarter million more people on welfare now than we did then. And it is costing billions of dollars more, which means we have failed to reform welfare.  We have seen States in the meantime succeed at welfare reform. That is the premise of this legislation. Moving out of the Washington bureaucracy the responsibility for welfare, moving it to our State and local governments to accomplish what we could not accomplish--moving people from welfare to work, moving people from dependence to independence, and saving the taxpayers' money.  I am pleased that we are making this move. We are acknowledging that we in Congress do not have a lock on wisdom or compassion. We are saying that we trust Governors and State legislatures to take care of citizens in need, and to do it with a community-based approach and to reform welfare thus doing.  When we started this process 10 months ago now, I set four goals that I wanted to accomplish in welfare reform.  First, to provide a system that will meet the short-term needs of low-income Americans as they prepare for independence.  Second, to provide States a great deal of flexibility.  Third, to reduce the incidence of out-of-wedlock births.  And, finally to save the taxpayers some of their hard-earned money.  I am pleased that Senator Roth has led a conference that has given us a report that substantially addresses each of these goals.  The conference report provides for a block grant of the AFDC program to the States so that the States can meet the needs of low-income Americans in the most community-oriented, cost-efficient manner. It accepts a fact of life--that you cannot pour one mold here in Washington, DC, and expect to spend the taxpayers' money wisely solving the problems the same in New York City as you do in Waterloo, IA. This will let New York do the best with the taxpayers' money they can to accomplish the goals that they know should be accomplished, and the people in Iowa will do it according to their best way.  In doing so, this gives the States the great flexibility they need to design their programs to meet the needs of their individual citizens. Iowa has demonstrated a great benefit of the program designed with its citizens in mind, its very own program. Over 2 years ago, the Iowa State Legislature passed a bill that totally overhauls our welfare system. State leaders came to us at the Congress at the Federal level for that waiver necessary to implement their ideas. The waiver was finally approved, and the State plan was implemented in October 1993.  As I mentioned before, in the last 2 years, we have moved from 18 percent to 34 percent the number of our welfare recipients in jobs. This dramatic increase shows the ingenuity of the Iowa State plan to move people from welfare to work. It also shows the importance of giving much greater flexibility to State leaders.  Another positive portion of the final report is that it protects States which are under waiver agreements like my State of Iowa.  When Iowa came to the Federal Government for their waiver, they were required to have a cost neutrality clause in their contract agreement with the Federal Government. If my State wanted to try new ideas, then they were told by the Federal Government that they would have to bear the burden of any additional cost incurred. Being sensitive to the Federal deficit, I understood the need for that agreement.  But since we are now changing the rules of the game midstream, it was critical that we not hold the States liable under those waiver agreements. Since we are going to change our end of the deal--we at the Federal level by this legislation--States should not be required to live up to their end of the deal. This issue was addressed in the conference agreement by allowing States to cancel their waiver agreements while addressing the up-front costs that States have invested in their welfare programs.  My next goal was to take steps to address the seemingly intractable problem of out-of-wedlock births. The conference report requires that teenage mothers live at home, or in a supervised setting. If there is anything that we should all be able to agree upon, it is that young teenage mothers should not be left alone in raising children. They need support.  Witness after witness who came before Senator Roth's committee agreed that teenage moms should not be left to fend for themselves and their children.  The conference also keeps the family cap but allows States to opt out if they desire. This compromise between the original House and Senate language is reasonable because it keeps the States from ignoring the issue but leaves the final determination to each State legislature.  My last goal--to save the taxpayers some of their hard-earned money--is really more of a result of reform than a goal itself. If we take steps to move people from welfare to work, give greater flexibility to the States, and reduce illegitimacy, we will--in the long run--save some taxpayer money. This would be a positive result.  I urge my colleagues to recognize this conference agreement as a good compromise between the House and Senate bills. It accomplishes the President's goal to end welfare as we know it.  We should send the President this conference report in the hopes that he will reconsider his recent comments and sign this bill into law. I urge adoption of the conference agreement.  