 President, I will join Senator Baucus and Senator Rockefeller in introducing the Rural Health Improvement Act of 1995.  The purpose of this legislation is to establish within Medicare a rural hospital flexibility program.  Such a program is badly needed. Many smaller rural communities, and their hospitals, are unable to sustain the full range of hospital services necessary to qualify for participation in the Medicare Program. There are several reasons for this. Among the most important is that the Medicare rules and requirements for full service hospitals are burdensome and inflexible. Compliance with them is difficult for smaller rural facilities. Furthermore, Medicare reimbursement is inadequate. This latter problem is compounded by the fact that these hospitals are likely to be dependent on the program--most of their patients in any given year are likely to be Medicare beneficiaries. Thus, most of their reimbursement comes from the Medicare Program.  As a consequence, under the current Medicare rules and reimbursement levels, many of these small, rural hospitals across the country could go out of business. If they do, their communities would lose their current access to emergency medical services.  This legislation could make the difference between survival and closure for these hospitals. In Iowa, there are at least 10 hospitals, perhaps more, which could qualify for participation in the program this legislation would establish.  This legislation would help those hospitals to continue offering essential hospital services in at least four ways: It would provide more appropriate and flexible staffing and licensure standards. It would reimburse both inpatient and outpatient services on a reasonable cost basis. It would promote integration of these hospitals in broader networks by requiring participating States to develop at least one rural health network in which the rural critical access hospital would participate. And it would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to recommend to the Congress an appropriate reimbursement methodology under Medicare for telemedicine services.  Hospitals which participate in this program could thus continue to provide an essential point of access to hospital level services in their rural communities. Essentially, these hospitals could pare back the services they offer to emergency care services and to 24-hour nursing services, while continuing to participate in the Medicare Program on a reasonable cost basis. In this way, they would continue to be the major point of access to emergency medical care in their communities.  Again, I am pleased to join my colleagues, Senator Baucus and Senator Rockefeller, and I commend their leadership on this problem.  