 President, form DD250 is meant to tell us a lot. But what does it tell us? For starters, it gives us the contract number: F19628-89-C-0131.  It tells us that the Milstar amplifier was shipped on December 8, 1992.  It tells us the contractor was Raytheon, Burlington, MA  It tells us the amplifier's destination was McClellan Air Force Base, CA.  It gives us the national stock number: 5895-01-325-8555MZ.  It gives us the amplifier's serial number: 1005.  It tells us that the unit price for the amplifier is $363,735.  Remember that figure, because I am going to tell you how this item was sold for $20 in just a minute.  Finally, it tells us the name of the Government official who accepted the amplifier and certified that it met contract specs. The certifying official's name shown is D. Albrizio.  Well, Mr. Hamre wants us to believe that DD250, the form I inserted into the Record, is proof that the Government got what it paid for.  Now, the Air Force got the Milstar amplifier, right? No, they did not get it. We paid for an amplifier all right. Yes, we did. But we did not get it--at least not right away.  A citizen in North Carolina--Mr. Roger Spillman--got this $363,000 amplifier instead. While there is a long trail of signed certified receipts proving--and I use that advisedly--that DOD received it, the amplifier never showed up at the warehouse where it belonged.  First, it turned up as something identified as unknown overage cargo at the San Francisco terminal of the Watkins Motor Lines. Watkins had a DOD contract to deliver it to the McClellan Air Force Base. It was held there in San Francisco for 30 days. When no one showed up to claim it, it was shipped to Watkins salvage warehouse in Lakeland, FL. The Milstar amplifier was stored in the salvage warehouse for about 9 months.  Now, at that point, it was declared excess cargo and shipped to DRS, Inc., in Advance, NC, for auction. The public auction was held on October 25, 1993. The bidding started at $20. Within 45 seconds, Mr. Roger Spillman was the proud new owner of the Milstar amplifier, and it cost him exactly $75. Remember, for the original product we paid $363,000-plus.  The Air Force did not know the amplifier was missing until the owner, Mr. Spillman, called to request the instructions manual because he wanted to use it. That was almost a year after DOD officials had shown us this validated receipt of the amplifier.  Mr. President, what lesson does the case of the missing Milstar amplifier teach us? It is this: Despite Mr. [[Page S8460]] Hamre's assurances to the contrary, the form that I have been reading from today--the DD250--provides no guarantee that DOD gets what it pays for. All the form does is tell DOD what is supposed to be on the loading dock or stocked in some warehouse. It does not mean that it is really there.  The DD250 is not an internal control device.  The DD250 will not tell us whether the item received was indeed ordered.  The DD250 will not tell you whether the price paid was the price agreed to in the contract.  The DD250 will not tell you whether your accounts contain enough money to cover the payment.  The DD250 will not warn you if you are about to make an underpayment, overpayment, or erroneous payment.  To protect and control public money, then, the Defense Department must match disbursements with obligations before payments are made. That is the way it must be done.  These DD250 forms are no substitute for nitty-gritty accounting work.  If Mr. Hamre wants to do effective damage control and silence his critics, then he needs to go back to the drawing board. He needs to find a device that addresses the source of the criticism. These forms--the DD250's--miss the mark, and miss it completely. The DD250's do not protect and control the people's money.  Mr. Hamre is the DOD comptroller, and he ought to know all these things.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and yield back any time I may have.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  