 President, once again I express to my colleagues the desire that we not put amendments on this bill that will possibly be able to be discussed later on in this session on the floor of the Senate when offered to bills more germane to the subject, in this particular case campaign finance reform. In the case of the Wellstone amendment it would be the gift ban.  This is a bill that is very basic and easily understood. The underlying bill I introduced, and Senator Lieberman has been my Democratic counterpart, is a bill that is going to end the situation where we have a dual set of laws in this country, one for Capitol Hill and one for the rest of the country. We think there is a consensus on this. There is very little discussion on the underlying legislation. Before this day is out we hope to have this legislation become the law of the land by being able to pass it here, the House having agreed to it, and immediately getting it to the President of the United States.  There is nothing wrong with the proposals the Senator from Massachusetts presents to us in the way of campaign finance reform, only that it is being offered as an amendment to a bill that otherwise is basically noncontroversial. It will not pass unanimously, I know, but there is a fair consensus because it tries to correct a situation that we all agree for too long has been unjust, a situation where the laws that apply to the private sector do not apply to Congress and Capitol Hill.  So I hope we can get these amendments behind us and move on. I do not say to the Senator from Massachusetts that his subject should not be discussed or that there is anything wrong with what he is proposing to do. I just think now is not the time to do it. The bill we are dealing with, the subject matter of the bill, in S. 2, passed the House of Representatives unanimously, with only about 20 minutes of debate, in the first day of their session. Senator Dole set this bill for discussion on Thursday, the first day we were having legislative action. That is how important the leadership, the new leadership of the Senate, feels that this legislation is.  We discussed it on Thursday, on Friday, on Monday, and now Tuesday will be the fourth day. We have spent most of our discussion on this legislation on issues unrelated to congressional coverage--congressional coverage by these laws of our employees. I hope that we can get on with this legislation, that we will not accept this amendment, and that we will before the day is out get this bill passed. That will mean that we have spent 4 days on a bill that the House of Representatives spent 20 minutes on.  I yield the floor.  