 I think what the Senator from Louisiana just had to say in the way of asking questions helped clear up some of the misperceptions about this legislation.  Also, the Dole amendment is before us. I want to speak on the Dole amendment, because there are a lot of misperceptions about the legislation.  I support the Dole amendment on E. coli and other food borne pathogens. I would like to be able to argue that the amendment is necessary to protect the public health from threats to food safety.  But I think we have to be honest with each other. The regulatory reform act of 1995--that is the title of the bill before us--will not in any way jeopardize the safety of this country's food supply. So then why the Dole amendment?  The Dole amendment is necessary due to fear mongering and scare tactics used by opponents of regulatory reform in this town. They are doing this in an attempt to kill this legislation, S. 343, which has been caught up in the politics and misinformation over the proposed meat inspection regulations.  We have all seen television commercials, and we have seen the political cartoons characterizing Republicans, in particular, as supporting ``dirty meat.'' It makes it sound like we are rolling back meat inspection requirements. This is demagoguery, Mr. President, at its worst. There is not a Member of this Chamber that would put the health of this Nation's children at risk, or anybody of any age at risk.  Yet, the administration and the opponents of this bill would have you believe that the proposed meat inspection regulation would somehow be delayed or even eliminated altogether by this bill. That is simply not the case.  This bill already allows agencies to avoid conducting cost-benefit analyses and risk assessment when a regulation is necessary to avoid an ``emergency or health safety threat.'' And the words ``emergency or health safety threat'' are from the legislation. Furthermore, even if this exemption were not in the bill, the proposed regulation on meat inspection has already passed cost-benefit scrutiny by both USDA and OMB.  So a regulation that they fear is in jeopardy has already gone through this process to satisfy this legislation. The administration and opponents of regulatory reform somehow seem to want it both ways. On the one hand, they argue that if this bill is passed, there will be a serious and imminent threat to the Nation's food supply.  If this argument is correct, the exemption in this bill allows for the implementation of the meat inspection regulation without conducting cost-benefit analysis and risk assessment. But, on the other hand, they argue that if the exemption does not apply, the meat inspection regulation will be held up because it would not pass muster under this bill.  That is not true. Because, apparently, the regulation has already passed the cost-benefit analysis that is required. So even though I do not believe this amendment is necessary, I think it does help clarify the meaning of the bill. Most important, it is going to stop opponents from demagoging on this issue and for this reason I fully support it.  But I think what is at issue here is this. The regulators and organizations in this town who support massive big Government regulation--and of course Members of this body who are supportive of that concept as well--see their power to stretch the meaning of legislation to an extreme, to do what is in their mind everything the law will allow, just stretch the intent of Congress as much as you can--they see this legislation as impeding their power. They do not like that. It is this power in this town versus, then, the power of the people at the grassroots who want to make sure that public health and safety is protected. We all want that to happen. But we want to make sure that it is done in a reasonable way--not from emotion but from reason.  The regulators' mindset is to look at scientific data differently than the way scientists look at scientific data. This legislation is going to make sure that risk assessment and regulation generally has a scientific basis. It is a way of taking emotion out of so much of the debate that comes with regulation.  There have been many instances in which regulatory agencies have issued regulations and then they would put together panels of scientists, most from academia, to come in and look at the science behind the regulations that are issued. There are instances in which the scientific panels would say that the science is not good; where the panels would not back the science of the regulatory agency that was behind the regulation writing. Panels of scientists would say to the agency, ``Go back to the drawing board. Start over again.'' The politics of the agency or the politics of this town gets in the way of good regulation writing because of the regulators' mindset to not view scientific data the same way that scientists would.  The attitude in this town is to have just enough science as a rationale for your regulation. The attitude in this town is that we do not want science to disprove anything. Regulatory agencies do not want science to disprove anything. What they basically want is just enough data to support a regulatory decision already made, a political decision already made.  So what this legislation does is put in process a procedure by which scientific evidence is going to carry a greater weight. Most important, though, there is going to be judicial review and congressional review of the decisionmaking process so regulators, who are told to use sound science, will have to use sound science. Or, if they do not, there are going to be other people looking over their shoulders.  This legislation is going to make the regulatory process more intellectually honest. It is going to eliminate those instances in which the politics of this town or the politics of a regulatory agency say which regulations they are going to write, and then scientists come in and say sound science does not back up the regulation, so go back to the drawing board. There should not be any more need to go back to the drawing board unless a court would say that they should, or the Congress would say that they should, through the process of review.  It is very important that we have a sound scientific basis for regulation. But it is more important that the regulation writers are held accountable, by having somebody look over their shoulder. This legislation is very rational, a very rational approach to regulation writing. This legislation is badly needed to make sure that regulation is within the least costly approach to give us the most benefit.  This legislation is simply common sense, and that is what we do not have enough of in this town--maybe even in the laws we write, but most important in the regulations. That is why Senator Dole's amendment is very important, to take some of the emotion out of this debate. It is very important that we get some of this legislation passed, this regulatory reform bill passed, so we take some of the emotion out of the whole process of regulation writing in this town.  Mr. President, I have a request from the leader to read a unanimous-consent request.  