 President, I believe I will yield the floor. Based upon what the Senate majority leader has said, if the President is going to start to sit down and negotiate the way he signed into law November 20 from the point of view of submitting a balanced budget, scored by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office--at least that is the first good news we have had of reaching an agreement--there is no point of my taking any more time to point out the shortcomings of the White House in not living up to the November 20 agreement that they said, albeit today, the 18th of December, November 20 until now, would be 28 days. This was all supposed to be done by September 15. I am happy to know the President would take that initiative and that we will avoid the rhetoric and get down to real negotiating within that boundary of a balanced budget, scored by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.  I do want to complete one point. I started the point on Medicare because I wanted to point out where the President had been condemning us, as cutting Medicare. This chart, again, is just illustrative of what the Senator from Utah has already said about 45 minutes ago. We are right now spending $178 billion on Medicare; we are going to gradually increase that expenditure up to $290 billion or thereabouts, maybe a little over $300 billion by the end of this period that it takes to balance a budget.  There is no way that in the Midwest where I come from any taxpayers that I am ever going to talk to are ever going to consider that to be a cut. Just in case, for people who are cynical about those of us in Congress--and there is plenty of reason to be cynical, I know--I want to quote what President Clinton had to say about cuts versus increases like this. He was referring to increases like this, but he was evidently having somebody say you are cutting Medicare. This is what the President said on October 5, 1993, when he was commenting about the opposition of his saying he was cutting Medicare.       Medicare is going up at three times the rate of inflation.      We propose to let it go up two times the rate of inflation.      This is not a Medicare cut. So when you hear all this      business about cuts, lets me caution you this is not what is      going on. We are going to have increases in Medicare and      Medicaid, and a reduction in the rate of growth will be more      than overtaken by new investments that we are going to make.  That is the President as reported on ``MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour,'' October 5, 1993.  Nobody who is intellectually honest, if you are increasing things twice the rate of inflation--Republicans are doing that, the President proposed to do that--if it was not a cut in 1993, it is not a cut in 1995. If we are going to be sitting across the table from each other negotiating, we ought to be able to do it in an intellectually honest way.  This is what the facts are, Mr. President. The facts are that we are very dramatically increasing Medicare. It is not being cut. It is often being increased at the rate of inflation. If anyone wants to know how billions of dollars affect them, they are getting $4,000 a year now, per beneficiary, per year, of Medicare recipients. This year, it will be $7,100.  I hesitate to say that because there are a lot of constituents out there like the one that the Senator from Utah read to us about who are going to be mad because we are not even freezing this. There are very dramatic increases.  I thank the President for coming forth. I hope this time we see real negotiations.  