 President, I hope that we can see through all the fog. I hope that the gap between the future years defense plan and the budget does not mean the military has unfunded needs.  A superficial examination shows that the future years defense plan topline matches exactly the topline in the President's budget.  In theory, then, that means that all military requirements are met. That does not happen to be the real world, however.  History teaches us that the cost of the Department of Defense future years defense plan, which is 6 years out, almost always exceeds money in the budget. That is called overprogramming.  The projected cost of the future years defense plan exceeds what Congress finally appropriates.  If the Budget Committee sent a resolution to the floor with a Department of Defense-style overprogramming, I feel the Parliamentarian would rule it out of order.  So what we are faced with is a lack of truth in budgeting.  First, the leaders in the Pentagon keep us, and perhaps themselves, in the dark with bad information--bad numbers.  Second, the leaders at the Pentagon fail to manage. They avoid the tough decisions. They finance the programs, and they use maneuvers called the ``buy in'' and ``front loading'' to get the camel's nose under the tent for a specific program. The tent happens to be the future years' defense plan, 6 years of planning. To get the whole camel in the tent, the tent either has to be made bigger or the camel gets smaller.  DOD knows this, but they will not tell us. They really will not admit it. When Congress balks, the Department of Defense buys half a camel and then blames Congress for the mess, what eventually becomes a stretch out. It is kind of a process of extortion. The camel, which could be any of these defense programs, has to be reconfigured to fit under the tent of the future years' defense plan. So instead of buying a whole camel like we thought and need, we end up buying half a camel.  This is the downside of the plans/reality mismatch, which is all too evident in every defense budget.  This process undermines our force structure. Pretty soon, the military cannot do its assigned missions. The force is just too small.  There is yet another way to look at the problem and that is, once a program gains a solid foothold in the future years' defense program and that plan gets rolling, its true costs start to ooze out.  As its costs rise, overly optimistic funding levels do not materialize. The topline, then, is pressed downward by us in the Congress because we only have so much money to spend, including borrowing money, including for defense.  Congress is faced with fiscal realities and is forced to lower the topline. Costs are underestimated and available funding is overestimated. That is why the camel will not fit into the tent. The money squeeze keeps making the tent smaller.  The Seawolf submarine is an excellent case in point. When it was sold to the Congress, the Navy promised that it would cost no more than $1 billion a copy. Now the costs are all the way up to $3 billion, and perhaps even more.  The F-22 fighter is another perfect example of the front-loading operation, where a particular plan will not fit into the budget with the available money that we have to appropriate.  When the Seawolf and the F-22 front-loading operations are repeated hundreds or even thousands of times in each future years' defense plan for each separate program, we are staring down the throat of a ravenous monster.  This produces what I call a future years' defense plan blivet. Costs go up, [[Page S4711]]  projected funding comes down, and it is like trying to stuff 10 pounds of manure into a 5-pound bag.  Front loading is a wasteful and destructive practice.  The worst part about it is that the military does not get what it needs to do its job.  With the Seawolf and the F-22, the military will never get enough subs and fighters to modernize the force as we know it.  The GAO's ongoing historical studies of procurement programs show that the Department of Defense pays more but gets less.  For example, 130 percent is paid for 80 percent of a program. We must find a way to control this monster. Leadership, integrity, courage, and good information--that is what is needed. With leadership and good information, Pentagon managers might have the courage to make the hard choices needed to squeeze all of the programs into the money sack that we finally approve.  More money cannot be the answer because we all know that the Pentagon has an insatiable appetite for more money and, quite frankly, we cannot appropriate enough money to satisfy the appetite of the Defense to spend. Caspar Weinberger taught us that lesson the hard way.  Mr. President, that famous budget analyst over there at DOD, Chuck Spinney, whom I spoke about a couple speeches ago, the man who got his picture on the front cover of Time magazine, is still cranking out his spaghetti diagrams. He is doing it over there in the bowels of the Pentagon. His new briefing is called ``Anatomy in Decline.''  Like before, his data is derived from the future year defense plans. It sounds like the same old story to me, but we need to be sure. I believe that Chuck Spinney has a great deal of credibility, but I suppose since so many people in this body might not agree, then we have to do other work to make sure that it is backed up.  Senator Roth and I have asked the General Accounting Office to conduct an independent analysis and validation of the data and methodology used in this new Spinney study. Hopefully, the General Accounting Office will help put the problem in a very much understandable perspective.  Mr. President, I would now like to wrap up my thoughts on the integrity of the Department of Defense budget. In a nutshell, Mr. President, we have financial chaos at the Pentagon.  We have meaningless accounting numbers. We have meaningless budget numbers. We have meaningless cost estimates. To make matters worse, the numbers are not just meaningless; they are also misleading and they are deceptive. Bad financial information leads to bad decisions. And there is no accountability for fiscal mismanagement.  The top leadership in the building has been aware of the problems for a long time. Even former Secretary Les Aspin talked about his fiscal horror show. Secretary Perry has also talked about his.  Despite all the hand wringing in the Pentagon, despite all the misleading accounting and the misleading budget information, it still all continues to be tolerated at the top levels.  It is almost a joke. Officials openly laugh about it. The chief financial officer of any company would be fired on the spot for presenting such inaccurate and misleading fiscal data. He or she might even be jailed.  Now I know that the new comptroller over there, Mr. Hamre, is trying to fix the problem. But trying is not enough, although I do give him good marks, marks for being well intentioned and trying to overcome all the obstacles that are over there for the comptroller to do the job that he is charged with doing.  I say ``trying is not enough'' because he has to do it, and heads will have to roll because this job is done. Bad accounting and budget numbers keep Congress and the American people in the dark. That is an undemocratic process of our constitutional responsibility of control. It is undemocratic because it is unaccountable to the people.  We have a duty and a responsibility to the citizens of this country to give them a complete and a very accurate accounting of how we are spending their money.  Today, we are unable to do that as far as the Defense budget is concerned. We do not know how the money was used last year, and we do not know how the money will be used next year.  My message, Mr. President, is quite simple: If we do not know where we are and we do not know where we have been, we cannot possibly figure out where we are going. In regard to this defense issue, we could be lost. We cannot make good budget decisions until we get some good numbers.  Until the Department of Defense budget shambles is cleaned up, I do not think anyone knows for sure how much is needed for national defense right now.  Yet the President wants to put $25 billion more in, and people in this body want to put still, on top of that, another $55 billion. Why would we want to throw more good money after bad? It is beyond me, Mr. President.  I hope some of my colleagues on this side of the aisle will join me in being a frugal hog. That means opposing any increase in the defense budget. Instead, we should work hard for better management, more accurate information, and for sure, accountability. Otherwise, we are all doomed to repeat the mistakes of the 1980's.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, as I have concluded my statements on the integrity, or lack thereof, of the Defense Department budget.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  