  I will read one sentence that is in the amendment:       ``No congressional organization or organization affiliated      with the Congress may request that any current or prospective      employee fill out a questionnaire or similar document in      which the person's views on organizations or policy matters      are requested.''  Of course, this amendment is not germane to this legislation. That is obvious, as most of the amendments we have been dealing with.  The congressional accountability act is designed to make sure that Congress lives under the same laws that we impose upon the private sector. The private sector does not live under the law that the Senator from Vermont seeks to impose on Congress, because a private sector employer may ask prospective employees about their political views.  To be sure, the private sector does not ask these questions very often. Political views are normally irrelevant to the performance of job duties as a brick layer, or a secretary, or an airline pilot. Of course, it may even be poor judgment and poor public relations for any private sector business to ask such a question. But they are looking for people to perform their jobs. They do not care whether they hire Republicans, Democrats, Independents, or anything else. But the point is that it is legal for a private sector employer to ask those questions on political views if they want to. The Leahy amendment would prohibit organizations affiliated with Congress from asking the same question of prospective employees.  I spoke about the private sector, but in the political and Government arena there are varying rules about whether or not this is a legitimate question. Civil service employees and certain other governmental employees cannot be hired or fired for their political views. These tend to be nonpolitical employees who perform nonpolitical Government jobs. These employees have the first amendment right to hold any political views. In one famous case, a protected employee could not be fired for saying, ``I hope he dies.'' That statement was made when she learned of President Reagan being shot in March of 1981. However, the rules are different for political employees in both the legislative and executive branches. Rules that might apply to political views in the executive branch may not hold in regard to inquiry into that point for employees of the legislative branch. Under their constitutional duties, it is quite obvious that the President and Members of Congress must be able to hire people philosophically sympathetic to their agendas. Personnel is policy.  When President Clinton fills a position that is a political appointment, the applicant is asked his or her political views. Whenever any Members of this body hires a legislative staff member, we ask about their views. That is totally appropriate. That does not mean that we practice any form of McCarthyism. If we properly do that as individuals, then, of course, it seems reasonable to me that organizations--the very same organizations that would be prohibited by the Leahy amendment--which we join to help us in doing our jobs act properly if they choose to ask prospective employees about their political views. Members of these organizations are entitled to know the views of potential employees. Members who rely upon the organizations of Congress to submit potential employees are entitled to know if that employee would be compatible with the legislative agenda of the Member.  The amendment, however, offered by the Senator from Vermont overlooks the essential political requirements of service on Capitol Hill. And it is peculiar, because it would ban employees from completing questionnaires on their views, but it would not affect oral questioning. I do not know whether that is an oversight or not. It would not allow questioning to be asked on a form, but you could have the same questions asked orally. Thus, the amendment would not address, in any real way, the problems--if there is a problem. I do not see it as a problem, but the Senator from Vermont does. It does not, in any practical way, address what he wants to accomplish. He wants to make sure there is not some sort of litmus test for the hiring of employees on Capitol Hill. So he says you cannot ask questions on the questionnaire, but you can ask these questions orally. Moreover, I feel that inquiring about a congressional employee's political view is not in any way a horror. In fact, it is very vital to the functioning of the institution.  In short, the amendment offered by the Senator from Vermont should be rejected. It has nothing to do with congressional coverage. It would harm the ability of Members to do what they were elected to do, and it would not accomplish its stated objective. So I urge that it be rejected.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  