 President, really the only person I care who hears this is Senator Glenn. But if everybody else wants to listen and see how what I said these last few days is accurate, I am going to go into those points. But, as I said, Senator Glenn went to the agency and got their side of the story. There is nothing wrong with that, as long as they get the truth. But as most of us know, relying on an agency for the truth can be a big mistake, and I say that at the very least. After all, we are not having hearings on Waco and Ruby Ridge and Whitewater because Federal agencies and officials always tell the truth.  Now, in regard to the incident I related on Monday, about Mr. Higman of Akron, IA--that is in northwest Iowa, not Ohio--Akron, IA, northwest Iowa. Mr. Higman's was the gravel company that some of you may have heard me use as an example.  Senator Glenn stated that a Federal magistrate and a U.S. attorney approved the search warrant. That is all very true. But, as I said in my remarks on Monday, the Federal agencies, including even the magistrate and U.S. attorney, were relying on a phony informant who, by the way, was a disgruntled employee. And, by the way, Mr. Higman was acquitted. As I said, he, in the process, has lost $200,000 in either legal fees or lost business.  There were supposed to be firearms and machine guns on the property. What did they find? They found a loaded .22 used for rats and varmints, not a shotgun as was alleged by my friend from Ohio. And it is not a crime to have a loaded .22 rifle on your property. Of course, if the ATF and some of my colleagues had their way, there would be millions of people in hot water for having a loaded .22 on their property.  As for the so-called toxic waste that was on the property, the Senator from Ohio made an unfortunate insinuation that it could have been cyanide or something deadly. So, what was it? It was some drums of paint thinner. Maybe paint thinner should not have been on the property. But at least the Senator from Ohio acknowledged that Mr. Higman was acquitted. But then the Senator said that he found that Mr. Higman did not do it knowingly. The fact is, Mr. Higman did not do it knowingly because he did not do it at all. He did not do it at all. Who did store the waste on Mr. Higman's 300-acre property without Mr. Higman's knowledge? It was the paid informant that the EPA used. This paid informant, who, by the way, was offered $24,000 by EPA, was actually paid only $2,000. This paid informant had taken this waste, hid it on the property, and tried to sell it to people. And who did the Federal agencies go after? They went after the innocent small business owner, Mr. Higman, who was set up by this disgruntled employee.  The fact remains that innocent people were subjected to very harsh treatment by a large force of Federal agents, with guns brandished, because the owner had a .22 rifle.  Remember, this is a story where I said a shotgun was pointed in the face of an accountant sitting at her desk doing accounting. Where is the rationality of all of this? You know the story of Federal law enforcement agencies out of control. These are all getting too commonplace. And to defend these actions only makes things worse. We will have a lot about Waco and about Ruby Ridge to consider in this process.  There is one other instance that the Senator from Ohio used, and it will take me a couple of minutes and I will yield the floor. This is in regard to the grain elevator problem I talked about, the grain elevator problem where EPA made a rule that assumed that every grain elevator in my State was going to operate 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, emitting pollution into the air when, if one little elevator operated that long, that would be able to process all of the 10.3-billion-bushel corn crop of the entire United States. How ridiculous can the regulation be?  The Senator from Ohio said that the EPA is aware of this problem and that the EPA is working on this problem. The only reason the EPA is aware of this problem, and supposedly is working on this problem, is because I have introduced a bill to solve this problem and because I grilled Carol Browner, the EPA Administrator, on this problem before a committee. Ms. Browner has been so-called working on it now for 9 months and the problem is still there. The regulation is still on the books. And we are not getting very far.  As a matter of fact, the EPA has refused to communicate with the Feed and Grain Association since May, despite the statement of the Senator from Ohio that the EPA is working with the grain elevator operators and owners.  My question is, why was the EPA not aware of the problem before initiating such a stupid rule in the first place, and hence the need for this legislation? And even Ms. Browner acknowledges that this rule does not make sense. But do we see any changes yet? No. Because this is another example of Federal bungling and Federal inertia, and, hence, the need for this legislation.  So I want Senator Glenn to know, I want EPA to know, that I stand by my constituents and, regardless of whether U.S. Senators or Federal agencies bring their reputations into question, these people were and are still innocent small business people, trying to get by without being strangled by an out-of-control Federal bureaucracy.  