 President, the simple answer to the issue that is before us, very well stated by the Senator from North Carolina, is that the morals around us will change when the morals within us change. That is going to be a slow process. That does not make any less important the issue that is before us.  The Senator from North Carolina has very well stated a proposition, and he probably feels he has a very good solution, a legislative solution, to the ills that he has adequately stated.  So I do not disagree with the pronouncements and description of the problem. I do disagree with the legislative solution. So I have to take exception to the approach by the Senator from North Carolina, because it is a very difficult issue.  I have given it a great deal of thought, and I believe it is important that it is being discussed. A lot of people would just as soon not discuss it. Even a lot of people within this body would just as soon not discuss it.  Last year, we heard it very eloquently stated by Bill Bennett, our former Secretary of Education, in his raising the concern that the cost to the society of moral decline since the 1960's has been very devastating. He published, as you recall, what he referred to as the ``index of leading cultural indicators,'' a compilation which attempted to demonstrate a data base analysis of cultural issues. It was a statistical portrait from 1960 to the present of the moral social behavior conditions of our modern American society.  It was in the Wall Street Journal that he wrote about quantifying America's decline. He cited some of the statistics from the index. While social spending in the United States since 1960 increased dramatically, the social indicators during the same period showed overwhelming declines. For example, Dr. Bennett says that in the last 30 years, while there has been more than a fivefold increase in social spending at all levels of government, there has been a 650-percent increase in violent crime, a 419-percent increase in illegitimate births, a quadrupling of divorce rates, a tripling of the percentage of children living in single-parent homes, more than a 200-percent increase in the teenage suicide rate, and a drop of almost 80 points in the SAT scores.  He said that perhaps more than anything else, America's cultural decline is evidence of a shift in the public's attitude and beliefs. Our society now places less value than before on what we owe to others as a matter of moral obligation, less value on sacrifice as a moral good, less value on social conformity and respectability, and less value on correctness and restraint in matters of physical pleasure and sexuality.  He also stated the good news is that what has been self-inflicted can be self-corrected. So I think Bill Bennett, in stating a crisis situation in American society, has not stated that there is no hope. In fact, very correctly he believes that it is within us as a society and individuals within our society to correct this situation.  The Senator from North Carolina has described a situation within the welfare system that contributes somewhat to this that needs to be dealt with. The only question is, should it be dealt with at the State level through the State legislatures, or should it be dealt with by those of us in Congress?  I say that the States have proven in many areas of welfare reform that they are better equipped to deal with those issues than we are.  So in the devaluation of traditional views, we have seen a reciprocal increase in self-destructive behavior. This self-destructive behavior in turn manifests itself in our communities, in our families, and it leads to an increase in destructive forces for our entire Nation. And it has costs with it.  We are talking about societal costs of illicit sexual relations. You know them better than I do: The sexually transmitted diseases; teen pregnancies that cut short bright futures; abortion; broken hearts; broken homes, not to mention the financial costs to individuals, families, communities and, again, our entire Nation.  William Raspberry addressed this concern in a Washington Post article. He remarked that:       To a striking degree, the problems we worry most about--     teenage pregnancy, fatherless households, AIDS and other      sexually transmitted diseases, dropping out of school, infant      mortality, even aspects of poverty--are the consequences of      inappropriate sexual behavior.  He goes on to say:       The hip response is to redouble AIDS research, establish      birth control clinics in nurseries and schools, distribute      condoms and clean needles, in general to teach kids what to      do in the back seat of a car.  He also goes on to say:       It is all very well to try to save people from disastrous      consequences of their behavior, but,he emphasizes,     doesn't it make sense to try to discourage some of the      behavior in the first place? A part of the message must be      directed not just at the awful consequences but at the deadly      behavior itself.  I sense what the Senator from North Carolina is saying is that at the very least, we should not give financial incentive to this sort of behavior through the welfare system which comes from the taxpayers of America. The fact is, the sexual liberation movement of the sixties demonstrated itself to be a socially and morally bankrupt one. The once-accepted practices are perceived by the mainstream as an abject failure.  We would not have this welfare reform issue before us if that was not true. It is time that our social institutions and our Nation as a whole return to the teachings of the moral obligations: Self-sacrifice, social conformity, and abstinence. They are truly virtues to be upheld, and society appreciates them.  Those who teach otherwise will have an increasingly hard sell to a growingly skeptical mainstream, and that is true or we would not even have this welfare issue before us.  Here is some of the specific research on the consequences of being born out of wedlock or living in a single-parent home. These children have specific health risks, substantially higher risks of being born at very low or moderately low birth rates. There are specific educational risks as well. They are more likely to experience low verbal cognitive attainment. They are three times more likely to fail and repeat a year in grade school than are children from intact, two-parent homes. They are almost four times more likely to be expelled or suspended from school. Children of teenage single parents have lower educational aspirations and a greater likelihood of becoming teenage parents themselves.  As I read this research, as we point to what is wrong--and you have all heard it--it is very obvious why welfare reform is an issue. Not only are there health risks and educational risks, but there are also social risks. And welfare reform is seen as a way of reducing those social risks. Being born out of wedlock significantly reduces the chances of a child growing up to have an intact marriage. These same children are three times more likely to be on welfare when they grow up.  They are also more likely to be poor. While only 9 percent of the married-couple families with children under 18 have income below the poverty level, 46 percent of the female-headed households with children under 18 have income below the national poverty level. That is the feminization of poverty. In single-parent families, where they have had a divorce, the woman is most apt to immediately be into poverty. The husband is not as likely to be. And then these risks are out there for the children as well. But there is as much risk for the young mother as well. The younger the mother, the less likely she is to finish high school. If she has children before finishing high school, she is more likely to receive welfare assistance for a longer period of time.  In fact, the Centers for Disease Control has estimated that between 1985 and 1990, the public cost of births to teenage mothers under the Aid to Families with Dependent Children Program, the Food Stamp Program, and the Medicaid Program was $120 billion.  Apart from the obvious consequences on the children, who have greater health problems and lower educational aspirations, and the cost to the young mother, who is less likely to gain independence, we have to look at the consequences for society as well. That is what I believe the Senator from North Carolina is looking at.  We have seen a dramatic rise in crime. Apart from reforming welfare, dealing with crime seems to be the highest thing on the priority list of our constituents.  According to the Bureau of Census, of those youth held for criminal offenses within the State juvenile justice system, only 29.8 percent lived primarily in a home with both parents. In contrast to these incarcerated youth, 73.9 percent of the 62.8 million children in the Nation's resident population were living with both parents.  So, Mr. President, in the face of all this evidence, is it not ridiculous to deny the need to return to sanity? The breakdown of the family and its results for our society are indeed overwhelming. The only issue becomes answering the question: Who should call for the return to sanity? The Senator from North Carolina says it should be the Congress of the United States and the Federal Government. I say it should be the State's responsibility--not in isolation and not without a track record of their success, because we have seen the Federal Government fail at welfare reform, as we have seen the number of people on welfare go up 3.1 million since the last welfare reform bill was passed 7 years ago.  In the meantime, we have seen State after State--albeit having to suffer some sort of waiver from the Federal Government to get what they want--still succeed at moving people from welfare to work, and save the taxpayers' money. I guess that gives me the confidence that I would expect my State of Iowa and I would also expect the State of North Carolina to solve the teenage pregnancy problem, the problem of illegitimacy. And if one of the ways they want to do that is discouraging it by denying additional cash benefits to mothers under age 18, then they ought to have the right to do it. If they see some other way of doing it, then that other approach ought to be tolerated by those of us in Washington, DC, who ought to readily admit a track record that proves we do not have an answer to every social problem by an enactment of Congress and an appropriation of the Congress of the United States.  So I agree that out-of-wedlock births, and all of its consequences, are destroying our society. Where we disagree is that I believe we should allow States to address the crisis. Personally, I believe the States should try many creative approaches to try to address this crisis in our Nation. I think States should look at the reform in the no-fault divorce laws that passed in the fifties and sixties. Unfortunately, I have to admit to my colleagues, as well as to my constituents in Iowa, that I made a great big mistake back in the late sixties when I supported no-fault divorce as a member of the State legislature. I hope the State legislatures will look at changing those laws to make the decision to marry a more serious one and the decision to divorce a more circumspect one.  I also think the States should look at changes in their approach to dealing with the problems of out-of-wedlock births. They need to experiment with new ideas to see how to discourage people from having children before they are ready to care for them, and they need to see what works with teenagers, what works with those who are older. The illegitimacy problem is not just one for teenage mothers. We hear a lot about discouraging young people from getting pregnant. But States also need to experiment with how to discourage young men from fathering children before they are ready to provide for them.  Changing laws alone will not change behavior, but it is a first step. In order to address these kinds of social problems, every institution in society must take this problem as a very personal problem. That means every church, every synagogue, every mosque, must work together with their congregations to bring their message of morality and purity to the people in their area. Every community group needs to urge abstinence as the only sure way to avoid disease and pregnancy. This is truly a crisis requiring immediate action at every level.  So I join my colleagues in raising the banner of awareness. However, I cannot join my colleague from North Carolina in mandating a specific requirement. I believe the States will address this issue and will address it as successfully in this area as they have on a lot of other welfare reform issues that are before us.  I yield the floor.  