  Because their budget represents a vision, it also represents a plan on how to get there to carry out that vision. This budget is conspicuous in that it is the only plan before this body that will have a real vision, and will have credibility in the process. The hallmark of this budget is that it balances present-day needs with long-term needs. That is quite a balancing act. But it does it well because it does it for children, it does it for senior citizens, it does it for the needy, and it does it for the forgotten taxpayers of America. This does not forget the taxpayers. It is not just a bottom line in the year 2002 that we are talking about, because that is balanced. But it also is balanced between our long- and our short-term needs of society.  I do not think that any Republican who voted for this in committee, including the chairman himself, however, thinks that or makes a claim that this is a perfect document. There are elements in here that each one of us dislike. I will mention a couple for myself [[Page S6863]] because I am not going to speak on the negative aspects of this. But I do think that we ought to make it clear that there might be some things we would rather have differently.  For me, representing an agriculture State, I suppose I could say I am not satisfied with the agriculture numbers. However, I had a chance to address this in committee, and I did it with a sense-of-the-Senate amendment to limit the savings from commodity programs. We farmers know agriculture must contribute toward deficit reduction because we know that people in agriculture, including the family farmers, will benefit greatly from the lower interest rates that result when you have a balanced budget.  I also do not like Medicare numbers. But the issue there is to take important steps to keep this bankrupt program solvent, and of course viable both in the short term as well as the long term. The point, Mr. President, is balance, and this budget has balance.  It also contains some very important national goals, and I want to begin my remarks by pointing out some of them. It provides a vision. That vision is to preserve opportunity and the American dream for future generations. We intend with this budget to stop the practice of allowing their generation to live high on the hog and have the next generation pay for it. That, Mr. President, is a moral issue.  Next, this budget is balanced. This is a goal shared, as you may know, by more than 80 percent of the American people. Yet, however, there is only one party that has delivered a plan to balance the budget; that is, this side, the Republican side, of the aisle. It is very clear that the Democrats cannot put one together because that party it seems happens to be the party of the status quo. It is the party of business as usual. I have no doubts in my mind that they do not propose a balanced budget because they are the party that was roundly rejected by the voters in the November election last. Those voters, those very same voters by an 80 percent majority, want our budget to be balanced and the sooner the better.  Next, our budget confronts in a very responsible way the Medicare crisis. The other side of the aisle is running away from the challenge of shoring up the Medicare program, running away from the fact that the Medicare program is bankrupt. They happen to be doing it on Medicare just like they are running away from the challenge of the deficit. Instead of being responsible, and instead of offering constructive solutions to ensure the viability of Medicare, not only for this generation but for future generations, they are engaging in a campaign to scare the senior citizens of America and to scare the wits out of them.  It is somehow like a campaign staff has taken over the policy staff. This is a completely irresponsible posture on their part.  I just stated the broad goals of our budget, Mr. President. But there are others that are reflected in this plan. I want to state them but more briefly. It moves money and power out of Washington and back to the States, the citizens, and our communities. It substantially reduces corporate welfare spending. It provides for maximum crime control to keep Americans safe by protecting funding for the Drug Enforcement Administration and the FBI. It provides a safety net for the truly needy with emphasis upon children.  It protects Social Security. It protects our national security. It protects the school lunch and school breakfast programs. And it adds $2 billion for supplemental food programs for WIC. It eliminates over 140 agencies, programs, and commissions in the downsizing of government, including the Cabinet-level Department of Commerce. It eliminates bureaucracy, waste, duplication, and overhead, and it consolidates many Government functions, privatizes many others, and improves Government efficiency.  Now, Mr. President, it does all this while allowing spending to grow by 3 percent per year instead of the projected 5 percent. Government spending will still grow by 3 percent.  Now, there are a lot of people listening who are going to be irritated because Government spending is going to grow by 3 percent. I run into this when I meet with Iowans in town meetings because I overhear concerns that 3 percent growth is irresponsible when you have a $4.7 trillion deficit. These responsible constituents are greatly concerned about the future of their children and grandchildren because--do not forget--the most important thing that we can do for today's children, the most important thing we can do for today's children is to not leave them trillions and trillions of dollars of debt to pay off.  If you are really concerned about children, we must denounce policies that are based upon a philosophy of materialism today and to heck with tomorrow. We cannot go on borrowing money today at the expense of tomorrow's needs. We must find a balance, and that is what this budget does--a balance between today's needs and our responsibilities for tomorrow.  Mr. President, that is the good news about this budget. But all of these positive elements seem to get lost in the rhetorical barbs launched by the other party and in the news coverage of this budget reported to the American people. I think I know why. That is because, as we have been reading recently, the media have a penchant for delivering the most negative of news. And the other party, quite frankly, knows this and plays to it. And it makes very great TV. But how responsible is it?  There is one other important aspect of this budget that has not been talked about much, and it should be. And that is this. There is no pay raise in this budget for Members of Congress. There is no pay raise for Members of Congress for the next 7 years until this budget is balanced, until we have earned a pay raise.  There are also changes in the Members' retirement system to bring it more in line with private sector retirement systems. This pay freeze is important for two reasons. First, it ties Members' pay to our performance in attacking the deficit. It says, ``Don't even think about a pay raise until you get the budget balanced.''  The second reason is even more important, and I wish to commend again our distinguished chairman for the implicit leadership in what this pay freeze states. It says, in effect, we are leading by example. We are leading the way toward a balanced budget by denying ourselves any more pay over the next 7 years. And as a result we are not asking Americans then to do what we are not willing to do for ourselves. When people come into my office and ask why we are slowing the growth of their benefits, I can look them in the eye and say we are denying ourselves any growth as well. As a result, this Republican budget, in my view, earns the moral authority to ask everyone, to ask everyone to pitch in and to help balance the Federal budget.  So, Mr. President, the Republican balanced budget contains a positive vision for present-day America but also for future generations of young Americans. We balance present-day needs with the need to preserve future opportunity. Meanwhile, there is no alternative vision proposed by the other side. All they seem to offer is business as usual.  By definition, the absence of a bold vision is the continuation of business as usual. If Americans ever wondered which party is a party of the status quo, let there be no doubt now.  I wish to describe this symptom, the symptoms of defenders of business as usual. They use half their ingenuity to get us into debt and the other half they use to avoid pain--paying it off. Their philosophy is live within your income even if you have to borrow to do it. They simply refuse to reconcile their gross habits with their net income.  What does a budget look like that subscribes to this philosophy? I think, Mr. President, that we have a very good example of this budget. If you look at this budget, you see the President's numbers here. You see a budget that is never balanced into the future--not only not balanced but the deficits go up and up and up.  Now, Mr. President, you look at the Senate budget that we are debating right now and you see it gradually going down and by the year 2002 it is in balance. This zero here represents no more accumulation of debt. But if you look at the difference between this budget and this budget, the space in between, you see the accumulation of $1.5 trillion of debt. That is on top of the $4.9 trillion debt we have this very day. [[Page S6864]]   This chart shows it very simply. It shows two directions into the future. That top line is business as usual, and it spells disaster for our children. The bottom line, the Domenici budget, the one that is balanced, that is the only alternative. It presents only vision for the future. That happens to be our plan, the Republican plan, the plan that was approved last week by the Senate Budget Committee.  You see from the chart the President abdicated his leadership this year in the budget process. My Democrat colleagues in this body now have to decide a simple question. Do they follow their leader in abdication and risk being the party of abdication or do they offer the country their vision in the form of an alternative? That is the question. It is easy to say what you are against, but what are you for? The American people want to know. The American people have a right to know.  During deliberations in the committee, I read a number of quotes from the Congressional Record that were uttered by Democrats on the Budget Committee. They spoke those words on the Senate floor during debate on the constitutional amendment to balance the budget.  I am not going to read those quotes today because I do not intend to embarrass anybody, but I have those quotes right here if anybody wants to know what they are. In sum, they said this during February: ``We don't need a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. We should do it in the Budget Committee.''  So, they implied, let us just roll up our sleeves and get to work on a balanced budget by the year 2002. But when it came to the Democrats voting on a motion by the chairman expressing the desire for a balanced budget by the year 2002, all but one brave soul from the other side of the aisle retreated, sounded retreat and voted against it.  Again, Mr. President, that begs a very important question: What is their plan? What is their vision?  This is then an issue of credibility. You cannot talk the talk until you walk the walk. And all we hear is sniping and wailing about what they are against. It is real easy to pick out a program in isolation and attack the whole Republican plan for a balanced budget. But until you put it in the context of your own balanced budget alternative, your concerns ring hollow and there is no credibility. If you want to snipe about the Republican budget and if you want to have credibility in doing so, you have to have an alternative balanced budget plan.  You might ask: Why do they have to have a balanced budget? Well, it is simple. The public is demanding one, and because it is our duty and obligation to this country's future and, of course, to the future generations of Americans. And not the least reason of which is that the other side said during the February debate that they wanted a balanced budget. They said that during the debate on the constitutional amendment.  Or, of course, they can choose the President's path, and they can put business as usual on automatic pilot.  So I say to them: Show us your vision. Show us how you get us there. Show us how you get there in 7 years, just like you said on the floor in February. If you do not do that, you will be all talk and no action. You will be following your leader in the White House in abdication of responsibility and then you risk becoming the party of abdication.  Now, I think I can claim for myself, this Senator from Iowa, that I have worked closely with the other side over the years for more deficit reduction than the leadership of their party or even our party maybe wanted.  Last year was just one of the latest examples. I happened to join my good friend, Senator Exon from Nebraska, the Democratic leader of the Budget Committee, in sponsoring the Exon-Grassley amendment. That saved the taxpayers $13 billion. I am the only Republican on the Budget Committee who can claim to have voted for a Democratic budget resolution in getting a budget to the floor.  I joined the other side those times because they were responsible, fair, and tough on the deficit. I did so even when it meant criticizing the President of my own party.  My colleagues on this side know full well that I have been willing to criticize past Republican Presidents. And I now make this same charge against this President for the budget that he submitted this year. It had no credibility regarding deficit reduction. He punted to the Congress. He took a vacation on reducing the deficit.  What I am saying now is--and I believe I have sufficient credibility to say it--if you do not offer a credible balanced budget alternative to Chairman Domenici's mark, you Democrats risk becoming the party of abdication as far as the public's desire for a balanced budget is concerned.  You might even come up with a plan that I could support, as I have done in the past. That is, if it were balanced. I want it balanced in the year 2002 if you want me to vote with you Democrats. But until you walk the walk, the credibility will not be there.  Mr. President, these are new times. These are times that require a vision. These are times that require a plan to get where you are viewing. You have to find a way to balance your present day priorities with long-term needs to preserve the future for coming generations.  Mr. President, we--not just the Members of the Senate--we--not just people inside the beltway--we--you, all the people of America, this generation--cannot live just for today. We have to live for today and we have to live for tomorrow.  We on this side of the aisle have presented a vision and we have presented a plan to get there. The question now, Mr. President, is: ``Where's theirs?'' I want to repeat: ``Where's theirs?"  I yield back the remainder of my time and reserve it for the Republicans.  