 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  Before I speak about the amendment that the Senator from Massachusetts just discussed, I wish to settle an issue that I discussed with my friend from North Dakota on his amendment concerning just exactly what CBO says the cost of that amendment is.  I hope that there will not be any dispute on this point. The Conrad amendment costs money. He says it saves $63 billion. There is nothing in this amendment that he has before us that saves $63 billion. In fact, what he basically has done is add provisions to the Dole bill that cost $7 billion.  I have the CBO estimate in my hand, and it says right here, $6.992 billion is the cost over a 7-year period of time. So I hope that will put that to rest now as to the aspects of that amendment.  In regard to the amendment that is before us, the Dodd amendment, I wish to remind my colleagues that the Dole modification to the original bill S. 1120 regarding child care--offered on September 8, last week--prohibits States from sanctioning a single custodial parent if appropriate child care for a child age 5 and under is not available within a reasonable distance of the home or work site, or informal child care by a relative is unavailable or unsuitable, or appropriate and affordable formal child care arrangements are not available.  So there will not be any sanctioning of any parent with a child under age 5 if these sort of suitable arrangements are not readily available.  Let me point out that S. 1120, as introduced, provided and continues to provide two streams of funding for child care. I think we are getting the opinion from the other side that there is no concern whatsoever about provisions for child care. That simply is not so. And the original had provisions for child care. But to address some Members' concerns, that maybe it did not go far enough, those provisions I just stated were added.  In the original S. 1120, the current AFDC-related child care provisions, like IV-A child care, transitional child care, and at-risk child care, are included as part of the cash assistance block grant to the States. Funding for that is $16.8 billion for each year, fiscal year 1996 through fiscal year 2000.  The current child care and development block grant, the State dependent care planning and development grants, and child development associate credential scholarships are folded into a separate child care development block grant. Funding for these is authorized for fiscal year 1996 at $1 billion and such sums as necessary through the year 2000.  The Dodd amendment earmarks $1 billion of the cash assistance block grant for child care and provides an additional $5 billion to States for child care. Furthermore, it mandates that the child care provisions apply to children 12 and under, including prohibiting States from applying sanctions to those who do not fulfill their work requirements.  Now, it seems as if liberals refuse to recognize that the main cash assistance block grant and the child care and development block grant will not constitute the only funding source available to AFDC children. Other funding sources for child care include Head Start, title 20 and chapter 1.  While liberals attack the Work Opportunity Act of 1995 as somehow being a Home Alone bill, like we have no care whatsoever for children, they continue to ignore the fact that most of the JOBS participants did not report receiving child care funded by AFDC day care. In fact, according to the CRS, only 38 percent of all AFDC JOBS children age 5 and under reported receiving IV-A paid child care in fiscal year 1993.  The other side complains that the measures to sanction mothers who   refuse to work are punitive because they may not be able to work due to a lack of available child care. However, this concern has been answered by the additional provisions offered on September 8 because the States will not sanction mothers that they determine cannot obtain appropriate child care. I hope we have addressed their concern satisfactorily.  Liberals claim that the Congressional Budget Office figures prove that S. 1120 will impose an unfunded mandate on the States concerning child care costs. The CBO estimates show additional costs of $280 million in fiscal year 1998, $830 million in fiscal year 1999, and $2.2 billion in fiscal year 2000.  However, the Congressional Budget Office estimates are based on the 1994 caseload level for all 5 years. The fiscal year 1994 caseload was at a historically high level due to the massive expansion of the rolls following the Family Support Act of 1988.  The Republican bill provides the mechanisms to give the States the flexibility that is needed in order to lower costs and improve the quality of child care. Our bill enables States to transfer up to 30 percent of the available funds between the child care block grant and the main cash assistance block grant. This transfer of funds will permit States to make the proper provisions for both low-income and welfare children so that funding is available as parents shift from welfare to work. The ability to transfer funds between block grants then gives States the maximum flexibility to target resources where they are needed.  We in Washington, DC, and the Congress of the United States, cannot expect to pour one mold here in Washington, DC, where we are going to solve all the child care problems or all the welfare problems as they exist in New York City or my State of Iowa in exactly the same way. We cannot expect a good use of the taxpayers' money to accomplish the most.  We have to wake up to the fact in this body and in this town that our population is so heterogeneous, our Nation so geographically vast, that it is impossible to make these very critical decisions in Washington, DC, that are going to solve the welfare problems the way they ought to be solved with the best use of the taxpayers' money moving people from welfare to work in the process.  Our bill gives States the flexibility to accomplish that. The reason that we give States the flexibility to do that is because so many of our States have shown the ability in their welfare reform legislation to move people from welfare to work and save the taxpayers money.  This legislation builds upon the success of several States, albeit under waiver from the Department of HHS, to experiment, to use new dynamic approaches to welfare reform. But they are doing it. And we observe that. We observe that States are going to do it better than we can. In fact, considering the fact that 3.1 million more people are on welfare now than in 1988, the last time Congress acted, it ought to prove to us dramatically that our efforts toward welfare reform have failed.  Now, in addition to what I said about the 30 percent that can be transferred between the block grants by the States--and that is a legitimate discretion to the States--our bill says that the States can determine the proportion of funds to be allocated for child care and the method of delivery. It could be cash, it could be vouchers, it could be reserved spaces in designated facilities. It gives to the States the method of delivery in the main cash assistance block grant, and the provision to improve the quality of care for children, enabling relatives and religious providers to care for children without onerous regulatory burdens. At the same time, we hope to be able to do it by lowering the cost of child care.  Our bill strengthens current law regarding parental choice by eliminating the registration requirements for relatives who serve as child care providers as a condition of receiving a subsidy from the block grant, and includes provisions requiring that referrals honor parental choice of child care providers. Our bill permits the States to provide vouchers to recipients so they can contract for child care by charitable, religious, and private organizations through a voucher system.  Our bill allows us to move beyond the point that Government is the answer to every problem and that only Government can solve our social problems. We have a number of examples that serve as a structure for charitable, religious and other private organizations, with a little help through a voucher system, that are able to help solve these problems in a much better way than the Government. We should not assume here in Washington that Government generally is the answer to every one of our problems. And when we assume that Government is an answer--obviously, through this legislation, we are not assuming that the Federal Government is the only answer to every problem, but that there is a role for State and local governments.  But an obvious step beyond that is not to assume that Government, and a Government program, is the answer, but that there are other organizations out there in our society--charitable, religious and private organizations--that can help, and maybe even do a better job of it than we in Government can do. So our bill does that.  Our bill also allows States to count welfare mothers as fulfilling work requirements by providing child care services for other welfare mothers. To the other side I say, it is legitimate maybe to think in terms of problems that might be created, that children need to be taken care of when mothers are working. But the answer to that problem might be in the very neighborhood of the welfare mother who wants to go to work by giving income to another welfare mother who wants to provide child care in the home. This will help them move from welfare to work, maybe to establish a very successful occupation and business they would not otherwise be able to start.  So neighbor helping neighbor is one answer to this problem, as well. You do not have to look just to some sophisticated organizations to provide child care. Give options to the families. Give neighbors an opportunity to help, particularly if that neighbor is somebody on welfare that wants to move to other sources of income. This gives that opportunity.  Now, under our bill, States can meet work participation rates without incurring major additional child care costs by moving recipients with older children off the rolls and into work.  According to the General Accounting Office, JOBS participants tend to be older and have older children than nonparticipants. The most recent data available from the Department of Health and Human Services indicates that for 39 percent of the AFDC families, the youngest child was 6 years old and over.  The Dodd amendment constrains State flexibility by eliminating $1 billion from the cash assistance block grant and making a decision here in Washington, DC. It earmarks it through congressional enactment for child care rather than leaving the decision to the States.  In addition, it appropriates $5 billion--that is in addition to the $1 billion I just spoke about--in Federal funds for child care grants over the next 5 years, even though the need for these funds has not been demonstrated.  Under the Republican bill, the child care block grant calls for such sums as are necessary in fiscal years 1997 through the year 2000. So if there is a need for increased funding, then funds can be appropriated through this provision rather than locking Congress into a decision to spend $5 billion right now.  The Dodd amendment effectively provides sufficient funding for every parent to have child care for children 12 and under and enforces the entitlement by eliminating the State's ability to sanction parents who choose not to work.  We assume that the States have the ability to make that decision, for children over 5 that they ought to have that right to make that decision. Our bill does that.  I yield the floor.  