 President, I appreciate very much what the Senator from South Dakota, the very distinguished leader of the Democratic Party in this body, has to say about bringing common sense and some sensibility to regulation. I do not want to speak just to his amendment. But I think the points he is trying to make are the very basis for the legislation before us.  Although I might disagree with his amendment or whether it is needed, I want to give an example, as I have been trying to do each of the last 2 days, of instances in which regulations have had a very negative impact in my State, a very unfair impact on certain individuals--individuals and small businesses, people that cannot afford to pay the legal fees to fight the harassment they get from Government bureaucrats, or where there is a misapplication of regulation, or where there is what I am going to mention today, disputes between Government agencies.  It is one thing to have a very egregious regulation that may be justified making an impact negatively upon what an individual might want or might not want to do. But it is quite another thing to have one Government agency say you can do something and another Government agency come along and say you cannot do it, and then not even be able to get a resolution to the dispute between the two agencies. And then what is even worse--in the case I want to recite for you--is that there are four Government agencies that have four different definitions of what a wetland is, and then you are negatively impacted.  Some say you can go ahead and do something, and another Government agency comes along and says ``No, we are going to fine you for what you did,'' and you cannot make use of your land.  Then it is really quite perplexing for the farmer who moved ahead on the basis of two Government agencies saying he could do something, and then after a third and a fourth Government agency said he could not do it, one of the first two Government agencies that said he could do it changed their mind and said he could not do it.  Now, when I say we ought to have common sense brought to regulation writing and in the enforcement of regulation, the very least that a citizen ought to be able to expect out of his Government is to get an answer and to get a resolution of a problem, and to get a quick resolution of the problem.  Persons ought to expect in the first place they would not have two Government agencies, one saying you could do something and one saying you could not do it. Or you would at least think if that is the way it is, those two Government agencies ought to get together and say ``Yes, you can do it,'' or, ``No, you cannot do it.''  We have such a morass of regulation and we have so much conflicting regulation that we actually have citizens of the United States that cannot get a resolution, cannot get agreement among Government agencies, and then it is even difficult to get an answer to your problem when you spend a lot of money on legal fees and appeals.  Now, that is the regulatory state on a rampage that is looking out for its own interest and not the interest of the citizens that it is impacting.  There is not common sense in a lot of regulation writing, and we, in rural America, have found really a lack of common sense when it comes to Government regulation of wetlands.  I want to highlight another case in my State that illustrates this. Remember, yesterday, I spoke about the country cooperative elevators that are impacted from the air quality standards of EPA, where they want to regulate what only occurs about 30 days out of a year as if it were happening 365 days, 24 hours a day, and costing these small cooperative businesses up to $40,000 to fill out a 280-page form that once they get it filled out only 1 percent of the elevators in my State are going to be impacted by the regulation in the first place.  The day before, I spoke about how EPA caused a small business in my State--the costs of legal fees and lost business $200,000--to defend himself against a criminal charge that was brought by EPA, by a paid informant who was a disgruntled former employee, and there was not any case there. Misinformation.  They came on this businessperson, a quiet morning at 9 o'clock in the morning, with their shotguns cocked, wearing bulletproof vests, sticking the gun in the face of the owner and in the face of the accountant, all on misinformation, and costing the business $200,000.  Now, that is what is wrong with regulation. There are people in this body that want Government regulation and they do not care about the adverse impacts upon the small businesses of America and the farmers of America from adverse regulation.  This bill before the Senate is to bring common sense to this process--nothing more, nothing less.  In the instance I want to recite this morning, it all started in April 1989. A young family purchased a 284-acre farm in Mahaska County, IA. I presume from the description of how this problem evolved, this was probably not a very expensive farm. It was probably a farm that only a young person could afford to purchase. Remember, in my State, less than 5 percent of the farmers are under 30 years of age. We lost a whole generation of farmers because of the agriculture depression in the 1980's. The average age of the farmer in my State is 61 years of age.  Do we want young farmers to start farming? Do we want them to start this business where they will produce for the consumer of America the cheapest food of any consumer in the world, because we city slickers only spend 8 percent of disposable income on food? There is no other consumer anywhere in the world that has that cheap of a buy or that quality of a buy. Or do we want corporate farming to take over America, where there are no young farmers who have the ability to get started?  We have a harassment by a Government agency here that I am going to give an example of that is an impediment to young people getting into farming, because this farm was in a state of disrepair. That is why it was cheaper for this person to buy.  The drainage system needed improvement. There was a stand of timber occupying part of the land. He wanted to make some improvements once he purchased it. He did the right thing. Before messing with Government regulation, because we really cannot understand Government regulation, go to some friends at the Soil Conservation Service and check with them, because for 60 years, the Soil Conservation Service provided technical help to the farmer. The farmer considered the employees of the Soil Conservation Service to be people that would level with or help you.  Now, of course, these employees of the Soil Conservation Service are seen as regulators. Farmers do not want them on their farm. You do not go to their office to ask questions any more because some Federal regulator is going to come down on you if there is some suspicion that you might do something that was wrong. Yet we have reduced dramatically the amount of soil erosion in America because of the cooperation between the family farmer and the Soil Conservation personnel.  Even in 1989, this farmer did the right thing, because he does not want to do something to his land and have the Government regulator come in and say ``You did this and should not have done it.'' So he did the right thing and checked with them ahead of time before making the necessary improvements to his drainage system and before clearing some of the trees. He checked with the Soil Conservation Service. The personnel at the SCS authorized his plans.  Also, the Iowa Department of Natural Resources, the State agency which issues farmers flood planning permits, also authorized what he wanted to do.  With the blessing of two Government agencies representing both State and Federal governments, this young farmer cleared trees and improved the drainage on his new farm.  However, in just a few months, October 1989, the Army Corps of Engineers, a Federal agency, visited the farm. They discovered and alleged that a wetland had been filled without a permit. A follow-up letter by the Corps directed the farmer to obtain an after-the-fact permit or be fined up to $25,000 per day. Mr. President, $25,000 per day--that is what the average farmer lives on in Iowa for a whole year.  A short time later, the Fish and Wildlife Service visited the farm and determined that more than 100 acres of wetlands had been impacted. Now, of course, this farmer was shocked to discover wetlands on his otherwise dry farm, especially since the Soil Conservation Service had already approved his actions.  The farmer agreed to a wetlands delineation by the corps. The corps used what is now not used by the corps, a 1989 wetlands manual, and according to this manual, you had to have water within 4 feet of the ground surface for it to be classified as a wetlands. And at no time has there been water at that level. However, they did find, under another provision of the wetlands delineation, the presence of hydric soils, and so they declared 95 percent of the farm wetland.  Since the farmer thought this conclusion was absurd, he decided to appeal to the Soil Conservation Service, another Federal agency, because of that agency's long history of working with farmers and because they said he could go ahead and make these improvements.  Now, this is what is really frustrating to the farmer. This time around, when he went back to the SCS office, he found that the SCS office was more interested in cooperating with the Corps of Engineers than they were with the farmer. Even though they originally said that he could clear the land and improve the drainage system. This time the SCS was not the friend of the farmer. They found his 284-acre farm had 150 acres of wetlands. This determination was made in the face of compelling evidence to the contrary.  An extensive engineering study on the farm shows that normal flooding fails to inundate the farm for the 7 days required under the 1989 manual--which manual is no longer used. Furthermore, evidence from 23 monitoring holes showed that the water depth on the farm is normally 4 to 5 feet and not the 7 days on the surface that you must have under that manual to have a wetlands delineation.  So the farmer used this evidence from this extensive engineering study to appeal, then, to the Soil Conservation Service State office. Although the regulations required the Soil Conservation Service to respond to an appeal request within 15 days, they took more than 150 days to respond.  You know, 150 days is a whole cropping season on Iowa farmland--a growing season. They cannot even respond in the 15 days. Then you wonder why we need a regulatory reform act? It ought to be very obvious why we need one.  Now, surprisingly, when the SCS, the Soil Conservation Service, did respond, do you know what they said? They said they did not have enough information to make a decision. But the Soil Conservation Service had enough evidence to agree with the Corps of Engineers that 150 acres of this 284-acre farm had wetlands on it--after, months before, they said you can go ahead and make these improvements. They said they did not have any information, after both the Corps and the SCS had already made determinations of wetlands based on the exact same information.  Based on this case, it seems to me it is very easy to understand why the American public has become cynical about its Government. All people want for the high taxes they pay in this country, plus all the money we borrow--saddling the next generation of children and grandchildren with a big cost--they may not like the Government they get, and they are not getting what they are paying for, but they would at least like to see their Government work. Instead, what we have is a bureaucracy characterized by overlapping jurisdictions, where one official can authorize an action that another will condemn you for later.  There is also a lack of flexibility and common sense in interpreting and enforcing regulations. The average citizen can find himself subject to the whims of a powerful yet irrational Federal bureaucracy. During the last 2 years this young Mahaska County farmer I am referring to here has spent his own time and money attending countless numbers of meetings, hearings and appeals. His farm has been visited by Government officials on 7 different occasions. And he still does not have an answer. This all started in 1989 and here it is 1995. He spent thousands of dollars defending himself against Federal regulators, and the U.S. Government has spend thousands of taxpayers' dollars to deprive this farmer of the economic use of his property, yet this case remains unresolved.  The consequences are severe for this young farmer. He was deprived of disaster assistance during the floods of 1993, and is not eligible for Federal crop insurance. So the Government is depriving this farmer of benefits, even though a final resolution of his case has not been decided, and apparently this young man, then, is presumed guilty under these other Federal programs, until he proves himself innocent.  This type of overreaching by the bureaucracy must stop. S. 343 will force agencies to more carefully promulgate regulations, paying attention to the costs and benefits of their actions. Maybe this example will help us put in perspective the need for the cost and benefit analysis that is in this legislation.  This Government regulation has tremendous costs for this young farmer that I just referred to. There is nothing wrong with a Government agency, if it is going to have a Government policy, to make sure that the costs of that policy are not greater than the benefits. Or, under this legislation, if there is a determination that the cost is still greater than the benefit, at least you ought to choose the least costly method of accomplishing our goals. So, maybe this will cause these agencies to hesitate and contemplate, before they move ahead and infringe on the rights of our citizens. Hopefully, S. 343 will force these agencies to use more common sense in the future, and avoid situations like the one experienced by the young farmer in Mahaska County.  If the Corps of Engineers, if the Fish and Wildlife Service, if the Soil Conservation Service, and if the Iowa Department of Natural Resources want to show that they are concerned about the impact their regulations have, if they want to show the public that Government works, if they want to show the public that Government is good, if they want to show the public that Government is responsible, if they want to show the public that Government is cost effective, if they want to show the people that Government is humane, it is very easy to do. Just help this young farmer in Mahaska County, IA, to get a resolution to his problem.  Do you know what we think? We think the reason he is not getting his appeals decided is because he is right and the Government is wrong and they do not want to issue an OK to this guy, that he was deprived of something, because it would set a precedent.  A politician who does not admit he is wrong is destined to a rude awakening someday. And regulators that fails to admit they are wrong are subject to a rude awakening someday as well.  I hope that we have an opportunity through this legislation to give justice to our young farmers of America and justice to all young Americans.  