  Before I speak to the point that the Senator from Arizona brought up about the national swine center, I want to compliment everyone who worked on this rescissions bill which rescinds $16 billion of expenditures, moving us more quickly to a balanced budget than waiting until the beginning of fiscal year 1996 which starts October 1 of this year.  This gives us a 6-month head start on the efforts toward balancing the budget. Everybody, Republican and Democrat, involved in this process to bring forth this sort of change in the expenditures for our present fiscal year is to be complimented and to be considered fiscally responsible. I applaud them for that.  At the same time, I think it is irresponsible for the President to take the position he has when there was so much of an effort in the Senate to accommodate the White House in the first instance of the passage of this legislation.  I hope the President will change his mind, sign the bill and help move us on to a balanced budget much quicker than would otherwise happen.  My good friend from Arizona has raised a lot of issues, on this bill and on other bills, that raise the question about the wise expenditure of public moneys. I compliment him for doing that. He is a responsible watchdog of the taxpayers' money. There are not enough of those in this town.  One of the issues that he raised previously was on the National Swine Research Center located at Iowa State University, one of the major universities in my State. I want to speak to that point, because I think he raised some legitimate questions about it.  The first question raised was whether or not it was a conferenceable item--was it in one of the bills before it went to conference or was it amended in conference?  It was a conferenceable item. Under the rules of the House and Senate conference, it was something that could have legitimately been dealt with in the conference. It was not something that was added after the fact by the conferees in an effort to sneak something through.  The next question that was legitimately raised was why a swine research center and why at Iowa State University?  I suppose the latter one is the easiest to answer. It is there because our State is the leading pork producing State in the Nation. And some of the best scientists in animal husbandry are there, some of the best researchers. So you put a facility where outstanding people are located to do the research when you have a national goal to do research in a particular area.  The whole issue of swine research, the whole issue of agricultural research, is not questioned any more as a good public policy of our Government. It is something that has been promoted by the Federal Government going back to 1862. More specifically, in this century, a lot of legislation was passed that has the Federal Government, through the Agriculture Research Service, very much involved in agricultural research; not to benefit just the farmers, but to make sure that there is an adequate supply of food and high-quality food available for consumers.  Why do we have a National Swine Research Center? Well, there was careful consideration given to the formation of this. A long time ago, a national peer panel recommended the establishment of a Swine Research Center. They did it because the needed research was not being conducted in any other State or Federal laboratory nationwide. This peer review panel made very definite that this program of research not be duplicative and they made a determination it would not be duplicative. They did that through defining the mission, the mission of the research center. That mission is to develop technology to ensure that the U.S. pork industry operates as an environmentally sound and efficient animal production system.  In that particular statement from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, we ought to put emphasis upon environmentally sound as a lead purpose of the swine research center in Iowa as opposed to the other swine research centers that the Senator from Arizona mentioned in the question about why, when you have some, do you need others. We need a national swine research center because we have not had adequate research in that area and we need it.  The emphasis, of course, is on the environmental aspects. But also like other research centers, the environmental research and determinations have something to do with the efficiency of the animal production system.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture, through their directives on this particular National Swine Research Center, says that it will help maintain and increase the competitiveness and efficiency of U.S. pork production and marketing. These are national goals, as well. Agriculture is one of those areas of production in America where we are most efficient and where we are without a doubt competitive with any other country in the world.  The exports of our agriculture products give us a very positive, favorable trade balance in agriculture. Without that positive favorable balance in agriculture and in food products we would have yet a bigger deficit in our overall trade. So, a research center that is going to continue to keep us competitive has a very good overall economic benefit to our entire Nation, as we try to keep our trade deficit down.  Now this compromise before us allows the laboratory of the national swine center to be built at a cost of $12,678,000 by the Agriculture Research Service.  Mr. President, we have appropriated these funds in other fiscal years for this project, in fiscal year 1992, $1.8 million; fiscal year 1993, $1.5 million; fiscal year 1994, $4.5 million; and fiscal year 1995, $6.2 million.  Twelve million dollars completes the project. I am sure that the Senator from Arizona would not suggest that we should throw the work already done down the drain by not completing this project.  Now, the legitimate question is asked by the Senator from Arizona about why is this project given to Iowa State University. [[Page S7379]]   The pork industry of the United States of America, probably the researchers involved, and Iowa State University, would rather not have this given to Iowa State University. Traditionally, this would continue to be a Federal facility with the operation costs paid, because it is a national research center in cooperation with the U.S. Department of Agriculture, fulfilling a national service.  A lot of those operational costs over the ensuing years would be paid for by the Federal taxpayers. But, it is one of the compromises, in order to go ahead and get this facility finished, that Iowa State University would assume the operational costs of the laboratory and any additional construction costs above that figure. The Agricultural Research Service, then, would turn the completed structure over to Iowa State University.  Where continually there would be an ongoing cost every year for decades into the future for the operation of this, the answer to the Senator from Arizona is it was given to Iowa State University so that the Federal taxpayers would not be saddled with the operation of it into the future.  Iowa State University, the National Pork Producers and even the Agriculture Research Service will work to make sure that there is no duplication of research other places, that there are efficiencies made elsewhere at the other facilities for swine research, and to make sure that we consolidate Federal swine research activities so there is no duplication.  This was a demand from the chairman, particularly on the House side, for us to meet, to satisfy the leaders on the other side of the Hill that this would not be an ongoing cost and this would be the end of it if they completed it. This was all a general agreement to get this activity completed. So it is completed.  I hope that I have satisfied the Senator from Arizona--without trying to discourage him from asking legitimate questions, which he has--that the completion of this is necessary so that the $12 million is not wasted and, in addition, that this will not be an ongoing cost to the taxpayers of the Federal Government. That it was only given in ownership to Iowa State University, not just because the Federal Government just gives away things willy-nilly, but because Iowa State University is accepting the cost of the operation not for only the short term but long term.  I hope that my colleagues see that as a good deal for the taxpayers, a good deal for agricultural research, a good deal for the pork industry, a good deal for our balance of trade, a good deal to assure an adequate supply of quality food to the consumers of America. All of these are good public policy; all of these have been followed in a lot of areas of agricultural research in the past, maybe even a lot of research generally that our National Government conducts.  So I ask my colleagues to consider these points of view and let this facility be completed once and for all.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  