 President, I am pleased--very pleased---that we are finally debating a very important issue: The issue of welfare reform. I am happy for two reasons.  No. 1, I think if there is any issue I heard over a long, long period of time the constituents have asked us to do something about, it is the issue of welfare reform, and also from the standpoint of those who are on welfare, to give them a better opportunity and a better environment to move from welfare to work and to move from Government dependency to being independent.  We all know that the President needs credit for highlighting this issue. I suppose maybe every President has had welfare reform to some extent in his platform. But this President in 1992 made it a very important issue, because he said, ``We are going to end welfare as we know it.'' Probably it is his ability to use words, to use them well that brought attention to this issue that maybe other Presidents before were intending to bring as an issue and could not. There was also the necessity of a Democratic President to highlight it, because you remember in that 1992 campaign, he was going to run as a new Democrat, not the typical tax-and-spend Democrat. We were going to have a whole new Democratic Party approach to Government.  So the President was elected, and I suppose the American people found out he was not a new Democrat, more the typical type of Democrat. Maybe that is why it took another election in 1994 to show the President's inaction and to question whether or not he was really serious about dramatic change of welfare.  The people demonstrated in 1994 that they wanted change, and they have not seen it from the Democratic President and the Democratic Congress on the issue of welfare reform.  So the American people have now placed their confidence in our party and given us an opportunity, as well as a responsibility, to change the system, to end welfare as we know it, as the President said he wanted to change it.  So we have taken the people's challenge expressed in the last election, and we Republicans bring this bill to the floor.  As our good friend, Senator Moynihan, discussed this morning, in 1988, we passed welfare reform with 96 votes, one person opposing.  Unfortunately, I believe that it failed our hopes and expectations. I know there are a lot of people in this body who would disagree with that point, and I would be happy to speak at great lengths as to why I feel it has not met our hopes and expectations. In doing that, I do not in any way express resentment toward those who feel it has been very successful. It is probably a difference of opinion of what was supposed to be accomplished by that bill.  But one of the ways I measure it is that we have more people on welfare today than we did then. I do feel that one positive thing that did come out of the 1988 Family Support Act was the movement toward more experimentation at the State level, which I think the Republican bill today is a fulfillment of the ultimate goal that has been expressed here for a decade.  Under the 1988 bill, the States took the initiative to try new ideas in welfare reform. It was 20 years since the States had that sort of an encouragement, or if they had the encouragement, a willingness to do it. In spite of the need to come, as they must, hat in hand on bended knee, for permission from the Federal Government, the States still tried new ideas. That spirited example of the States is what spurred some of us toward giving States maximum flexibility in addressing the crisis in our current welfare system, as we do through the Dole-Packwood legislation.  Last year, Senator Kohl of Wisconsin and I introduced a bill to give States a block grant for the AFDC JOBS Program and for the AFDC Food Stamp program. We introduced that bill back then because we believed the States had shown the initiative to reform the current welfare system. Leaders in States like Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, and some might be surprised that Eastern seaboard States like New Jersey and Massachusetts, where generally you think there is a more liberal political philosophy, all of these States were coming up with the best ideas to change the system and to move people from welfare to work. I think the State of Iowa has demonstrated the great benefits of a system designed with the citizens in mind.  Two years ago, my State legislature proposed a bill to totally revamp the welfare system. State leaders, after it was passed, came to the Federal level, HHS, to receive the waiver necessary to implement their ideas. Yes, the State of Iowa wanted to very dramatically reform welfare, move people from welfare to work, and save the taxpayers money.  They could not do that on their own. They could only do that within the Federal law, and then they had to come, as I said, on bended knee to the officials at HHS to get permission to do what I think everybody recognizes is working so very well, not only in the State of Iowa, but in several other States.  To the President's credit, he has granted these waivers more expeditiously in late months than in early months, and he has granted waivers to several States--I do not know whether every State, but I think well over 20 States have requested waivers.  But why, when dealing with a subject like welfare reform, should States that want to move people from welfare to work and, hopefully, in the process, save the taxpayers money, have to get the permission of some lowly bureaucrat at HHS? We even had to make some modifications to satisfy the Federal bureaucracy. It took several months to get the waiver approved. But my State of Iowa began the implementation of its program in October 1993. In the last 2 years, the number of AFDC-employed recipients has increased from 18 percent of all welfare recipients to 34 percent--I believe now the highest of any of the States--as a percentage of welfare recipients who are working.  I think this dramatic increase shows the ingenuity of people at the State level. Specifically, in my State--but not to any greater degree than other States--you hear about them trying to do these things, to move people from welfare to work. I think it also shows the importance, though, of providing much greater flexibility for State leaders, so more of this reform of welfare can be accomplished where people seem to be willing to accomplish it. Because, you see, we passed legislation in 1988, but here it is, 7 years later, and we are just now talking about welfare reform. In the meantime, there are 3.2 million people on welfare.  It was the creative approach of State leaders like Governor Branstad and Director of Human Services Chuck Palmer that allowed for such a dramatic increase in the number of people working. It was not here in Washington. We did not get any encouragement out of Washington. It was almost like fighting the bureaucracy to do this very modest reform. They had to negotiate changes in our claim to get the permission to do that.  Now, that is micromangement from the Federal level. It is the type of micromangement that this Republican bill will eliminate, so that the people of our 50 States, through their own State legislatures, can prescribe their own welfare system if they want to meet their own unique ways and needs, moving people from welfare to work, moving people from dependency to independence.  I think it is impossible, Mr. President, with a country that is geographically as vast as our country, a population that is so heterogeneous, for us to pour one mold in Washington, DC, and say you have to take care of your welfare people in New York City the same way you do in Des Moines, IA. No, because of the differences of our people, because of the geographical vastness of it, I think it dictates that we not try to do this from Washington, DC, not only from the standpoint of saving the taxpayers' money, but also from the point of building on the ingenuity of our local people, closer to the grassroots.  So the whole idea behind the proposal that I spoke about just recently of Senator Kohl and mine, which we introduced last year, and also, I think, the bill before us--although, quite frankly, the bill goes much further than anything that was anticipated by any political party in either House a year ago--that says something, that the people at the grassroots are making changes faster than we are willing to make them.  The bill before us, as well as the one Senator Kohl and I introduced last year, is to block grant these programs to the States so that the States can change the system in ways that fit the culture of that individual State.  In the leadership bill, we remove the need for permission from the Feds before States can experiment to help the people of their State.  It is amazing to me when I hear that if we give authority back to the States that children will be left starving in the streets. Somehow, many have brought into this debate the idea that we, at the Federal level, know best and that we are the only ones who can fix a social problem.  Frankly, I think it is very arrogant to assume that only Federal leaders are compassionate toward the needs of those less fortunate in our society. It is a way of saying that we in the Congress have more compassion toward the needs of the people than our State legislators do. I say that for each of our 50 State legislators that I do not think that that is an accurate assumption.  Clearly, it is not the basis for this legislation, because this legislation gives so much flexibility. If there is going to be compassion, and there will be, it will be demonstrated at the State legislatures. I can say that there is compassion--probably more so--in the State plan of the State of Iowa than anything we have had on the books for the last 40 years in Iowa.  Clearly, as I have pointed out, States have already demonstrated their ability to creatively manage welfare programs. Unfortunately, in 40 years of Federal control, all we have seen is the ongoing destruction of the historic and traditional American family under the programs that we have had at the Federal level.  If we as Republicans and Democrats agree on anything, it is that the current system must be changed. It must be changed dramatically.  Now, in this body of 100 people, 46 Democrats and 54 Republicans, there still may be a legitimate debate about whether the welfare state is worthy of our time and consideration and an instrument for delivering public policy. There is no disagreement that the welfare system within the welfare state is broken and needs to be fixed.  The statement of the President of the United States in both State of the Union Messages and in his own campaign rhetoric as a Democratic leader demonstrates that better than anything a Republican can demonstrate.  The way, then, to make the necessary change is to give the authority back to the ones who have been coming up with the most innovative ideas in recent years, the ones who have demonstrated that they are worthy of our trust--the people at the State and local level. I believe that States will live up to that trust. They will meet the needs of the less fortunate in ways that are compassionate and as caring as anything we can do, and yet require and enable people toward independence.  This is the American way. It says that we, as a society, now more so under the State legislatures than under the Federal Congress, if you have a need, we are going to extend a helping hand if you need it. We will help you over a period of trial and tribulation in your life. We are not going to help you forever if you have the capability of helping yourself.  We hope that when you move from welfare to work, when you have been helped over the hump, that you then will be in a position to give back to the community by helping others as they have helped you.  I think the leadership bill meets three of four chief goals that I want to accomplish in legislation: To provide for a system that meets the short-terms needs of low-income members as they prepare for independence; next, to provide for much greater State flexibility; next, to prevent the incidence of out-of-wedlock births; finally, to save the taxpayers some of their hard-earned money.  The leadership bill provides for a block grant for the AFDC Program to the States so they can meet the needs of low-income Americans in the most community-oriented, cost-efficient manner. That is good. It also gives the States greater flexibility in designing their programs to meet the needs of their individual citizens. It also saves the taxpayers some of their hard-earned money.  The one goal that I had that still needs some work is the issue of reducing out-of-wedlock births. The House bill set a clear goal for the States of reducing the number of out-of-wedlock births. In my judgment, however, the House bill goes too far in telling the States how they had to reach this goal.  I do not support exchanging liberal prescriptiveness for conservative prescriptiveness. It is just as wrong to have conservative micromanagement in the future as we have had 40 years of liberal micromanagement of welfare programs.  The whole idea behind the leadership bill is to set clear goals for the States and to give the States the flexibility to reach the goals in ways that work best for those States. I support that approach in getting more people to work. I also support the approach of reducing out-of-wedlock births. I will promote efforts to strengthen this portion of the bill without mandating prescriptive approaches.  Mr. President, the real difference here is not between those who want strings attached or do not want strings attached in this welfare block grant, as some of the media has wanted to concentrate on a few minor differences between Republicans; the real difference here is between a philosophy that has dominated welfare reform debate for the last 40 years, and a new approach.  The old approach is micromanagement from Washington, DC, versus State flexibility. That real difference of liberal micromanagement came from Federal control that came through the welfare system being an entitlement program. There are still a lot of people, particularly on the other side of the aisle--the more liberal Democrats--who do not want to give up that Federal control and that Federal entitlement. It is that side versus those who want to give control to the States.  It is interesting to me that many Members will oppose this bill because they say it will hurt children. Yet they fail to admit that the current welfare system hurts children, as well. The research shows that children born into families receiving welfare are three times more likely to be on welfare when they reach adulthood. How, then, is the current system good for children? If we truly care about these children, we will reform the current detrimental welfare system.  What about the children, then, who are not on welfare? We have equal responsibility for all children. What about them? Are we concerned about these children?  With our current budget debt of almost $4.9 trillion, each man, woman, and child owes $18,000 toward that debt. A newborn babe right this minute owes $18,000. If we do not reverse the deficit crisis, our children will pay 80 percent of their lifetime earnings in taxes.  What do we do about these children? Are we concerned about them? It is appropriate for us to be concerned for the children of low-income members. Frankly, I think we should be concerned for all the children of America. That means that we have to reduce the deficit while we change the welfare system to free those currently trapped in governmental dependence.  If we take steps to move people from welfare to work, if we give more flexibility to the States, and if we reduce illegitimacy, we will, in the long run, save the taxpayers money. This will be the natural result of positive changes to the current system.  