 President, it is very hard to argue with the fairness and the justice embodied in Section 505 of the bill. Under Section 505, the retirement of three-star and four-star officers will be considered under the same standards and under the same procedures as the retirement of one-star and two-star generals. In fact, the retirement of all officers above the rank of major or lieutenant commander will be handled in the same way.  Under the new law, then, assuming this bill is enacted, once these officers have served 3 years in grade, they would be allowed to retire with their highest grade without Senate confirmation. I cannot argue with that, and it seems to me that that is the right way to do it. But in investigating this, I came up with this concern that I hope my colleagues feel is legitimate.  Under the law, the Secretary of Defense and service secretaries will still have broad discretionary authority to waive time in grade requirements. That is a potential loophole, as far as I am concerned. Hence my amendment.  I would like to offer a hypothetical scenario. Say a three-star general, with only a few months in grade, gets caught violating a regulation or law. The IG is called in to investigate. The IG finds that the general has violated the law and lied about it to his investigators. The IG then recommends disciplinary action. The service secretaries reject the IG's recommendation, as is too often the case. The secretaries choose, instead, to waive time in grade requirements, allowing the officer to retire with full rank, as a three-star general. This would end the controversy, but it would give the officer an unearned promotion.  Mr. President, once we do away with the confirmation of three-star and four-star retirements, this scenario might be more than hypothetical. It might be very real.  My amendment, then, is meant to plug that loophole. Under my amendment, time in grade requirements could not be waived if an officer were under investigation for an alleged misconduct or if adverse personnel action was pending.  Mr. President, this would address the concerns that we have --meaning Senator Murray and Senator Boxer and myself--arising out of the controversial retirement nominations we wrestled with last year and, hence, our letter to the Armed Services Committee in May of this year.  Mr. President, with that one minor modification that will be in my amendment, I would support Section 505. We will still have ample opportunity to scrutinize the performance and conduct of our most senior military officers through the regular confirmation process.  All three-star and four-star active duty promotions and assignments will still be subject to Senate confirmation.  Mr. President, I send an amendment to the desk and ask for its immediate consideration.  