 President, I want to welcome President Clinton to the effort to deal with international organized crime. In his recent speech to the United Nations, he noted the rising influence of these groups worldwide and the cost they exact from all nations, costs that are borne most heavily by their unfortunate victims. In his remarks he called for greater international efforts to fight criminal organizations. In sounding this theme he is picking up on something that Congress urged the administration to pursue over a year ago in a Senate resolution to the 1994 crime bill.  Whether it is trafficking in drugs or people. Whether through extortion, murder, and corruption. Whether it is the threat of trafficking in chemical, biological, or nuclear agents. Or whether it is massive fraud aimed at banks, businesses, and governments, organized criminal groups exact billions of dollars in damage. And the human costs are even greater. The drug-blasted lives, the fear, the distortion of economics, and the erosion of decent government in many parts of the world are the product of criminal gangs that have fastened onto social life like leeches. These facts have lead a number of governments to declare criminal organizations to be national security threats. As the crises in Italy and Colombia, the challenges to democracy in Russia, and brazenness of Mexican Mafias show, no country, developed or developing is immune to the cancer of criminal actions.  And these groups are developing a global reach. They have become multinational thug empires that will stop at nothing to turn an illegal profit. No single government is able to deal with these groups singlehandedly, not even the United States. That is why the Congress has held numerous hearings in the past several years on the threat from these groups and has called upon the administration to take the problem seriously. If we are going to respond to these groups and to their corruption of decent life, we must develop the range of responses that can put these people out of business and in jail.  In this regard, we need the intelligence capabilities to target key groups and their leaders. We need to help other countries strengthen their legal frameworks and their police capabilities to combat transnational criminal groups. We need to tighten up our financial control capabilities to prevent these groups from abusing our financial and banking systems. And we need international awareness and a common effort to bring these thugs to justice. That is why the Congress enjoined the administration last year to pursue an international convention that would deny these groups safe havens and the benefits of their plunder.  President Clinton has indicated he believes we face a serious challenge. If he intends to translate his rhetoric into deeds, then he will find support in Congress for his efforts. I hope that we shall see serious proposals from the President that will move us down the path of meaningful and sustained action.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  