 President, the amendment that has been offered by the other side of the aisle is a statement that the Members on the other side of the aisle have lost their nerve. They have lost their nerve to really do something big about Medicare before it is too late.  We all know from the President's own people that Medicare will be bankrupt in the year 2002. This bill put forth by the majority party guarantees that Medicare will not be bankrupt by the year 2002.  The plan that is put before us addresses only the part A trust fund. We all admit that there is a crisis in part A, because it is growing at a very robust clip of 8.4 percent. But their plan does nothing to address part B. Part B is growing, as we know, at 14.5 percent, an unsustainable rate. So I think we all have to question their logic, that they raise a point about 8.4 percent being a crisis but will forget about the part of Medicare that is growing almost twice as fast, at 14.5 percent.  It is a simple fact, if we do not act now, there will not be a system around when baby boomers retire. The longer we put this off, the harder it will be to address. Just look at how difficult a time we are having to apply a stitch in time. The scare tactics being used now by the Democrats, of course, will look like Halloween compared to what we will see if we continue to put these reforms off until the years 1999, 2000, 2001. Maybe they will not even be dealing with it in the year 2002.  Then I look at the recent discussion from the other side of the aisle on the provisions dealing with what is called the BELT.  We have been fed a lot of horror stories by the other side. If I get any message from the seniors of America, it is this. They think the cost of medical care is too high and they blame us, because it is a Government program, for it being too high. They expect us to do something about the bills. They expect us to do something about the cost of Medicare. This provision only makes sure that Congress lives within its spending targets.  Ask any senior anywhere in America if they believe in a balanced budget. They will tell you that they do believe in a balanced budget.  Ask them if they think there ought to be some limits on what is spent on a Government program, health care or anyplace else, and they will say, yes, there should be.  That provision is in the bill to guarantee that costs do not exceed spending targets.  The impression was left from the debate between my colleague from Iowa and my colleague from West Virginia that this has never happened before. It did happen before. In 1987 there was a reduction of 2 percent, so do not say this is a provision that has never been applied before. It has been applied before. Do not say that this is a system Congress has no control over, because the law provides for a review by Congress. And if Congress wants to bite the bullet and take action before the President does, we can and we should and we will.  