 President, this is a battle that is mainly being fought on the Republican side. There are Republicans who are bent on pumping up the defense budget once again. There are a lot of Republicans on this side who are of the opinion that that should not be done. They may not speak as well about that issue, so I am going to do what I do quite often, oppose the efforts by my distinguished colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle, to make sure that we do not spend any more money on defense than what is in the very well-crafted compromise put together by the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, Senator Domenici.  The proposal to pump up the defense numbers makes no sense at all. I think it defies all reason and all understanding. I am baffled by their proposal; more important, baffled by the number of $92 billion, higher than anything I had heard spoken of behind the scenes over the last month that might come up at this particular time.  What they are doing is starting back on the slippery slope towards higher defense budgets that is a license for further waste and mismanagement. Not only that, but the world situation does not call for spending more money at this particular time. The Soviet threat is gone. The cold war is over. But the debate in Congress for spending more for defense is reminiscent of that era.  There has been a dramatic decrease in the primary threat to our national security as we knew it. We have rewritten our national security goals, but the budget that my colleagues want the increase for is defined in those cold war terms.  The defense budget is coming down, and it should be coming down. So why do they say that it needs to go up? Why and for what? There is no good reason. The bureaucrats at the Pentagon say that they need more money, and they say they need it right now. That is the reason. That happens to be the only reason.  Once again I wish to remind my colleagues what happened on May 2, 1985. The Reagan administration was trying to continue the pumped up defense numbers that had been in existence for 3 years at that particular time. They were trying to push defense spending from around $255 billion in fiscal year 1985 to around $300 billion in fiscal year 1986, and then to $400 billion, and then to $500 billion in the years beyond.  Now, that was at the height of the cold war and the height of Soviet military power. The rise in the Soviet military power was the principal driver behind the plan to push the Pentagon budget to $500 billion by the year 1990. But on May 2, 1985, the Senate rejected this Reagan defense budget buildup even in the face of massive Soviet military power.  This measure, the fiscal year 1986 budget resolution, put a brake on that, effectively ending the planned growth of the Pentagon budget. If we rejected a defense budget buildup to those numbers in 1985 when we were confronted with a serious military threat, why would we now move to pump up the budget when that threat has literally evaporated? Why would we do that?  As we learned back in the 1980's, higher defense budgets only bring higher costs, more overhead, and more waste, as long as the Department of Defense management leadership remains AWOL. More money for defense when the threat to our national security has decreased dramatically cannot be justified. The numbers before us in this amendment then cannot be justified.  May I have 2 more minutes?  