 President, regardless of which side you may be on in this debate, I think we can all agree on one thing. And that one thing we can all agree on is the lack of leadership this administration has displayed in this crisis. This administration under President Clinton has zigged and zagged and flipped and flopped more than a lost rabbit in an Iowa corn field.  This administration has huffed and puffed and bluffed it's way through this crisis for over 2 years now. I would agree that the prior Bush administration also made mistakes. But, those mistakes have been increased and expanded under a Clinton foreign policy that no one understands or respects. And, that includes our allies.  The only entity that has less respect is probably the United Nations. And who do we turn the responsibility over to? Of course, the Clinton administration has allowed the United Nations to define and control our policy.  Just a few examples of the multilateral ineptitude that's taken place including the following:  In November 1993, a Sarajevo schoolyard was shelled, killing 4 children and wounding 40. The Clinton administration responded by saying ``We're not going to allow that city to be strangled, to be cut off, to be relentlessly attacked.'' What action was taken? None.  In May 1995, 200 U.N. peacekeepers were taken hostage and used as human shields against air strikes. We heard all kinds of protests and threats from the Clinton administration to the NATO Secretary General. What action was taken? None.  One of our planes was shot down recently thanks to the fact that the administration had neglected to provide missile jamming devices to our planes. And the pilot was hunted like an animal. Thankfully, the pilot was rescued. What action did we take against the aggressors? None.  Mr. President, in stark contrast, we see the leadership of Majority Leader Dole. Senate Dole has consistently moved forward with efforts to allow the Bosnian Government to exercise its inherent right to defend itself. Against many odds last year, including a hostile Clinton administration, and an uncooperative Congress, Senator Dole forged ahead and made his case. Today, his case, which is the case for justice to the Bosnian Government, will finally win the day.  Of course, it may only be for a day or so, since the Clinton administration is adamant about continuing its incompetent course of disaster, by threatening to veto a unilateral lifting of the embargo. This of course, is another sad commentary on the administration's failed policy.  Mr. President, it is way beyond the time to finally act. And veto threats, notwithstanding, I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and support the Dole substitute amendment.  