 President, I sympathize with the amendment offered by Senator Reid. But, for several reasons, I am not going to support it.  Mr. President, I do not believe that the benefits of current Social Security retirees are threatened by this amendment. For several very good reasons, those benefits will be protected as we begin to move toward a balanced budget.  It is important to remember that a balanced budget amendment will have to be implemented by enabling legislation which specifies what spending reductions and revenue increases are to be made.  In developing such enabling legislation Social Security is certain to fare well. This is true for several reasons. The Social Security Program has always enjoyed strong support in the Congress. The political power of increasing numbers of older people dependent on Social Security will certainly help to protect the program.  It is also important to remember that the Social Security system is currently running large surpluses. I believe that the income to the retirement fund from the FICA taxes will exceed the amount needed to pay beneficiaries this year by around $69 billion. So the Social Security Retirement Program is not part of our deficit problem.  Several existing statutory provisions also protect the Social Security Program. They establish a firewall around the program. They do so in the following ways:  Any legislation which worsens the actuarial balance of the Social Security trust funds is subject to a point of order requiring a three-fifths vote of the Senate to waive.  Section 310(g) of the Budget Control and Impoundment Act stipulates that a point of order, requiring 60 votes to override, may be brought against any provision in a budget reconciliation bill pertaining to the Old Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance Program established under title II of the Social Security Act.  This provision of the Budget Act makes it very difficult to alter the benefit and tax structure of the Social Security Program. Essentially, it requires 60 votes, rather than a simple majority, to pass changes in the Social Security Act program through reconciliation legislation.  Finally, the leadership of the House of Representatives and of the Senate has promised not to touch the Social Security Retirement Program for at least 5 years.  Mr. President, I said that I did not believe that Social Security would be the target of deficit reduction efforts and I said also that I do think that that is necessary.  In the long run, however, the Social Security Retirement Program faces a major imbalance between its own income and expenditures. And in the long run, therefore, there will have to be changes made in Social Security. I think everyone understands that. A number of Senators who have spoken in this debate in favor of the amendment to take Social Security out of the balanced budget amendment have acknowledged this point.  The most recent reports of the board of trustees of the Social Security trust funds, released in April 1994, concluded that the trust fund faces longer range funding problems.  The trustees predicted that the disability part of the system would become insolvent in 1995. They expected the buildup in the retirement part of the system to peak in the year 2020, and then be drawn down as the number of baby boomers drawing Social Security retirement increases rapidly after they begin to retire in the year 2010. The trustees estimated that the retirement fund would be exhausted by the year 2036.  Legislation enacted late last year will keep the disability trust fund solvent until the year 2015. With the enactment of that legislation, the retirement fund begins to spend out more than it takes in in approximately 2013. According to recent estimates, that retirement fund will be completely exhausted in approximately 2030.  Mr. President, I do not believe that excluding Social Security from the balanced budget amendment is going to protect the program from very difficult decisions in this longer range future I am describing.  After 2030, the non-Social Security operating accounts of the Federal Government could be in perfect balance. They would be required to be in balance by the balanced budget amendment.  But the Social Security deficit after 2030 could grow to huge proportions as the gap increases between the income to the trust funds from the FICA taxes, and the benefits paid out to beneficiaries.  If those Social Security trust funds themselves face a large Social Security deficit, how are we going to pay the benefits due to the baby boomers and the generation X'ers who follow them?  We are not going to pay those benefits from the trust fund surpluses shown on the books of the Social Security Administration. A number of Senators have already noted that, given that we have been running a large deficit for some years, the Social Security  [[Page S2586]]  surpluses have already been spent on the operating expenses of the Federal Government. The trust fund balances will continue to be spent for other Federal activities as long as we are running a deficit in the operating accounts of the Federal Government. This happens whether or not Social Security is an independent agency. It happens whether or not Social Security is displayed on-budget or off budget. It will happen even were we to accept this amendment to take Social Security out of the balanced budget amendment.  This happens because the balances in the Social Security trust funds are held in the form of Treasury securities--loans to the Treasury in return for which the Treasury essentially issues IOU's to the Social Security Program. When the time comes for the Social Security Administration to redeem those IOU's, the Treasury will have to find the money to pay them.  Achieving a balanced budget at some point in the future will help reduce this drain on the Social Security trust funds. But by the time we have arrived at that point we will already have spent on other Federal activities tens of billions of dollars from the Social Security funds. Those funds are not going to be there when the Social Security Administration goes to the Treasury to make good on the IOU's it holds.  Thus, when that time comes after the baby boomers begin to retire, we will face some difficult choices. We will have to substantially raise Social Security taxes. Or we will have to float massive new debt. Or we will have to cut back on benefits.  Mr. President, I am confident that the Congress will act to guarantee that the Social Security promise will be there for future generations. I am not able to say exactly how we will do that. But I remember back to the early 1980's when we had to form the National Commission on Social Security reform to figure out how to save the system from bankruptcy. We saved the system then, and we will do whatever we have to do in the future to guarantee the integrity of the system.  When that time comes, I do not believe that having Social Security out of the balanced budget amendment will shield us from the need to do one, or some combination, or those things--raise payroll taxes, float more debt, or reduce benefits--in order to maintain the integrity of the Social Security Program.  Mr. President, it is obvious that we cannot wait until the year 2030 until we begin to make changes in the Social Security Retirement Program. The baby boomers begin to retire in the year 2010. Once they have entered retirement, it will be difficult to make the chances that will be required. It will be difficult both because it would be unfair to change the terms of retirement for people already retired, even though the last Congress did just that when it raised the percentage of Social Security benefit subject to the personal income tax for retirees above a certain income level. And it will be difficult because the big baby boom generation will resist changes in the program.  So, Mr. President, certainly not later than 10 years from now the country, and the Congress, is going to have to face the pressing need to make changes in the retirement program that will go into effect not later than the year the baby boomers begin to retire. That is not a long time in the development of public policy.  Mr. President, it is important to remember that large Federal deficits threaten the Social Security Program. In fact, I do not think it is an exaggeration to say that they are the main threat to the current, and especially the future, Social Security Program. Social Security benefits to retirees re drawn from the wealth of the society into which they retire. Current and future economic health and prosperity are thus the first line of defense for the current and future Social Security Program.  Most economists believe that growing deficits result in lower productivity and lower living standards. As real wages decline because of large Federal deficits, there will be increasing resistance to paying the taxes necessary to support the Social Security system. Growing deficits also contribute to high interest rates and growing Federal interest payments for Federal debt. Such interest payments can crowd out other spending, including spending for Social Security. Currently, interest payments on the Federal debt are around $300 billion per year.  It is very important that we begin to get a grip on our deficit spending habits and I think that passage of this balanced budget amendment is the best way to do it.  I want to make one other point, Mr. President. And that is that we must remember that we are considering an amendment to the Constitution of the United States. As a former member of the Constitution Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, I had ample opportunity to reflect on the Constitution. That document establishes the basic structure of American Government. It does so with just a few thousand words. Those words outline fundamental principles of our governmental system. They outline fundamental relationships between the branches of Government.  Surely it is inappropriate to include mention of any statute, even a statute as important as the Social Security Act, in a document such as the Constitution.  This is not a precedent we should establish. Once we have added mention of the Social Security Act, what other statutes will future Congresses be tempted to add--statutes which provide veterans benefits? Statutes which provide medical care to the elderly?  We should remember that a constitutional amendment should provide general guidance on basic principles or concepts.  