 President, I want to support House Joint Resolution 1. The significance of the No. 1 is very important. If Members go out and talk to people at the grassroots, they think, to have a balanced budget, there is a need for a constitutional amendment. They think this amendment is the first order of business of any Congress. I think the last election said that it ought to be the first order for this Congress. It is very simple, particularly for middle-class people in America, and the small entrepreneurs and to the farmers of America, that Federal spending must be controlled, the deficit eliminated, and the national debt brought down.  There are very important economic reasons to balance the budget, but more essentially, there are moral reasons to balance the budget. The moral issues, in fact, now, are more important than the economic reasons. Early on, I think we could justify the amendment on economic reasons, but now the immorality of our generation living high on the hog and leaving the bill to our children and grandchildren to pay makes it much less an economic issue. We are borrowing the future of our children and grandchildren through the bad fiscal policies. We must end this practice.  Because every other means has failed to produce a balanced budget, we must enact an amendment to the Constitution. Every other means has failed. Gramm-Rudman I and II. I even remember when I was a Member of the House of Representatives, I worked very closely with another person by the name of Byrd, Harry Byrd, who was a Member of this body, a Senator from the State of Virginia. He was very much a fiscal conservative. He thought, just pass a law that would say that Congress cannot expend more than the taxes raised.  I was in the House of Representatives at that time, and I worked very closely with former Senator Byrd of Virginia to make sure that amendment he passed in the Senate would get through the House of Representatives. I had to, in a sense, camp out in the Chamber of the House of Representatives for about a 2-week period of time to be there from gavel to gavel. I knew that the leadership of that body would want to avoid the membership being forced to vote upon the Byrd amendment when it came over to that body.  Finally, when they knew I was going to stay in the Chamber of the House and force a vote on a motion to instruct, they let it come to a vote, and it was overwhelmingly adopted. So in 1978--maybe it was 1979--we had a law on the books saying that Congress could not spend more than it took in.  But did it do any good? No. The theory is one Congress cannot bind a succeeding Congress, and I suppose that is good constitutional law. So when we passed the succeeding budget that was out of balance, it was then read as overriding the Byrd-Grassley amendment.  So after that and after Gramm-Rudman 1 and 2, we still did not have a balanced budget. Then there were several attempts on my part to merely freeze the budget across the board, and I was joined in that effort, let me say, by my good friend, Senator Biden of Delaware, and Senator Kassebaum. The freeze in and of itself would not have brought about a balanced budget in the first year, but in 2\1/2\ years we would have had a balanced budget. But we could not get a majority for that. After all those efforts, I have become a supporter and advocate for a constitutional amendment to require a balanced budget.  More so than what I have said is my rationale for the constitutional amendment is the fact that in my own State of Iowa we have a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget, and I have seen our State legislatures faithfully abide by that, whether controlled by Democrats or controlled by Republicans. I think it works. So we must enact an amendment to the Constitution because nothing else has or nothing else will work. Irresponsible debt threatens our future, not just the future of the young people that are our future but the very form of our society and the freedom, both political and economic, that is an integral part of our society.  I think the reason we look at it the way we should, as a moral issue, is because it threatens our children's future. Our deficits have not occurred because Congress has not taxed the American people sufficiently. Rather, these deficits have developed because of runaway spending. And all you have to do is look at efforts to increase taxes to reduce the deficit--and we have had four or five of those in the period of time I have been in this body--and the deficit does not get smaller. It is still yet larger.  The reason for that is because the Government not only spends every dollar that comes in in taxes, but it borrows another 50 cents almost to spend in conjunction with it. So in fact I think lower taxes, less income, is one less dollar to have an excuse to borrow another 50 cents against to ratchet up spending and ratchet up the deficit.  Washington has not only been irresponsible, but I think this process of our fiscal irresponsibility fosters the wrong values in our society. Spending is increased, and the results of the spending have not been to accomplish what was promised. Programs which have a philosophy that all you have to do is tax and appropriate money and you are going to solve a social problem just have not worked.  We have to stop the immoral behavior of passing along increased debt to our children and future generations and get out of this time warp that we are in that somehow money spent through the Federal budget or the creation of some new program is going to solve our problems.  A balanced budget amendment fits appropriately within the design of the original document because, as the preamble says, the Constitution was adopted by,       We the people of the United States, in order to form a more      perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic      tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the      general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to      ourselves and our posterity.  ``Posterity'' is a word that we do not hear much anymore. We run our Government as if the only relevant considerations are what are in today's newspapers, what we do today. We, in elective office, tend to be more concerned about the next election just 2 years away than about the next generation. We consider the consequences of our acts in short timeframes. Rarely do we take account of the effects that our actions will have on posterity's ability to enjoy the blessings of liberty in the way that my generation has and the way that the preamble presumes that our future generations should be able to enjoy the blessings of liberty.  Among the blessings of liberty that our constitutional system has maintained is a standard of living that rises with each generation. Keys to this enhanced economy have been productivity, growth, and investment. In recent years, productivity, investment and savings rates have declined with the concomitant negative impact upon the economy.  The 26-year continuous string of unbalanced budgets has contributed to these poor economic results. I do not think it coincidental that the stagnation of average wages over the last 20 years has been accompanied by high budget deficits by our Government.  Moreover, economic growth in the last 26 years of counting deficits has fallen short of the prior 26 years. Budget deficits have been run up to fund current consumption. The effects of these deficits are already negatively affecting the budget. When we last balanced the budget--and that was in 1969--9 cents of every dollar of Federal spending went to payment of interest on the national debt.  Now, however, 26 cents of every dollar goes toward paying the interest on the national debt. We receive nothing for making these payments, but we will force future generations to pay an even greater proportion of the budget as interest unless we act to pass this constitutional amendment, because all the other acts in good faith that this body has taken have not produced the desired results of a balanced budget.  Moreover, we will have to tax future generations at incredibly high rates just to pay the interest on the national debt if nothing is done. The figures for that problem that lies ahead for future generations vary depending on the assumptions made.  Future generations will pay the vast majority of their lifetime earnings in Federal taxes. Various assumptions bring up various percentages of two-thirds or three-quarters or even 93 percent that future generations might have to pay in taxes just to pay interest on the national debt.  So it is unacceptable that we live high on the hog by masking the true costs of the programs while leaving future generations to pay the cost, meaning the principal plus the interest.  That was not done to us by our grandparents or parents or great grandparents or any of the 11 generations that we have had. It seems to me because it was not done to us, we have even more of a responsibility to make sure we treat future generations with the same respect that past generations have shown us.  I am concerned that some people think that the deficit and the national debt are issues of declining importance. While it is true that the deficit will fall this year, we cannot afford to declare victory and stop worrying about the deficit. The deficit will rise in the near future by the administration's own estimates.  Moreover, I believe that the administration's interest rate forecasts have been too low. Higher interest rates will only increase the portion of the budget spent on interest on the debt. Moreover, deficits themselves increase interest rates in the long run, and higher interest rates harm renters, home buyers, farmers, and small business people--maybe everybody who borrows. But it seems to me that it particularly hurts those people who have to borrow for need or those people who have capital-intensive industries and small businesses to create their own jobs.  Deficit spending has produced other negative consequences. Last year at the hearings held on the amendment in the Judiciary Committee, the former chief actuary for Social Security testified that deficit spending has led to lax Government accounting. If the balanced budget amendment were enacted this actuary testified that Congress would finally have to start examining Government accounting. Just the simple accounting procedures by the Federal Government are way off. There is no incentive to correct the procedures as long as the Government can borrow and borrow and borrow and not have to meet a legal, constitutional requirement of a balanced budget. According to his testimony, one account at the Department of Defense has been mismanaged for 30 years. The State Department has lost account of billions of dollars worth of property. And the Comptroller General has said that some Government bills have been paid twice.  A balanced budget amendment will force us to take a tough look at Government accounting as well as Government spending. This is all to the good. Rooting out wasteful spending is the best way to make headway against the deficit.  Yes, there is wasteful spending to cut.  Cutting spending does not have to mean that people will be hurt. We have spent trillions on social programs, and the problems remain. In many instances, the programs have made the programs worse. As Ronald Reagan said, ``We fought a war on poverty--and poverty won.''  Even when a program has good ends, it is frequently mismanaged. We all know how much of the money is wasted on too many bureaucrats, regardless of how well intentioned they are or how much work must be done. It may be true that there are now fewer Federal personnel than in the past 30 years. But does anyone miss the ones no longer there? Has anyone's life suffered as these surplus employees have left and not been replaced?  I believe that the worthwhile and important programs could grow at a smaller rate, and could be just as effective, if they were critically examined and changes made. The programs that do not measure up should be eliminated. We can balance the budget this way under the proposed amendment. Cutting the Washington bureaucracy is the key.  Since the deficit itself is a significant problem, why not just cut the deficit now? Why enact a constitutional amendment to balance the budget? Because, as I hope I made clear, I see no other way. Congress has passed statutes to reduce the deficit. Congress has raised taxes supposedly to cut the deficit. But the deficit has risen. It rose after Gramm-Rudman. It rose after the 1990 budget deal. That was a Republican one.  And in a few years even by our President's own admission, and he is a Democrat, his 1993 tax bill and the budget agreement that went with it will still not keep the deficit from going up within 2 more years, and continue to go up unless we do something more.  We cannot ever eliminate the deficit if we continue on our present path.  If we are to reduce the deficit, we must put a binding obligation on Congress to balance the budget gradually until the deficit is eliminated soon after the passage of the amendment.  Those who believe we can cut the budget deficit down to zero without this amendment should offer an effective plan to accomplish the result. However I believe that they will not do it. Congress as an institution will not cut spending or reduce the deficit unless it is forced to do so. And the only force I know is through the Constitution. There is plenty of will in this body, but that will is directed toward spending, not cutting. It is toward deficits, not toward a balance of the budget.  We have heard it said that section 6 of the amendment which gives Congress the power to enforce the statute is inconsistent with the claim that statutes alone will not end the deficit. But there is no contradiction. As I have said, in 1978 I was a part of the Byrd-Grassley efforts by a statute that we got through and signed by the President to require a balanced budget. So I think I know. Many amendments are given life by provisions extending Congress the power to enforce them. This constitutional amendment gives us a basis for what was not there when the Byrd-Grassley amendment was law.  Implementing legislation is necessary to make the balanced budget amendment function fully. But the difference between statutes enacted under this amendment and Gramm-Rudman, or Byrd-Grassley is that the Constitution will demand that the new statutes be adhered to, unlike earlier legislation lacking the constitutional imperative.  Mr. President, we need to balance the budget. We can only do so if we pass a constitutional amendment. The American people are watching to see if we make this commitment. The quality of the existence of future generations is at stake. We cannot afford to fail again. We cannot afford to fail making tough decisions today to lighten the burden on our children and grandchildren. We must enact this constitutional amendment to balance the budget.  I think this is the fourth time--maybe the fifth time--since I have been in the Senate that this issue has come before us.  We have passed it at least once. It was by two votes. It was defeated once by one vote. Another time it was defeated by two or three votes, and then a couple of other times we could not get the votes to stop the filibuster. I hope this time we will be successful.  I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  