 President, I want to touch on portions of this reconciliation bill that deal very effectively with the changes in Medicare provisions that are very good nationally and provisions that are very good for rural America.  The bill will put the financial situation of the Medicare Program, particularly the part A hospital trust fund, but also part B for physician services, on a sounder, more sustainable footing. This will ensure that current and future Medicare beneficiaries in Iowa and elsewhere can continue to depend on the program.  In addition to putting the program in good shape financially so that it lasts into the future, for the baby boomers particularly, we also create a new reformed Medicare alongside this traditional Medicare Program that we have known for the last 30 years.  The Medicare reforms in the Senate bill will increase substantially the per capita payments that Medicare programs make to low-reimbursement States like my State of Iowa, and other rural States of our Nation.  This is a very important component of this Medicare reform. If we are able to retain this reform by getting it through the Senate, by getting it through conference with the House, it would be a great benefit to rural communities of my State and of the United States--all of them. The critically important issue is whether Medicare's per capita payment will be reformed. I have to emphasize that. Reform of Medicare's per capita payment is the essential element of bringing fairness and soundness to the system. The payment Medicare makes to health plans for those who enroll is the core element in the new reform program.  Currently, those per capita payments vary greatly from one part of the country to another. The per capita payments in the highest reimbursement areas are as much as 300 percent greater than the per capita payments in the low-reimbursement areas.  I would now refer my colleagues to this map. Many of the counties on this map are in darker colors. All of those with darker colors are way below the national average in per capita reimbursement for Medicare.  The red areas make up only 10 percent of the counties. Dade County, FL, counties in California, counties in the metropolitan area of the East, and metropolitan counties of the South, particularly Texas and Louisiana. Those counties in red are the highest per capita reimbursement counties in the United States. The variation from the dark, low-reimbursement counties to the high-reimbursement counties, can be as much as 300 percent from the county with the highest per capita payment to the county with the lowest.  Now, remember that this map shows per capita reimbursement. So the rating of our counties from low-reimbursement to high-reimbursement does not depend in any way upon the numbers of Medicare beneficiaries in the area. There are differences in input prices around the country, of course. But those differences cannot account for the very substantial reimbursement differences between the low-cost areas, the dark areas, versus the red areas, the very high-cost reimbursement areas.  The differences then reflect the fact that providers in those high-cost counties, high-reimbursement counties, are getting more money for each beneficiary that passes through the system. The more you go through the system, the more services allowed, the more times you see the doctor, the more times you go to the hospital, the more payment you get.  There is no rational justification for such gross payment disparities from one region to another under the present Medicare system. This bill reforms that. Furthermore, I might say, the citizens in the low-reimbursement areas pay the same payroll taxes and the same Medicare premiums and the same deductibles as their cocitizens in the higher reimbursement areas. This is a problem that we should fix and fix soon. We have gone a long way toward fixing it in this bill. And if we can retain that through the House-Senate conference, we will have very good provisions for most of the United States because most of the United States is rural.  On the traditional Medicare side, the bill does call for a spending slowdown, but it contains several provisions which I helped get in this bill which will help sustain health care services in rural America. We reinstituted the Medicare-dependent hospital program, which will provide additional reimbursement for Iowa's 30 small rural counties that are very dependent on Medicare programs and in a lot of other States as well.  We establish a critical access hospital program which will help the very smallest hospitals in rural America, including Iowa, redefine their mission, receive better reimbursement and thereby continue to provide services in their communities.  We increase next the bonus payment for physicians who work in communities where there is a physician shortage. We do that from a 10 percent to a 20 percent bonus.  Next, we included for the third time in legislation sent from the Senate to the House my legislation which would reimburse physicians' assistants and nurse practitioners at 85 percent of the physician's rate when they provide the same services. I hope and believe that the bonus payment and the physician's assistance, nurse practitioner legislation will increase the availability of primary health care services in rural America, including my State of Iowa.  Finally, we authorize a program of telemedicine grants which could be very helpful in Iowa with our developing telemedicine services. And, of course, Medicare beneficiaries may continue to participate in the traditional Medicare Program and continue to choose their own doctors if that is what they want to do. They are going to have a choice for the first time, a choice of keeping exactly what the Government has offered for 30 years or a choice of choosing an HMO, a medical savings account, or their traditional association or union plan that they had where they last worked when they retired.  So, Mr. President, if we can hold the line in discussions with the House on these provisions, this Medicare reform could be good for the United States but also very good for our low-reimbursement rural counties.  Mr. President, how much time do I have left of the 10 minutes that I allotted myself?  