 President, obviously I rise to oppose the motion that is before us. It may be well intended, but let me tell you, the simple truth is that this amendment will hurt the very people, the very rural America, and the very family farms that, according to their statements, it is intended to help.  People on the other side of the aisle probably do not intend it this way, but the fact of the matter is, with their tax policy, they do not believe in taxation, they believe in confiscation. Because, when you leave high estate taxes, when you leave high capital gains taxes and the impact of inflation on each, you are in a situation where, when you tax inflation, it is confiscation and not taxation.  The estate tax laws, the way they are--and they have not been changed for 15 years; the capital gains tax laws, and they have not been changed since 1986--are tying up a lot of property in rural America that will not move because people are not going to pay confiscatory, high rates of taxation. One sure thing, if you do not need the income and you do not have to sell, you are not going to sell and give it all to the Federal Treasury, because in most of the farms of America, the lifetime of savings is tied up just to create an income and a job for one family.  So, if you want to help rural America, we have to transfer the property from one generation to another, and I do not know how you are going to do that if you do not do it by increasing the exemption and encouraging people to sell their property.  People suggest what we are doing in this reconciliation bill on farm policy is wrong.  The fact is that the President's budget is not good for agriculture because it does not achieve balance in the next 7 years.  The Food and Agriculture Policy Research Institute ran some numbers on the impact of a balanced budget on farm income. They estimate that by the year 2002, under a balanced budget scenario, farmers will save $2.3 billion per year due to expected reductions in interest rates. It is important to note that farming is a very capital-intensive industry and benefits greatly from low interest rates.  Furthermore, FAPRI's preliminary numbers indicate that farmers' cash flow will increase $300 million per year due to the increased economic activity resulting from the balanced budget.  So the net positive impact on farm income from a balanced budget will be $2.6 billion per year. This gain will be lost if we adopt the President's budget numbers.  Mr. President, another vital point that my Democratic colleagues fail to mention is that their doomsday numbers on agriculture assume that the cuts will be made to the program as it is currently structured. They would want you to believe that the Republicans are taking $13.4 billion out of farmer's pockets.  This assumption reveals a lack of understanding about how farm programs work and a failure to recognize the important reforms contained in this bill. The next farm bill will significantly reduce the regulatory burden on farmers, allow farmers to plant for the marketplace, and continue to aggressively promote new markets and new uses for agriculture commodities.  Specifically, farmers will no longer be required to idle productive land because of a mandate from Washington. Furthermore, farmers will have the flexibility to produce whatever commodity they chose in response to market signals. These reform measures, along with reducing the regulatory burden and finding new markets for our products, will lead to an increase in farm income in the future.  It is true that Government payments to farmers will be reduced. But the future of U.S. agriculture must rest on the ability of farmers to earn income from the marketplace. The reforms to the farm programs contained in this budget reconciliation package achieve this goal and will allow our farmers to flourish.  So I urge you to vote against this motion. I yield the floor and yield the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Craig). Who yields time?  