 President, I will not support the Boxer amendment. I have to say that it is a tempting proposition probably for a lot of us because on its face, I think it is a perfectly reasonable request, because, after all, what is wrong with letting the sunshine in on all the business we do around here?  But there is an important reason for holding public hearings generally, because you hold public hearings, do you not, so the truth can be known to the public? It allows the public then to judge the credibility of what we do as a body. Public disclosure, in general, helps this process.  There are three elements of what has helped our democracy endure and flourish: seeking the truth, holding people accountable, and dispensing justice. It is my belief that the Senator from California, hopefully, wants all three of those elements to prevail in the case of Senator Packwood. I think we agree with those elements. We support those elements.  The Senate does have a process, however, for achieving all three of those elements. Of course, it begins with the relevant committee and it ends with the action of this full body. This process is set up to gather facts, and it is set up to learn the truth. It must then evaluate the facts, it must assign responsibility, and then it sets appropriate punishment.  I might add that the Ethics Committee is not yet finished with its own part of the process. To me, this is a very key point, and I will return to that point in just a minute.  But during the Senate process, sometimes it is necessary to air the facts publicly, sometimes not. But I would stress that closed hearings are OK if, and only if, the punishment at the end of the process fits the facts because, otherwise, the process opens itself up to legitimate criticism. Public hearings are necessary when a problem of credibility arises, as in the Anita Hill case, or if the punishment does not fit the facts, as I have stated. But, Senator Boxer, the committee has to render a judgment before it can be criticized. That is my view.  By the way, the issue of public disclosure is met to a large degree by the committee's decision already made to disclose all the relevant documents. Of course, this is not the same as a hearing, and I do not pretend that it is. But if the committee decides not to hold public hearings, then it, for sure, better do the right thing. If it does, then public hearings become a nonissue, so long as disclosure of documents is made. If it does not, then a motion to recommit is in order and the Senate should then demand open hearings. That is because the credibility of the committee's decision would have been questioned. But the key is, for Senator Boxer and my colleagues, the committee must render a judgment first before we can credibly call into question the committee's work. In the past, the committee process has produced unacceptable results that did not fit the facts, and that process has been rightly criticized. The Ethics Committee has been criticized in the past for whitewashing and dispensing mere slaps on the wrist, when a much harsher punishment seemed to be justified.  This Senator has joined in that criticism. I also intend to vote against the McConnell amendment, as well, because of the first finding of the amendment that would say this: ``The Senate Committee on Ethics has a 31-year tradition of handling investigations of official misconduct in a bipartisan, fair, and professional manner.''  Mr. President, I am not so sure that I can support an amendment with that language, because I think too often in the past--and, of course, this is not under Chairman McConnell's able leadership, but well before him--the committee has acted too timidly, and I think it is important to not regard that too lightly.  And it is not just the Ethics Committee. I have had my own battles with the Armed Services Committee on closed versus open hearings. I tied up the Senate for 2 days at the end of the last Congress on a nomination that you will recall was General Glosson's promotion. I should add that I did so with the help of the Senator from California. The committee had recommended that General Glosson retire with a third star. We felt that the facts of the case dictated that he should not get such a promotion.  The committee recommended a third star, despite the fact that General Glosson had tampered with the promotion board. This was a serious offense because it jeopardized the integrity of the military promotion process, and the committee had a history of cracking down on such tampering.  Also, the Defense Department inspector general found that Glosson lied under oath during the investigation.  Mr. President, no evidence was uncovered at that time that overturned these serious charges. As the committee deliberated over the facts in the case and its recommendations, I took the posture of informing of the committee's judgment.  Yes, I believed in General Glosson's case there should be a public hearing, but I did not demand one. I wanted to give the committee a chance to do the right thing without it, a chance to make recommendations to be commensurate with the facts of that case. The committee chose to review the matter in several closed hearings.  If the closed-hearing process would produce a verdict commensurate with the merits, I would have had no problem. Under that scenario, public hearings in the Glosson case were, in my mind, irrelevant. It is the dispensing of a just remedy that I was most concerned with.  Well, the committee had several hearings and availed itself of the information I provided. Nonetheless, the committee recommended a third star for General Glosson. But--and this is important--it was not until I examined the committee's evidence and the committee's rationale in support of its decision that I decided to question the committee's judgment. And then I made my case on the Senate floor.  The committee and Senate leaders supported General Glosson --regardless of the facts in the case--I think out of friendship. I think that is as plain then as it is today. I accused the committee of putting friendship over integrity.  My point is, the amendment by the Senator from California has a proper objective. But the timing is wrong. In my view, the Senator from California has an appropriate amendment when, and only when, the committee renders a recommendation, and when, and only when, she measures the recommendations against the facts as presented by the committee's findings, because that is when the credibility is earned for persuading the public and this body of her intent.  I, for one, would join the Senator from California in a motion to recommit if it were clear that the committee fails to do the right thing, because if it were clear that the Ethics Committee were once again dispensing slaps on the wrist, having learned nothing then from the Anita Hill experience, the Senator from California would have all the moral authority in the world to insist on public hearings and insist that the committee get it right.  But the time for sending that message is not yet upon us. So let us wait for the committee's recommendations first. Clearly, that is the right thing to do right now.  Finally, let me reiterate a point about Senator McConnell's leadership. The comments I have made with respect to the Ethics Committee's past do not reflect on him. The Senator from Kentucky has conducted himself fairly in this case, especially in the case of acquiring diaries and disclosing the relevant documents. Up to this point, I can find no fault with his committee's approach, and he has shown able leadership on a difficult issue. But I will reserve final judgment on his committee's work product pending its recommendations. That is the proper time to do it.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, how much time do I have left?  