 President, while we are waiting to get that deciphered, I want to go on to another point that I wanted to make about the bill that is before us.  The Senator from North Dakota speaks about 55 percent of the people who would have to be working. That 55 percent seems higher than the 50 percent in the Republican plan, but it depends upon what group you talk about.  On the Republican plan, our goal and requirement is that 50 percent of everybody on welfare, the category of everybody on welfare, would have to be working.  In the bill of the Senator from North Dakota, he would have these categories of people exempted from the 55 percent rule: Parents of children under 12 weeks of age or, at the State's option, up to 1 year; individuals who are ill or incapacitated, as defined by the States; individuals needed in the home on a full-time basis to care for a disabled child or other household members; individuals over 60 years of age; individuals under age 16, other than teenage parents. I am not going to argue about the Senator's rationale for exempting certain populations.  So his goal is 55 percent of a group that has several exemptions in it as required to work. Whereas, in our bill, we have 50 percent of a whole, without exemption.  So for those reasons--the fact that it does not save as much money as our proposal saves, and the fact that it does not have as high a goal of people to work by the year 2000--we feel that this bill, even though it does give an option to the States of whether to choose the Federal entitlement or a program defined by the individual State, does not go far enough in eliminating a major problem with the welfare system of the last 40 or 50 years. That problem is the Federal entitlement. It seems to me the maintenance of a Federal entitlement is a litmus test of whether or not we are going to have business in welfare reform or whether or not we are going to have a completely new approach.  The plan offered by Senator Dole is a completely new approach--no longer a Federal entitlement, no longer an environment in which there will be an encouragement for dependency; but instead a requirement where we are going to move more people from welfare to work.  I yield the floor.  