 President, the situation this morning, Friday morning, is that we are on S. 2. This is a bill that we Republicans, the new majority, promised that we would give early consideration to, and hopefully pass early on to get the bill to the President for signature.  The House of Representatives, in their first day of session, unanimously, on a rollcall vote, passed this piece of legislation. This legislation provides that the exemptions that Congress as an institution and individual Members of Congress have had as employers from certain employment and safety laws, in some instances for over 60 years, will no longer be in place.  The purpose of this legislation is to end the environment in this country where we have two sets of laws--one for Capitol Hill and the one for everybody else, everywhere else in the country.  It will end a situation where there is one set of laws for Pennsylvania Avenue and another set of laws for Main Street, U.S.A. It will end the situation where employees of Congress do not have the same employment and safety rights and access to the courts for the enforcement of those rights that private sector employees have.  For a long period of time people, in the private sector, both employees and employers, but particularly employers, have resented a legal situation in this country where laws passed for the safety and the employment rights of individual private-sector employees of this country, have been in place for one set of employees but not for another. The burden of regulation on the private-sector employer has been in place, but that burden of regulation has not been in place for Capitol Hill. And, of course, that resentment has mounted, and mounted, and mounted over several years now that this has become an issue.  It was No. 1 on the list of promises that the new majority made to the American people that we would pass. Consequently, that is why it did pass the House of Representatives and that is consequently why our distinguished majority leader, Senator Dole, made a promise to make that the first bill for consideration of this body.  So we had a full day's debate on this bill yesterday and we are probably going to have a full day's debate today and into next week. But I notice from the debate yesterday and the debate so far today, it is not on the substance of the legislation: ending the situation where we have one set of laws for Congress and another set of laws for the rest of the country.  I am glad to know that there is that fair amount of unanimity, maybe a great deal of consensus, at least, on the issue of the legislation. But debate yesterday was on the issue of lobbying and on the issue of gifts--very legitimate issues to be discussed before this body--and now this morning we are starting debate on unrelated legislation dealing with lobbying; again, a very legitimate subject for the Senator from Minnesota to bring to this floor.  But is it legitimate at this time to bring it before this body? Well, of course, under the rules, it is. But does it fit in with the goals that people desired for this Congress early on when they made the decision in the last election to send a new majority to the House and Senate and to the House for the first time in 40 years? I think not, particularly in light of the fact that the distinguished majority leader, Senator Dole, has promised that all of these issues will have time for discussion on the floor of this body very early in this session, probably within the next 2, 3, 4 months, at the latest.  So I beg the Senator from Minnesota and the Senators from other States that have other amendments not germane to the specific purpose of S. 2 to wait for the appropriate time so that [[Page S534]] we do not frustrate the will of the people expressed in the last election, and that we move forward with ending this special treatment of Capitol Hill to be exempted from 11 major pieces of legislation. Let us move on with this bill, get it to the President for signature--the President wants to sign it--and then take up the usual course of business and abide with faith in the promise of the distinguished majority leader that these issues will be brought up and bring them up at that appropriate time. We should not try to wreck a very good piece of legislation that passed the House unanimously and I will bet will almost pass this body unanimously as well.  I yield the floor and urge Senators on my side who want to debate Senator Wellstone's amendment to please come over here and do that, because we will not have rollcalls as long as there is a leadership meeting down at the White House.  