 President, I am sorry to get the news of the retirement of my good friend and distinguished Senator from Alabama. I hope on this side of the aisle that I can claim the right to miss him more than any other Republican might miss him, because for 15 years, I have had the chance of working with him on a subcommittee of Judiciary. At various times, the committee has been entitled Administrative Practice and Procedure; at another time, Courts, and this time, Oversight and Courts, I guess. I was chairman of it from 1980 to 1986. He was chairman for the last 8 years, and when the Republicans gained control of the Senate, I became chairman again.  So I have either been ranking member or chairman with the distinguished Senator for now going on my 15th year.  I can say that it has been a pleasure working with him. It has been a pleasure because there has not been any friction. It has been a pleasure because he does not think in a partisan way. It has been a pleasure because he knows a great deal about the law and, for a nonlawyer like me, it gives me an opportunity to have a great deal of confidence that the product that comes out of that committee, whether I am chairman or whether he is chairman, is going to be a good product. I think an example of that good product is the bankruptcy reform legislation that was passed over in the last Congress.  Not too many people in this body pay too much attention to bankruptcy legislation. It is not the sort of legislation that keeps you awake when you are reading and considering some of its aspects. But he worked real hard on that, and I hope I worked helping him as the ranking member to get a bill that would be passed.  That is one example of the hard work that he has done where there is not public attention given to it. But he does not do his work because he cares about the public attention. He does his work because he wants to do the job right and according to the Constitution and what is good public policy. I have known that to be his characteristic in these years that I have worked with him on this committee. But most importantly through the work on the committee, I have been able to develop a friendship with him. It is the sort of friendship that is going to have a crack in it when he is not here in succeeding Congresses. He knows there is a lot of legislation he is going to be working on with me over the next 20 months. I look forward to working with him. But I was also looking forward to working with him much beyond that. So I am going to miss him but I wish him well.  