 President, my amendment prohibits the Secretary of Agriculture from expending funds to continue the wetland certification and delineation process on agricultural land, unless requested by the landowner.  It is my understanding that the amendment has been cleared by both the Agriculture Committee and the Environment and Public Works Committee and will be accepted by the managers of the bill.  My amendment safeguards the property rights of our Nation's farmers by prohibiting the Secretary of Agriculture from expending funds to delineate new wetlands on agriculture land until the end of the year. This rescission will allow Congress the opportunity to reform wetlands policy through new legislation. It will also allow the public to have input into the process. Thus far, the landowners have been shut out of the process.  As you know, no less than four Federal agencies claim jurisdiction over the regulation of wetlands. Just think of how impossible it must be for the family farmer to understand what four different Federal agencies want him to do in regard to wetlands on his private property.  Last year, these agencies entered into a memorandum of agreement. Although the MOA was intended to streamline the regulatory process and clarify the role of each agency, it has increased the level of confusion and frustration among those farmers affected by it.  The delineation of wetlands on agricultural land has been a confusing proposition for some time. On the other hand, the consequences of the delineations are very clear. A farmer who alters a wetland without authorization from the Federal Government faces potential civil penalties, criminal action, and loss of farm programs benefits. Because the stakes are so high, we must ensure that the delineation process is accurate and reasonable. And we must ensure that the voice of the farmer is allowed to be heard when the process is put into place.  As I speak, new wetland delineations are being conducted in the State of Iowa pursuant to the MOA. It will soon cover every other State affected by agricultural wetlands. So farmers in all States will soon be deprived of the right to farm their land or improve their property because a Federal bureaucrat decides that such activity interferes with a protected wetland.  This process is being done in a laboratory, by people unknown to the farmers, who take soil surveys and aerial photography and try to find evidence of wetlands, in order to get more farmers under their regulatory umbrella. This process disturbs me greatly.  The old Soil Conservation Service worked alongside farmers for the past 60 or 70 years. There was a close relationship between the farmer and SCS officials. They shared a common goal of promoting conservation of the land. That sort of cooperation has resulted in more benefit to the environment than any other USDA program. But I am afraid that this cooperative spirit has been lost.  The current process has shut out the farmer. The bureaucrats are making decisions without consultation with farmers. We have gone through this process before--with the passage of the swampbuster and sodbuster provisions of the 1985 farm bill. For the most part, farmers did not complain about the process then--because there was an open effort on the part of the bureaucracy to work with the farmers, to educate them on the process and to solicit the farmers' input. But that is not the case this time around.  Mr. President, I want to make it very clear that I am not opposed to protecting valuable wetlands. My vote for the antisodbuster and antiswampbuster provisions in the 1985 farm bill is proof of that. And I am making no attempt [[Page S4884]] to roll back the provisions of that bill. However, I am opposed to changing the rules every few years so that farmers can never be certain if their conduct is allowed under the current regulatory scheme. I am also opposed to the promulgation of an MOA that will significantly affect the ability of private property owners to improve their land, without the benefit of input from the people affected by the agreement.  My amendment will allow for this input through congressional hearings on wetlands policy. At the very least, Congress should ensure that the concerns of private property owners are heard before they are deprived of the use of their land.  The amendment will also stop the bureaucracy from acting based on the flawed memorandum of agreement. I believe that this Congress is committed to reforming Federal wetlands policy. This policy should be based on sound science, recognize the constitutionally protected rights of private property and, above all, institute a large dose of common sense into the program. This amendment stops the Government from finding new wetlands on farm land until this reform can be put in place.  Mr. President, in closing I want to make sure that my colleagues understand the scope and the intent of this amendment. The amendment will in no way affect the regulation of wetlands currently listed on the wetlands inventory. Furthermore, it will not interfere with a landowner's ability to obtain a section 404 permit or a swampbuster determination.  What the amendment does, simply stated, is this: The amendment prohibits the Natural Resource Conservation Service from conducting its certification process and adding new wetlands to the inventory until 1996.  Opponents may argue that it was the agricultural interests that wanted the NRCS to be the lead agency in determining wetlands on agricultural lands. This is accurate, however, the agricultural community believes that the MOA is a flawed document and they overwhelmingly support this amendment. In fact when I introduced this moratorium as a free-standing bill, 14 farm groups from across the political spectrum signed a letter to President Clinton supporting the bill. These groups range from the conservative-leaning American Farm Bureau Federation to the bipartisan Association of State Departments of Agriculture to the more-liberal National Farmers Union. I would also note that the bill is cosponsored by 18 other Senators from both sides of the aisle. All of us involved in agriculture want to relieve the regulatory burden placed on farmers by Federal wetlands policy. This amendment will allow Congress some time to do just that. I urge my colleagues to accept this amendment.  (At the request of Mr. Grassley, the following statement was printed in the Record.) 