 President, the Administrative Conference is being directed to study the application of the various laws to the General Accounting Office, the Government Printing Office, and the Library of Congress as well as the regulations and procedures used by these agencies to endorse these laws. The study is to evaluate whether the rights, protections, and procedures applicable to these agencies and their employees under these laws are comprehensive and effective. The conference is to make recommendations for any improvements in regulations or legislation, including regulatory or legislative language. I urge the conference to be particularly mindful of conflict of interest or other concerns that may arise from the coverage of Library of Congress employees under the existing Federal sector labor-management statutory framework. The bill reflects similar concerns with respect to various categories of congressional employees which may well be equally applicable to Library of Congress employees.  Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Glenn. He has been here on the floor of this body for 5 days representing the minority party.  I also want to thank the new Senator from Tennessee, Senator Thompson, because on our side of the aisle he worked very closely with me as cochairman of the working group on this bill, which Senator Dole appointed for the Republicans so that this bill could be worked on in December and be ready for action on the first day of the session.  Also, I thank Senator Lieberman of Connecticut, who has worked very hard on this bill over the last 2 years and was my main cosponsor on this bill; also, I thank him and his staff for contributing during the interim of the two Congresses to get this bill put together. I also need to mention this about Senator Glenn: He was active in this issue long before most of us even came to the Congress.  I also thank Senator Stevens, because in the last several Congresses when I tried to get this legislation passed, he has wanted us to think through very clearly what direction we should go in. He has legitimately raised some questions and concerns about this over several Congresses. And during this Congress, he was satisfied with the product we put together, and he was also part of the group that worked out compromises between Republicans and Democrats, as well as between the House and Senate. I thank Senator Stevens for his cooperation.  I thank Senator Roth, who was chairman of the committee this time that would have had jurisdiction over this bill, because he did not demand referral.  I thank Senators Nickles, Coats, Hutchison, Abraham, and Smith, because they were also members of the Republican task force.  Then regarding the staff people, I want to say thank you to Senator Lieberman's staff, John Nakahata and Fred Richardson; Senator Stevens' staff, Mark Mackie; Senator Roth's staff, Susanne Marshall; Dennis Shea of Senator Dole's staff; Larry Novak of Senator Glenn's staff; Michael Davidson, Senate legal counsel, and also of the legal counsel staff, Claire Sylvia. Then Gary Kline of my staff was involved in this. I want to pay special tribute to Fred Ansell of my staff, not only for the time and work that went into several weeks of December that he worked on this bill with other staff people, but also for his assuming a tremendous amount of responsibility in making sure that we had a product that was acceptable to the Senate. I think the best measure of a product that is acceptable to the Senate is that there was no amendment applicable to the underlying bill, except the technical amendments that were in the managers bill. So I thank Mr. Ansell for his fine, outstanding work in representing me and the group of staffers.  I yield the floor.  