 President, we had a lot of discussion in the last 3 days on the need for regulatory reform. We have had a lot of horror stories presented about undue regulation and what it has done to small business people and farmers of the United States. That impacts negatively on everybody as it inhibits the creation of jobs, as it brings undue costs to the operation of a business and, in many instances, with harm to the public if nothing is changed.  I have taken the floor several times to discuss some of these problems with existing rules and regulations, or the implementation of those rules and regulations. I want to address another issue like I did yesterday on the subject of wetlands.  Before I do, I want to visit a little about the general atmosphere of the debate here on this regulatory reform bill in the U.S. Senate. We are led to believe that all of our concern about public health and safety and the environmental policies are going to be thrown out the window with the adoption of a regulatory reform bill. It is not, because our bill does not change any of the substantive laws that are on the books in each one of those areas.  If it did, that is what we would call, in this body, a supermandate, one law overriding others. In fact, we recently adopted an amendment just to make it more clear that there is nothing in this legislation that is a supermandate. And we have also been hearing a lot of other concern expressed, mostly on the Democratic side of the aisle, about bad aspects of this legislation.  I would plead with the Democratic Members of this body who have been fighting this bill so hard, that they should want Government to work well. They should want Government to work efficiently. They should want Government to work in a cost-effective way. They should want Government to serve people rather than people serving the Government.  Another way to say that is, they should want Government to be a servant of the people rather than a master of the people.  I know Democratic Members of this body believe that all Government is good. And I know that they believe that basically Government means well and does well, and they are willing to give the benefit to big Government, that when there is some doubt about whether Government is really going to do well, that we ought to err on the side of Government doing it. That is a legitimate political philosophy that I find no fault with. I do not accept it, but it is a legitimate political philosophy that we can have in our system of government.  What does that have to do with the bill that is before us and my pleading with the Democratic Members of this body? There is nothing wrong with believing in big Government. There is nothing wrong in believing, if you think it is best for the country, in a regulatory state. There may not be anything wrong with believing that regulators ought to dominate more so than the free market system determinations made in our economy.  But the very least, if you believe all those things, you should make sure that the regulatory state, that the big Government you believe in, will actually work well and effectively deliver the services that you want delivered. And the fact of the matter is this big Government, this big regulatory state that you like so well not only does not deliver well, but the rulemaking process is much more costly than it need be. It impinges upon the marketplace much more than need be to protect the public health and safety and the environment. And it just does not work very well because it never delivers a decision. You know it is just awfully difficult to get a decision out of the Government, and particularly when you have two Government agencies fighting each other.  The very least--I plead with you--if you believe in the big Government that you practice, that you ought to be for making it efficient and effective. And your big Government and your big regulatory state, we are saying on this side of the aisle, does not work very well, and we see S. 343 as a process of making sure that it is cost effective because of the cost-benefit analysis, that it has a sound basis because we require scientific determinations and risk assessment, and that it should not be a law unto itself. We protect against that in this legislation through congressional review of regulatory action and through judicial review of regulatory action.  I hope during this debate--and this will be the fourth time I have been involved in an example just in my State--my State is only 1.5 percent of the people in this country, but some horror stories have taken place in my State. Remember the first day I spoke about EPA enforcing one of its rules on toxic waste. They had a paid informant that was a disgruntled employee of a local gravel company, the Higman Co., in a little town of Akron in northwest Iowa. The information was not correct, but they decided to invade his place of business. One quiet morning they came in with their shotguns pumped, their bulletproof vests on, 40 Federal and local law enforcement people to find that toxic waste and to arrest the manager.  He tried to find out what was the big deal. They told him to shut up. They stuck the gun in the face of his accountant. She is a nervous wreck yet as a result of that action. It cost him $200,000 of lost business and legal fees to defend himself on a criminal charge that he was not found guilty on because there was not any toxic waste buried in his gravel pit because this process of making a determination was bad.  I told you the next day about how there is an EPA regulation on the books under the Clean Air Act affecting the grain elevators in the rural communities where farmers send their grain for processing and for sale. We have 700 of these grain elevators in my State. They are charged with proving to the Government that they do not pollute. The initial determination of that is to fill out a 280-page document for EPA, which some of these elevators are paying $25,000 to $40,000 of consulting fees to help get filled out properly. Then once they are filled out properly and go to the EPA, only 1 percent of the 700 are going to come over the threshold determined by EPA that you are a polluting business.  But what really is strange about that rule is this: EPA assumes that you are going to be polluting 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, when the problem that EPA is trying to get at is a seasonal problem in which the elevators are operating for about 30 to 45 days out of a year in which there might not be any problem whatsoever.  They have each one of these little grain elevators supposedly in business processing grain every day of the year, every hour of the day. Any one of these, under that assumption, would have to have the entire corn crop of the entire United States, 10.03 billion bushels, processed through any one of these little businesses.  Then I told you next about the farmer in Mahaska County, IA, that bought a farm in 1988. And in 1989 he got permission from the Soil Conservation Service for clearing some trees and improving the drainage system. He had the approval of a Government agency of everything he did, even the approval of the Iowa Department of Natural Resources.  Within just a few months the Corps of Engineers threatened to fine him $25,000 a day because he was doing something without one of their permits saying it was a wetland when it was not a wetland. All you have to do to prove that is to drill little holes in the ground and find out how close the water is to the surface. And it was not 4 to 5 feet. In order to be a wetland you have to have 7 days of continuous water on the land. Yet, they wanted to fine him $25,000 a day for what another Government agency said he could do. Then later on that first Government agency said he could do it. They backed off and said they had made a mistake. Then he appeals it through the local, the State, and the national office. Here it is 1995, and he still does not have a determination of what he can do with that land.  As I said to the big Government Democrats that are opposing our bill, it seems to me that, if you want to believe in big Government, OK. But at least Government ought to be able to give a constituent some sort of an answer. If you say they have done something wrong, they ought to be able to get an answer. You ought to be able to have the Government agencies agree among themselves on what the policy is.  This is a perfect example of Government out of control. This young Mahaska County farmer still does not know where he stands with this land. He could potentially pay a lot of fees. In the meantime, he has paid a lot of money to try to get what he thought he had the right of in the first place by getting a Government agency to say what he can do and not do to some of his land.  There is no reason why we need four different Government agencies' definition of what a wetland is. How do you expect a poor farmer to understand what a wetland is, or even a rich farmer understand what a wetland is if four Government agencies do not know what a wetland is?  In fact, in the farmer's case I just told you about, the determination of what was a wetland or not a wetland was based on a 1989 Corps of Engineers manual that is not even being used anymore.  (