 President, the Administrative Conference of the United States has been zeroed out by the House and Senate Appropriations Committee. In the absence of this amendment, there would be no funding at all for the Conference. The Administrative Conference is the only permanent, independent watchdog over the excesses and waste in regard to agency rules and rulemaking. It is a very small agency with a very important role in the Government. It is charged with the responsibility of identifying and recommending improvements to the administrative procedures of Federal agencies, a function that has only become more important.  Administrative process and procedure is the central function of the Federal Government. The Conference's sole purpose is to objectively and fairly develop improvements to this administrative process.  There are some that argue that the valuable work that ACUS does can be done equally as well by other agencies. This is not true, however, as ACUS is unique in its ability to provide objective, fair, nonpartisan,, nonideological improvements to the efficiency of government.  The Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, which I chair, recently held a hearing on the reauthorization of ACUS. In a letter to the subcommittee, Supreme Court Justice Scalia, a former Conference Chairman and present member, noted the benefits of ACUS: ``The Conference seeks to combine the efforts of scholars, practitioners, and agency officials to improve the efficiency and fairness of the thousands of varieties of Federal agency procedures. In my judgment, it is an effective mechanism for achieving that goal, which demands change and improvement in obscure areas where bureaucratic inertia and closed-mindedness often prevail.'' By the way, Supreme Court Justice Breyer is also a member.  To delegate ACUS' important responsibilities to the Department of Justice, as some have suggested, would be to have the fox guarding the hen house. We have seen in the recent regulatory reform debate how partisan and nonobjective the Justice Department can be. ACUS is an agency that is not likely to make a lot of friends because many of its recommendations force agencies to be more efficient and more accountable. This is all the more reason for it to continue.  ACUS is not an ideological or a partisan agency. In testimony before the Administrative Oversight and the Courts Subcommittee, Judge Loren Smith, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims said: ``With a government as large and complex as ours has become; there must be a place where the administrative process can be analyzed from a relatively policy neutral perspective.'' To entrust the responsibility of oversight to a partisan agency would be foolish.  Mr. President, it is wise to invest a small amount of money to maintain a permanent, independent watchdog over the fairness, efficiency, and effectiveness of the detailed workings of the administrative process. The return on the money invested here justifies its small budget. In a hearing before the Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, Jim Miller, the former head of the Office of Management and Budget under President Reagan, said: ``As you know I am a fierce advocate of downsizing the Federal Government and reducing the number of agencies and programs. The way to do this is to pare back those operations that generate the least bang for the taxpayers' buck. I submit that ACUS is not one of these.'' Mr. President, the Conference's value lies in its ability to streamline and save money. Its value far, far exceeds its costs.  And, Mr. President, our amendment is budget neutral since the small amount of funding for ACUS will be taken from the General Services Administration account. Therefore, this amendment will not add to the Federal deficit.  Some have mistakenly argued that ACUS doesn't do anything meaningfull. Well, these arguments come from those who do not have to deal with the complexity and burdens of the regulatory process.  Just a few of the major accomplishments of ACUS include the following:  First, regulatory reform: In the comprehensive regulatory reform legislation S. 343, that the Senate has been considering, the Conference was relied upon for their expertise in this area, and a number of ACUS' recommendations were made part of the bill. And when the legislation was before the Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, which I chair, ACUS recommendations were relied upon.  Second, alternative dispute resolution: ACUS has explored alternatives to costly litigation such as mediation and alternative dispute resolution. By adopting the Conference's recommendations, agencies have saved millions of dollars of taxpayer's money. I will soon be introducing a permanent extension of the Agency Dispute Resolution Act which is based on ACUS' recommendations.  Third, simplying Government contracting: Through a number of recommendations, ACUS has succeeded in streamlining the Federal contracting process, a procurement system which accounts for $200 billion in expenditures each year. This was accomplished through amending the jurisdictional requirement in certification of Federal contracts. The potential for further savings here are enormous.  Fourth, negotiated rulemaking: OMB has utilized ACUS as a reg neg resource center for agencies undertaking negotiated rulemaking, a cutting edge reform which allows for enormous improvement in Government. This is accomplished by revolutionizing the way which agencies come up with rules. Under this reform, parties who would be affected sit down with the agency and discuss the ramifications of proposed regulations, and hopefully, come up with a negotiated agreement.  Fifth, equal access to justice: The Conference played a key role in enacting the Equal Access to Justice Act. ACUS was assigned by Congress the responsibility to ensure executive branch compliance. While there was some institutional hostility to the changes, the model rules that ACUS had drawn up, were eventually adopted by all agencies. The Conference continues its work on this issue, most notably in its recent recommendation for streamlining attorney's fee litigation.  Sixth, Contract Disputes Act: The Conference recommended changes to the Contract Dispute Act. This legislation has worked well over these last 3 years, eliminating an enormous amount of needless litigation.  The Administrative Conference is not your typical agency. It is small, it has no natural constituency, and it is vital to the success of any governmental reform efforts. Its budget is small, and it saves much more than it costs. I must repeat the words of Chief Judge Smith from his testimony:       I argue for the reauthorization of the Administrative      Conference not because it is good for the Conference, or its      able chair, but rather because it is good for America. It      will help make this huge Federal Government a little more      fair for our citizens, be they small business people,      farmers, workers, children, property owners,      conservationists, or taxpayers.  Mr. President, we in the Congress need all the help we can get in keeping an eye on what many view as an out-of-control Federal bureaucracy. Overall, the manager of the bill, Senator Shelby has done an excellent job in crafting a responsible bill that helps put us on the road to a balanced budget. I support his efforts on many tough decisions he had to make regarding this bill.  But, on this one very small item, I just think that we are literally being penny wise and pound foolish. So, I urge my colleagues to join in support of this effort for a more efficient and more accountable Government.  