 President, I had an opportunity to read in the New York Times this morning that the President has been making speeches around the country and particularly in response to action yesterday by one of our subcommittees of appropriations, because yesterday the National Service Corps was zeroed out by the subcommittee. And the statement that I do not like is referenced to the fact that we are just playing politics when a program like this is zeroed out. I hope I can stand before this body as a person who has criticized the National Service Corps or AmeriCorps with credibility and say that I can be watchful of how the taxpayers' dollars are spent without being accused of playing politics. Most of my colleagues would remember that during the Reagan and Bush years when we controlled the White House and even controlled this body during part of that period of time I was not afraid to find fault with my own Presidents--Republican Presidents--when this was a waste of taxpayers' dollars when it comes to expenditures for defense.  I think I have a consistent record of pointing out boondoggles, whether it be in defense or anything else. And I have raised the same concerns about AmeriCorps based upon the General Accounting Office saying that each position costs $26,650 and that that is about twice what the administration said that these would cost. And the poor AmeriCorps worker getting $13,000 out of that $26,000 for their remuneration so that much of the money is going to administrative overhead and bureaucratic waste. And I do not see, when we are trying to balance a budget, that we can justify a program that is going to have about 50 percent of its costs not going to the people that are supposed to benefit from that program. And so I have pointed out to the President the General Accounting Office statement. I wrote a letter to the President on August 29 of this year, more or less saying reinvent the program or it is going to be eliminated.  I have not heard a response from my letter to the President yet. I hope he will respond. But I have suggested that he needs to keep the costs of the program within what he said it would cost a couple years ago when it was invented, and that most of the benefits of it should go to the people that are doing the work, not to administrative overhead.  And I suggested reinventing it by doing these things. And I will just read from the letter six headlines of longer paragraphs that I have explaining exactly what I mean.  No. 1, limit the enormous overhead in the Americorps program.  No. 2, ensure that the private sector contributes at least 50 percent to the cost of AmeriCorps. This was an important point that the President was making when the program started, that at least $1 or 50 percent of the total cost would come from the private sector; $1 of taxpayers' money leverages a dollar of private sector investment. I doubt if we would find fault with the program if it were to do that. Then I also suggested limiting rising program costs by not awarding AmeriCorps grants to Federal agencies. They say that they get match on this--if EPA has a program with an AmeriCorps worker, that whatever the EPA puts in is part of the match. Well, that is the taxpayers' match; that is not a private sector match.  I said funds must be targeted to assist young people in paying for college because some of the money is going to volunteers who will either drop out or not use the money to go to college.  Then I said to increase the bang for education bucks by making sure that the money is used for those who are going to go to higher education.  Finally, I suggested that if the President wants to reinvent the program, to tell us where in the VA budget, VA-HUD appropriations bill the money ought to come from because there is a lot of other money used. As Senator Bond said yesterday, the money was taken from AmeriCorps and put in the community development block grant program.  I am suggesting to the President that he needs to take into consideration--could I have 1 more minute, please?  