 President, in the past several months, the international drug program has not fared very well in Congress. Funding for interdiction, law enforcement, and international efforts have declined steadily. In part this is the result of a failure by the administration to either present a serious strategy or to fight for it in any meaningful way. The President has been all but invisible and his drug czar, left without support, has been ineffective. The obvious consequence of this dereliction in tough budget times is an erosion of funding and support to other projects that have more defenders.  Unfortunately, the administration's indifference has reinforced the attitudes of some in Congress that the program is not worth fighting for, that nothing we do to combat drug use works, and so we should surrender. The result has been devastating for our international effort and for the morale and capabilities of our frontline forces.  It is a myth to believe that nothing we do to combat illegal drugs works. In fact, whenever we have consistently and seriously attacked the problem--and we have a history going back to the beginnings of this century--we have had considerable success in reducing drug use and reversing epidemics. The trouble comes in believing that we should only have to combat illegal drug use once.  The belief in some quarters seems to be that, unlike any other major social problem, we should have some magic formula that banishes the issue forever. This attitude seems peculiarly endemic to our counter drug efforts. Despite a long history, we have yet to solve the problem of murder, spouse abuse, incest, rape, or theft. One rarely hears the call, however, that because these problems persist we should give up trying to stop them or legalize them as a way out of solving our problem. Everyone recognizes that to seek such a solution would be irresponsible. Yet, when it comes to drugs, we seem to take a vacation from common sense.  We must also remind ourselves that our measure for success cannot be some simplistic formula. Too often, the standard that critics apply to the counter drug effort, to prove that nothing works, is to create an impossible standard of perfection by which to judge it. For some, if there is one gram of cocaine on the streets of America somewhere, or one trafficker left in Colombia, then our efforts are a bust. Such counsels of perfection are enemies of realistic approaches. It is a lot like arguing that because we beat the other team 28 to 17 we really lost because they managed to score. Like a football team, our effort must be continually renewed. You do not win the championship once and for all, you have to train for the next season. The struggle to control illegal drug production and trafficking does not simply end when the whistle blows. Nor can our efforts simply stop.  But let us look more closely at whether all our drug efforts are failures. In the mid-1980s, The American public made it quite clear to this body that stopping the flow of illegal drugs to the United States and ending the poisoning of millions of America's young people was a top priority. We got the message. In a series of legislative initiatives, we forced the administration to take the drug issue seriously. We created a drug czar to coordinate efforts. And we voted to increase funding across the board for counter-drug programs, from law enforcement to education and treatment.  Remember that those efforts came after almost two decades of tolerance of drug use and a major cocaine and crack epidemic. When we decided to act, we faced a massive addiction problem and a widespread acceptance of drugs as an alternate life style. Yet, look at what happened. In the space of a few years, less than a third of the time it took us to get into the mess we created, we reversed attitudes toward drug use, and cut causal use of drugs by 50 percent and cocaine use by over 70 percent. Working with our Latin America allies, we wrapped up the Medellin cartel--which critics said would never happen--and made significant inroads in stopping the flow of drugs to this country.  Now, we clearly did not eliminate either drug use or trafficking, but elimination was hardly the criteria for our programs nor the measure of success for evaluating them. It is also clear that we have more to do. But serious reflection on the issue shows that this is one of those problems for which continual effort is our only possible response. And our efforts pay dividends. While there is no ultimate victory parade, surrender is not an option--unless we are prepared to live with the consequences. Our past responses to public concern indicates that we are not.  But can we afford the price? The notion that we are spending an inordinate amount of money on fighting drug use is one of the arguments used to justify cuts in the program. Such criticism, however, only works in isolation. Looking at the context shows a different picture.  The total Federal budget is $1.5 trillion. Of that, the entire drug budget of the United States--for all drug-related law enforcement, treatment, education, and international programs--is less than 1 percent of the total. Of the money we allocate to the drug program--before present proposed cuts--we spend less than 4 percent of the total on international efforts. Even adding in all DOD detection, monitoring, and law enforcement support the total is only 8 percent of the Federal drug budget. Hardly significant sums.  Compared to what Americans spend on other activities, these sums are insignificant. We spend annually five times as much on beauty parlors and personal-care products than we spend on the total drug budget. At current wholesale prices, a mere 8 percent of the cocaine imported into the United States would more than cover the costs of our entire international counter-drug effort; and 20 percent would cover the costs of adding in DOD efforts.  Moreover, we cannot afford the annual the costs of not acting. At present levels, the annual costs of drug use--some $60 billion to industry, some $50 billion spent on drugs, and untold billions in the costs of crime, violence, and medical costs--dwarf our expenditures on counterdrug programs and create major social problems. Yet, critics argue than we spend too much. We could double our drug budget and still be spending only half of what we spend on legal services. It is simply not the case that we are spending too much.  The issue, however, is not just a question of throwing money, however small, at a problem, but of what we are getting for our investment. As I indicated, the returns are significant and if they had been achieved in other areas of public problems we would regard them as successes. Yet, we act as if a 50-percent overall reduction in drug use is a failure. We become frustrated because this is one of those problems that requires ongoing efforts not one-time quick fixes. If we forget this simple fact, we will find ourselves repeating history--of once again having to dig ourselves out of a major addiction problem. The signs that we are drifting in that direction are already there, we ignore them at the peril of our young people. We need to sustain the efforts that have proven themselves in the past. Success, however, is not a one-time thing. It requires both the moral leadership and the consistent message to our young people that illegal drug use is risky business.   In this regard, I intend to work with my Senate and House colleagues to restore realistic funding to our counter-drug efforts and to raise the priority. We cannot afford to return to disastrous policies of the 1970's that did so much harm. We cannot afford to ignore the continuing public concern over this issue. We cannot afford to spend less on our counterdrug programs, or expect less for our investment.  