President, the Windfall Oil Profits for Heating Assistance Act of 2000 is a bit of a mouthful, but let me explain what this does. My legislation imposes a windfall profits adjustment on the oil industry so we can fund heating help for consumers and small business owners across America.  Mr. President, while American families have been paying sky-high prices at the gas pump and are bracing for record-high home heating costs this winter, the oil industry is savoring phenomenal profits. Something is wrong when working families are struggling to pay for basic transportation and home heat while Big Oil rakes in obscene amounts of cash by the barrel.  Indeed, the overall net income for the 14 major petroleum companies more than doubled in the second quarter of 2000 relative to the second quarter of 1999, to $10.3 billion.  In the second quarter of 2000, BP Amoco PLC reported profits of $2.87 billion, Chevron Corporation reported profits of $1.14 billion, Conoco reported profits of $460 million, Exxon Mobil Corporation reported profits of $4.53 billion, Marathon Oil Company reported profits of $367 million, Phillips Petroleum Company reported profits of $439 million, Royal Dutch/Shell Group reported profits of $3.15 billion and Texaco, Inc. reported profits of $641 million.  Look at these huge profits. When people in Vermont and New England want to know why they are paying so much extra for home heating oil, pick up the phone and call Texas and ask them how they justify these huge windfall profits.  This chart illustrates the phenomenal profits of the oil industry. Keep in mind, these profits came as gasoline prices soared and heating oil stocks fell. The oil industry executives said: It is the people of OPEC. It is not our fault. We love our customers. We are your friends. We wouldn't raise these prices. It is the naughty people overseas. We are not making any money from this. We are sorry you have to pay so much more to commute to work. We are sorry you can't heat your home.  In my State, where it can drop down to 20 below zero, this is not a matter of comfort. It is a matter of whether you will live or not.  But the oil industry executives say: We are sorry you have to pay so much more. Gee, maybe you should fill up early. Stocks are low. It is not our fault. We are not making anything out of this. We are not making any money out of it.  They are liars. They are making money. They are making windfall profits.  I have a chart here that illustrates the phenomenal profits of the oil industry for the past year when gasoline prices soared and heating oil stocks fell. Compared to the second quarter of 1999, the profits in the second quarter of 2000 increased 133 percent for BP Amoco, 136 percent for Chevron, 205 percent for Conoco, 123 percent for Exxon Mobil, 208 percent for Marathon, 275 percent for Phillips, 96 percent for Shell and 124 percent for Texaco.  Not surprisingly, these multi-million and even multi-billion dollar profits in the second quarter of 2000 for BP Amoco, Chevron, Conoco, Exxon Mobil and Shell were record quarterly profits.  These gushering profits are not new for the oil industry in 2000. In the first quarter of 2000, Big Oil also reaped record profits.  In the first quarter of 2000, ARCO reported profits of $333 million, BP Amoco reported profits of $2.68 billion, Chevron reported profits of $1.10 billion, Conoco reported profits of $391 million, Exxon Mobil reported profits of $3.35 billion, Phillips reported profits of $250 million, Shell reported profits of $3.13 billion, and Texaco reported profits of $602 million.  I have a second chart here that illustrates the phenomenal profits of the oil industry for the first quarter of the past year. Compared to the first quarter of 1999, the profits in the first quarter of 2000 increased 136 percent for ARCO, 296 percent for BP Amoco, 291 percent for Chevron , 371 percent for Conoco, 108 percent for Exxon Mobil, 257 percent for Phillips, 117 percent for Shell and 473 percent for Texaco.  Again, these multi-million and multi-billion dollar profits in the first quarter of 2000 for BP Amoco, Conoco, Exxon Mobil and Shell were record quarterly profits.  Yet these same oil company executives can tell the people of Vermont, the Northeast and elsewhere: Sorry you have to pay so much more for your gasoline. Sorry you have to pay so much more for your home heating oil. It is not our fault. We are not making any profits. It is those mean people in the Middle East.  Man, what hypocrisy.  Somebody once said, in Vermont: We will rely on the facts. Vermonters are not fooled by this. But how frustrating it is for all of us, how frustrating it is for middle America, to pay these bills, feeling they are helpless. Because the fact comes down, in our State, in an extraordinarily cold winter, we have to have heat. The fact comes down, when men and women have to go to work and they have to commute, they have to pay the price of going there. Everybody expects to pay what it costs to live. But they do not expect to have to pay windfall profits for a cartel of companies.  Big Oil reaped record profits while American consumers and small business owners dug deeper into their pockets to pay for soaring gasoline prices. And more record profits for Big Oil at the expense of consumers and small business owners are expected this winter when heating costs go through the roof.  Even more disturbing are the recent press reports that the major oil companies are not using their record profits to boost production and lower future prices, but are instead cutting back on exploration and production.  If they were using some of these huge profits to create more fuel, to create more production ability to be able to stave off shortages in the future, I would say let them have the profits because we will all benefit. They are not. They are just pocketing the profits. They are not doing a thing to find new oil, to find new production facilities.  Listen to this from a report in yesterday's Wall Street Journal: ``Exploration and production expenditures at the so-called super majors--Exxon Mobil Corp., BP Amoco PLC, and Royal Dutch/Shell Group--fell 20 percent to $6.91 billion in the first six months of the year from a year earlier. . . .'' Mr. President, that is outrageous.  The oil industry is made up of corporations formed under the laws of the United States. These oil industry corporations have a responsibility to the public good as well as their shareholders.  To reap record windfall profits and then cut back on exploration and production to further increase future profits is poor corporate citizenship and an abuse of the public trust by these oil industry corporations and their executives.  Well I for one have had enough of Big Oil making record profits at the expense of the working families and the small business owners who pay the oil bills, live by the rules and struggle mightily when fuel and heating costs skyrocket.  In response to the energy crisis of the 1980s, Congress enacted the Crude Oil Windfall Profit Tax Act of 1980. This windfall profits tax, which was repealed in 1988, funded low-income fuel assistance and energy and transportation programs.  Similar to the early 1980s, American families again face an energy crisis of high prices and record oil company profits. This past June, gasoline prices hit all-time highs across the United States, with a national average of $1.68 a gallon, according to the Energy Information Administration.  This winter, the Department of Energy estimates that heating oil inventories are 36 percent lower than last year with heating oil inventories in New England estimated to be 65 percent lower than last year. In my home state of Vermont, energy officials estimate heating oil costs will jump to $1.31 per gallon, up from $1.19 last winter and 80 cents in 1998.  Given the oil industry's record windfall profits in the face of this energy crisis, it is time for Congress to act and again limit the windfall profits of Big Oil.  The Leahy bill would do just that and dedicate the revenue generated from this windfall profits adjustment to help working families and small business owners with their heating oil costs this winter.  If they are not going to put more money into providing more energy for us, then the Windfall Oil Profits For Heating Assistance Act of 2000 would impose a 100 percent assessment on windfall profits from the sale of crude oil. My legislation builds on the current investigation by the Federal Trade Commission, a well deserved investigation into the pricing and profits of the oil industry.  My bill requires the Federal Trade Commission to expand this investigation to determine if the oil industry is reaping windfall profits.  The revenue collected from windfall oil industry profits, under my legislation, would be dedicated to two separate accounts in the Treasury for the following: 75 percent of the revenues to fund heating assistance programs for consumers such as the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP), weatherization and other energy efficiency programs; and 25 percent of the revenues to fund heating assistance programs for small business owners.  American consumers and small business owners continue to pay sky-high gasoline prices and home heating oil costs are expected to hit an all-time high this winter while U.S. oil corporations reap more record profits. We ought to restore some basic fairness to the marketplace. It is time for Congress to transfer the windfall profits from Big Oil to fund heating oil assistance for working families.  If big oil executives say: But we need these profits so we can continue our exploration, we can continue to increase refineries--then let them spend the money for that. If they are actually spending the money for that, it is not a problem. But they want to have it both ways: They want to have a shortage, they want to force up the price, they want to have a windfall profit, and they want to stick it in their pocket and they don't want to do anything to help the consumer. If they are unwilling to help the consumer, the Congress ought to stand up and help the consumer.  I ask unanimous consent the text of the bill be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks and the bill be appropriately referred.  