President, I am pleased that the Senate is voting on final passage of S. 768, the Military and Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act. I have worked on this issue for some time now and believe that the Congress should promptly move forward with this important legislation.  Specifically, in the last Congress, I originally introduced most of the provisions in this bill as part of the comprehensive crime bill, S. 2484, the Safe Schools, Safe Streets and Secure Borders Act of 1998. On the first day of this Congress, I again included these provisions in S. 9, the Safe Schools, Safe Streets and Secure Borders Act of 1999. Last year, I was pleased to join Senators Sessions and DeWine in supporting the Sessions-Leahy-DeWine substitute amendment to S. 768, which was reported favorably by the Senate Judiciary Committee and then passed unanimously by the Senate on July 1, 1999, over a year ago. The bill then sat in a House subcommittee for almost one year until the House of Representatives finally took action in late July, 2000 to consider and pass an amended version of S. 768.  S. 768 closes a gap in federal law that has existed for many years and permitted individuals who accompanied military personnel overseas to ``get away with murder.'' Foreign nations often have no interest in vindicating crimes against American servicemen stationed overseas, particularly when committed by Americans, The lack of Federal jurisdiction over such crimes has allowed the perpetrators to go unpunished. This bill establishes authority for, and sets up procedures to implement the exercise of, Federal jurisdiction over felony crimes committed by certain people overseas.  I had some concerns with certain aspects of S. 768, as originally introduced, and worked to address those concerns and improve the bill in the Sessions-Leahy-DeWine substitute amendment. For example, the original bill would have extended court-martial jurisdiction over DOD employees and contractors whenever they accompanied our Armed Forces overseas. I was concerned that this extension of court-martial jurisdiction ran afoul of the Supreme Court's decisions in Reid v. Covert, 354 U.S. 1 (1957), Kinsella v. Singleton, 361 U.S. 234 (1960) and Toth v. Quarles, 350 U.S. 11 (1955). Those rulings made clear that court-martial jurisdiction may not be constitutionally applied to crimes committed in peacetime by persons accompanying the armed forces overseas, or to crimes committed by a former member of the armed services.  We made progress in the Sessions--Leahy-DeWine substitute amendment passed by the Senate to limit the proposed extension of court-martial jurisdiction to DOD employees and contractors, and ensure its application only in times when the armed forces are engaged in ``contingency operation'' involving a war or national emergency declared by the Congress or the President. While his correction would, in my view, have comported with the Supreme Court rulings on this issue and cured any constitutional infirmity with the original language, I appreciate the action of the House to remove altogether this section of the bill, which had originally given me concern.  In addition, the original bill contained a provision that would have deemed any delay in bringing a person before a magistrate due to transporting the person back to the U.S. from overseas as ``justifiable.'' I was concerned that this provision could end up excusing lengthy and unreasonable delays in getting a civilian, who was arrested overseas, before a U.S. Magistrate, and thereby raise due process and other constitutional concerns.  The Sessions-Leahy-DeWine substitute cured that potential problem by eliminating the ``justifiable'' delay provision in the original bill. Thus, the general standard from Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 5 about avoiding unnecessary delays in bringing an arrested person before a magistrate would apply to the removal of a civilian from overseas to answer charges in the United States.  The House has made further improvements to the removal and detention procedures in the bill, and I support them. In particular, the House has clarified the procedures necessary to protect the rights of the accused in both removal and detention hearings, and to facilitate and expedite the conduct of initial appearances by the accused before federal magistrate judges.  Finally, S. 768 as introduced authorized the Department of Defense to determine which foreign officials constitute the appropriate authorities to whom an arrested civilian should be delivered. I urged that DOD make this determination in consultation with the Department of State, and the Sessions-Leahy-DeWine substitute amendment adopted such a consultation requirement. I am pleased that the House maintained this part of the substitute amendment in House-passed version of the legislation and requires consultation with the Department of State.  The inaction of the Congress on closing the jurisdictional gap that has existed over the criminal actions of civilian on military installations overseas has been the source of terrible injustice. For example, most recently the Second Circuit Court of Appeals was compelled to reverse a conviction and dismiss an indictment of sexual abuse of a minor committed by a civilian at a military base in Germany. The Court took the ``unusual step of directing the Clerk of the court to forward a copy this opinion'' to the relevant Committees of the Congress. We have gotten our wake-up call and should waste no more time to send this legislation to the President.  