President, this week marks the 20th anniversary of our observance of National Crime Victims' Rights Week. This is a week that we set aside each year to honor and commemorate the victims of crime and those who serve them. It is appropriate to take this time to discuss the unmet needs of victims in our Nation's criminal justice system.  Tremendous strides have been made in these past 20 years toward ensuring better and more comprehensive rights and services for victims of crime. Today, there are over 30,000 laws nationwide that define and protect victims' rights, as well as over 10,000 national, State, and local organizations that provide assistance to people who have been hurt by crime. This is substantial progress, but there is still more to be done.  My involvement with crime victims' rights began more than three decades ago when I served as State's Attorney for Chittenden County, Vermont, and witnessed first-hand the devastation of crime. I have worked ever since to ensure that the criminal justice system is one that respects the rights and dignity of victims of crime and domestic violence, rather than one that presents additional ordeals for those already victimized.  I am proud that Congress has been a significant part of the solution to provide victims with greater rights and assistance. During the last two decades, Congress has passed several bills to this end. These bills have included:  The Victims and Witness Protection Act of 1982;  The Victims of Crime Act of 1984;  The Victims' Rights and Restitution Act of 1990;  The Violence Against Women Act of 1994;  The Mandatory Victims' Restitution Act of 1996;  The Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act of 1996;  The Victim Rights Clarification Act of 1997;  The Crime Victims with Disabilities Awareness Act of 1998; and  The Torture Victims Relief Act of 1998.  It is because of my continuing commitment to protecting the rights of victims that I joined with Senator Kennedy to introduce the Crime Victims Assistance Act, S. 934, and its predecessor in the 105th Congress. This legislation offers full-scale reform of Federal rules and Federal law to establish stronger rights and protections for victims of Federal crime. This legislation further proposes to assist victims of State crime through the infusion of additional resources to make the criminal justice system more supporting of crime victims. In addition, this legislation would improve the capacity of the Office for Victims of Crime to provide more immediate and effective assistance to Americans who are victims of terrorism abroad.  The Crime Victims Assistance Act would improve the lot of victims throughout the country. Unfortunately, it appears that in this Congress, as in the last, we will not take the simple and important step of enacting this legislation. Instead, the Judiciary Committee has focused on proposals to amend the United States Constitution. Such action is ill-advised and a constitutional amendment is unnecessary. I regret that for the last several years the pace of crime victim legislation has slowed dramatically. I have grave reservations about proceeding first to amend the Constitution and only then to design and enact the legislation that could help crime victims. To help victims we must act on legislation like the Crime Victims Assistance Act and we should be doing so without further delay.  While the Crime Victims Assistance Act is central to a package of victim assistance legislation, it does not stand alone. There is so much that we could be doing to help victims, none of which requires an amendment to the Constitution. If we truly want to help victims we should, for example, re-authorize the Violence Against Women Act. A bill to reauthorize those programs has been pending without action for too long. It contains over $3.7 billion dollars in funding over five years, funding that primarily goes to State and local programs that desperately need assistance.  Just yesterday, the Office of Justice Programs announced that Women Helping Battered Women in Burlington, Vermont, will be receiving $249,043 under the Rural Domestic Violence and Child Victimization Enforcement Program--a VAWA program that I initiated. Earlier this month, the Vermont Center for Crime Victim Services received an award of $799,534 under the same program. This program, and other VAWA programs, meet the true and immediate needs of victims in every State. By contrast, the proposed constitutional amendment is a political gimmick, which promises much but fails to define real rights or provide real remedies or assistance.  We must also do more for victims of hate crimes by passing the Hate Crimes Prevention Act. This legislation amends the Federal hate crimes statute to make it easier for federal law enforcement officials to investigate and prosecute cases of racial and religious violence. It also focuses the attention and resources of the Federal Government on the problem of hate crimes committed against people because of their sexual orientation, gender, or disability. The Senate approved this legislation last summer as part of the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill, but it was dropped before final passage. We should pass it now, without further delay.  With a simple majority of both Houses of Congress we can pass the Crime Victims Assistance Act, which should have been enacted three years ago; we can re-authorize the Violence Against Women Act; we can pass the Hate Crimes Prevention Act. These laws can make a difference today inthe lives of crime victims throughout the country. There would be no need to achieve super-majorities in both Houses of Congress, no need to await ratification efforts among the States and no need to go through the ensuing process of enacting implementing legislation.  I regret that we did not do more for victims last year or the year before. Over the course of that time, I have noted my concern that we not dissipate the progress we could be making by focusing exclusively on efforts to amend the Constitution. Regretfully, I must note that the pace of victims legislation has slowed noticeably and many opportunities for progress have been squandered.  I look forward to continuing to work with the Administration, victims groups, prosecutors, judges and other interested parties on how we can most effectively enhance the rights of victims of crime. Congress and State legislatures have become more sensitive to crime victims rights over the past 20 years and we have a golden opportunity to make additional, significant progress this year to provide the greater voice and rights that crime victims deserve.  I want to take this opportunity to commend all those who work so hard every day to assist victims of crime and to prevent others from becoming victims of crime. That is something I try to do every year and, in particular, during Crime Victims Rights Week. In preparing to do so again this year I was disappointed to see that no other Senator has yet recognized Crime Victims Rights week.  On behalf of Senators Kennedy, Sarbanes, Kerry, Harkin, Murray, Feingold, and Robb, I am today filing a substitute amendment to our bill. In spite of the Judiciary Committee's lack of attention to these matters, we have continued to work on them, think about them and to improve the bill. I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the substitute amendment and a section-by-section summary be printed in the Record.  