President, I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Kentucky for his gracious comments.  I am very pleased to join my friend from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, who as chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee has done a superb job getting this bill to the floor.  The Appropriations Committee reported this bill on May 9 after very little debate. The fact that it sailed through our committee was a reflection of the bipartisan way the bill was put together. We did everything possible to accommodate the wishes of Senators on both sides of the aisle.  This bill is $780 million above last year's Senate foreign operations bill. We increased funding for global health programs, which many Senators support.  We increased export assistance. We increased funding for a number of other important programs. That is the good news. But this bill is $350 million below last year's enacted level, and $1.7 billion below the President's 2001 budget request.  We were not able to fully fund several programs that have broad support, such as the Peace Corps, but I expect that more will be done in the conference committee.  The bill also does not respond adequately to the emergency disaster needs in Mozambique, which was devastated by floods earlier this year. We provided only $25 million out of a request of $193 million. I cannot help but compare the billions we have spent to relieve the suffering of people in Bosnia and Kosovo, with our minuscule aid to Southern Africa.  The bill provides only $75 million of the $435 million in emergency supplemental and fiscal year 2001 funding for debt relief for the poorest countries, which has bipartisan support in both the House and Senate. This is an international initiative led by the United States. We need to do our share.  We also fell short on the International Development Association, the soft-loan window of the World Bank. We are about $85 million short.  I have some real concerns about the way the World Bank is handling staff complaints of misconduct, such as harassment and retaliation.  I am preparing some proposals for the World Bank to address these problems.  Several Senators, both Democrats and Republicans, have written to me urging more funding for the Global Environment Facility, which supports programs to protect the ozone, reduce ocean pollution, and protect biodiversity. We were only able to provide $50 million, out of a request of $175 million.  Some have complained that the GEF is funding the Kyoto Protocol. Those critics owe it to the GEF to specify which activities they oppose, rather than making vague objections that are not based on facts. We need to find common ground on addressing these critical environmental problems.  Finally, I want to address the emergency funding for Colombia, which was attached to this bill in the committee. I want to help Colombia, which is facing threats from left-wing guerrillas, right-wing paramilitaries, and drug traffickers allied with both.  I also have a lot of respect for Colombia's President Pastrana. We are already giving hundreds of millions of dollars to Colombia.  But I cannot endorse a proposal that would vastly increase our military involvement in Colombia that is so poorly thought out and suffers from so many unanswered questions.  Although the administration does not like to talk about it, this is only the first billion-dollar installment of a multiyear, open-ended commitment of many more billions of dollars.  Nobody can say what they expect this to cost, what we can expect to achieve, in what period of time, how intensifying a war that cannot be won will lead to peace, or what the risks are to hundreds of American military and civilian personnel in Colombia or to Colombian civilians. I have asked the Administration these questions, but their answers are vague at best.  Even the goal is vague. If it is to stop the flow of illegal drugs into the United States, that is wishful thinking. If it is to defeat the guerrillas, this is not the way to do it. I think the American people deserve better answers before we spend billions of their tax dollars on another civil war in South America.  Having said that, I very much appreciate Chairman McConnell's willingness to include a number of conditions on the aid, which have strong bipartisan support. If this Colombia aid passes, these human rights conditions and reporting requirements are essential to ensure that the aid is not misused and that human rights are protected.  As with many other appropriations bills, we are going to need to get a higher allocation if the President is going to sign this bill. But as the Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Stevens, has said, this is one step in the process. I believe it is a good start and that we should pass this bill. There is no reason why we cannot wrap it up very quickly.  With the distinguished chairman on the floor, I tell him that on my side of the aisle, I urge anybody who has amendments to get them over here and let us try to wrap it up in the morning so that by early tomorrow afternoon we can go on to a different bill.  I yield the floor.  