President, there is an interesting precedent being set as the Senate considers adopting Aimee's law as part of the conference report on the Sex Trafficking Act. The supporters of Aimee's law argue that states have a financial responsibility regarding the protection, or lack of protection, offered by state law.  I have expressed my concerns about Aimee's law and I want to put my colleagues on notice. If Congress and the President determine that this Act will become law, there are important ramifications that should be reflected in future legislation on many issues.  For example, the application of the Aimee's law standard to state responsibility should also be applied to pollution and waste that also crosses state borders. I think it will be interesting to see in the future whether supporters of Aimee's law will also support efforts to make states responsible for air pollution that is generated in their states but falls downwind on other states to damage the environment and endanger the health of children and individuals who suffer from asthma.  My colleagues in the Northeast will all recognize this issue--we are collectively suffering from the damage inflicted on our forests, waterways, and public health every day by the tons of uncontrolled pollution emitted from power plants in the midwest. In 1997, out of the 12,000,000 tons of acid-rain causing sulfur dioxide emitted by the United States, Vermont was the source of only ten--or 0.00008%. Yet my state suffers disproportionately from the ecological and financial damage of acid rain, from stricken sugar maple trees to fishless lakes and streams. Vermont, like many other New England states, spends significant funds to test fish for mercury and issue fish advisories when levels are too high--mercury that also has its source at uncontrolled midwestern plants. All of our hospitals also spend money for tests for respiratory problems for children exposed to ozone-thick air, air that drifts into Vermont from the urban centers to the south and west.  I would like to put the Senate on notice that when the Senate considers any amendments to the Clean Air Act, I will consider offering an amendment that will hold states responsible for the cost of the pollution they generate and which falls downwind. It will be interesting to see whether the supporters of the logic behind Aimee's law will support a Federal Government mandate that Vermont be paid by midwestern states for every ton of uncontrolled pollution that crosses into our state and results in costs to our environment and our citizens.  I provide this background to highlight the underlying problems with Aimee's law. While done with the best of intentions, the solution achieved with this provision is on questionable constitutional ground and has the potential to set a precedent that will have far reaching implications for many issues Congress will address in the future. 