President, today I rise to introduce a resolution on behalf of myself and Senator Jeffords to commemorate 200 years of quality higher education at nationally acclaimed Middlebury College located in Middlebury, Vermont.  In the fall of 1800, a group of distinguished Vermonters petitioned the Vermont General Assembly for the establishment of a new institution of higher education in the small agricultural town of Middlebury. On November 1, 1800 these efforts proved successful when the Vermont General Assembly adopted a law to establish a college in Middlebury. Less than one week after receiving its charter, Middlebury College opened its doors to seven students and one professor in space at the local grammar school.  Over the last two centuries, Middlebury College has evolved from one of the first colleges in Vermont into one of the most respected liberal arts colleges in the Nation. Today, Middlebury has more than two thousand students, almost two hundred professors, and a main campus of over 250 acres. The campus of was first built beginning in 1810 with three larger stone buildings, each sharing a unique architectural style. On May 19, 2000, the United States Postal Service issued postcards to commemorate the Old Stone Row and the first buildings of the Middlebury College campus.  In recognition of 200 years of educating students from across this country and the world, the Middlebury College Bicentennial Planning Commission has designed Celebration 2000 to commemorate this milestone in Vermont's and the Nation's educational history. The year-long bicentennial celebration honors the people and events that have made and continue to make Middlebury College a leader in higher education. Celebration 2000 features concerts, plays, and symposia, both on campus and at additional locations such as the New York Public Library, and the dedication of a new science building, Bicentennial Hall, with an exterior that resembles the Old Stone row and the school's early architectural history. This year-long celebration will culminate later this fall during Founders' Week, a series of events on campus during the first week of November.  Mr. President, I am pleased to offer this resolution to commend and congratulate Middlebury College on the completion of its first two hundred years of educational excellence. I hope my colleagues will join Senator Jeffords and me in honoring the contributions of the school, its students and its alumni.  