President, four out of seven recent reversals were decisions written by either a Reagan or Bush appointee from the Ninth Circuit. Somehow it wasn't brought out on the other side.  As far as showing fairness, even for Clarence Thomas, who had a tie vote, with Republicans and Democrats voting against him in the Senate Judiciary Committee, the Democrats, being in charge of the Senate, still allowed him to come forward for a vote even though normally that would have killed it.  The circuits should not all be the same. Different circuits have different attitudes. They come from different parts of the country. If they were to be all the same, we might as well just have one big circuit for the whole country. The Second Circuit is different from the Third Circuit. The Third is different from the Fifth, and so on.  I remind my friends on the other side, if we are going to have a litmus test for a circuit, let us understand what this means when applied to the Fourth Circuit. That is the most conservative and activist in the country. Ironically enough, we forget the fact the very conservative circuit can be a very activist circuit. Nobody would deny it is one of the most activist circuits in the country, rewriting legislation willy-nilly.  If the argument is accepted from the other side, then no nominee other than one with a more liberal judicial philosophy should be confirmed in the foreseeable future to the Fourth Circuit. I am not trying to make that argument. But if you follow their argument, that is the case.  Mr. President, I thank the Majority Leader for bringing this matter to a vote. After two years, it is time to vote on the nomination of Marsha Berzon. She is one of the most qualified nominees I have seen in 25 years, and Senator Hatch has agreed with that assessment publically. He voted for her in the Judiciary Committee.  Marsha Berzon is an outstanding nominee. Her legal skills are outstanding, her practice and productivity have been extraordinary. Lawyers against whom she has litigated regard her as highly qualified for the bench. She was first nominated in January 1998, some 26 months ago. By all accounts, she is an exceptional lawyer with extensive appellate experience, including a number of cases heard by the Supreme Court. She has the strong support of both California Senators and a well-qualified rating from the American Bar Association.  She was initially nominated in January 1998. She participated in an extensive two-part confirmation hearing before the Committee back on July 30, 1998. Thereafter she received a number of sets of written questions from a number of Senators and responded in August, two years ago. A second round of written questions was sent and she responded by the middle of September, two years ago. Despite the efforts of Senator Feinstein, Senator Kennedy, Senator Specter and myself to have her considered by the Committee, she was not included on an agenda and not voted on during all of 1998. Her nomination was returned to the President without action by the Committee or the Senate in October 1998.  The President renominated Ms. Berzon in January 1999. She participated in her second confirmation hearing in June, was sent additional sets of written questions, responded and got and answered another round. I do not know why those questions were not asked in 1998.  Finally, on July 1, 1999, almost eight months ago, the Committee considered the nomination and agreed to report it to the Senate favorably. After more than two years the Senate will, at long last, vote on the nomination. Senators who find some reason to oppose this exceptionally qualified woman lawyer can vote against her if they choose, but she will finally be accorded an up or down vote. That is what I have been asking for and that is what fairness demands.  Senator Hatch was right two years ago when he called for an end to the political game that has infected the confirmation process. These are real people whose lives are affected. Marsha Berzon has been held hostage for 26 months, not knowing what to make of her private practice or when the Senate will deem it appropriate finally to vote on her nomination.  Last fall I received a Resolution from the National Association of Women Judges. The NAWJ urged expeditious action on nominations to federal judicial vacancies. The President of the Women Judges, Judge Mary Schroeder, is right when she cautions that ``few first-rate potential nominees will be willing to endure such a tortured process'' and the country will pay a high price for driving away outstanding candidates to fill these important positions. The Resolution notes the scores of continuing vacancies with highly qualified women and men nominees and the nonpartisan study of delays in the confirmation process, and even more extensive delays for women nominees, found by the Task Force on Judicial Selection formed by Citizens for Independent Courts. The Resolution notes that such delay ``is costly and unfair to litigants and the individual nominees and their families whose lives and career are on hold for the duration of the protracted process.'' In conclusion, the National Association of Women Judges ``urges the Senate of the United States to bring the pending nominations for the federal judiciary to an expeditious vote so that those who have been nominated can get on with their lives and these vacancies can be filled.'' We received that Resolution in October 1999 and I included it in the Record at that time--October 1999.  There are judicial emergencies vacancies all over the country. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals has had to declare that entire Circuit in an emergency. Its workload has gone up 65 percent in the last 9 years; but they are being forced to operate with almost one-quarter of their bench vacant despite highly qualified nominees having been sent to the Senate by the President.  Continuing dilatory practices demeans the Senate, itself. I have great respect for this institution and its traditions. Still, I must say that the use of secret holds for extended periods that doom a nomination from ever being considered by the United States Senate is wrong and unfair and beneath us. After four years with respect to Judge Paez and two years with respect to Marsha Berzon, it is time for the Senate to vote up-or-down on these nominations. I, again, ask the Senate to be fair to these judicial nominees and all nominees. For the last few years the Senate has allowed one or two or three secret holds to stop judicial nominations from even getting a vote. That is wrong.  The Washington Post noted last year:       [T]he Constitution does not make the Senate's role in the      confirmation process optional, and the Senate ends up      abdicating responsibility when the majority leader denies      nominees a timely vote. All the nominees awaiting floor votes      * * * should receive them immediately.  The Florida Sun-Sentinel has written:       The ``Big Stall'' in the U.S. Senate continues, as senators      work slower and slower each year in confirming badly needed      federal judges. * * * This worsening process is inexcusable,      bordering on malfeasance in office, especially given the      urgent need to fill vacancies on a badly undermanned federal      bench. * * * The stalling, in many cases, is nothing more      than a partisan political dirty trick.  Nominees deserve to be treated with dignity and dispatch--not delayed for two or three or four years.  Acting to fill judicial vacancies is a constitutional duty that the Senate--and all of its members--are obligated to fulfill. In its unprecedented slowdown in the handling of nominees since the 104th Congress, the Senate is shirking its duty. That is wrong and should end.  Today the New York Times included an editorial entitled ``Ending a Judicial Blockade'' in which it notes: ``The quality of justice suffers when the Senate misconstrues its constitutional role to advise and consent as a license to wage ideological warfare and procrastinate in hopes that a new president might submit other nominees.''  In 1992, a Democratic majority in the Senate acted to confirm 66 judicial nominations for a Republican President in his last year in office. With the confirmations of Judge Paez and Marsha Berzon to the Ninth Circuit today, this Senate will have confirmed only seven judicial nominations so far this year. I look forward, at long last, to the confirmation of Marsha Berzon and ask other Senators to join with me to work to confirm many, many more qualified nominees to the federal vacancies around the country in the weeks ahead this year.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  