     It is by retreating from the principles that the flag stands      for. And that will do more damage to the fabric of our nation      than 1,000 torched flags could ever do. . . . History and      future generations will judge us harshly, as they should, if      we permit those who would defile our flag to hoodwink us into      also defiling our Constitution.  We should not adopt a proposal that will whittle away at the first amendment for the first time in our history. We act here as stewards of the Constitution, guardians and trustees of a precious legacy. The truly precious part of that legacy does not lie in outward things--in monuments or statues or flags. All that those tangible things can do is remind us of what is precious--our liberty.  Our Constitution guards our freedoms and the first amendment is the marble of our democracy; it is the bedrock of our rights and constitutional protections. It guarantees the freedom of religion--the freedom to practice a religion or not to practice a religion, as you believe. It guarantees our freedom of speech. By doing that, it guarantees diversity. If you guarantee diversity, you guarantee democracy. Our bill of rights has been doing that for over 200 years. We are the envy of the world because of the way we protect our freedoms.  Look at all the other countries, countries that have not achieved and will not achieve greatness because they stifle dissent, because they do not allow freedom of expression.  If, God forbid, some natural disaster or terrorist act swept away all the monuments of this country, the Republic would survive just as strong as ever. But if some failure of our souls were to sweep away the ideals of Washington, Jefferson and Lincoln, then not all the stone, not all the marble, not all the flags in the world would restore our greatness. Instead, they would be mocking reminders of what we had lost.  I trust this Senate will uphold the Constitution and the first amendment. I trust this Senate will uphold the lessons of history. I trust this Senate will tell the founders of this Nation, when they wrote the bill of rights, they gave us a precious gift that we would hold unchanged throughout our lives and the lives of our children and the lives of our grandchildren, because that is the way we honor our country.  That is the way we honor the sacrifices of so many millions who protected our freedoms throughout the years.  Mr. President, do I still have time?  