President, I want to underscore what I have said, what the distinguished Senator from California has said, and what others have said in support of the Paez and Berzon nominations.  Judge Paez has waited more than 4 years to have his nomination heard on this floor--4 years--notwithstanding the fact that he has the highest rating the American Bar Association can give a nominee. He has one of the most distinguished records of any nominee, Republican or Democrat, to come before this body since I have been here.  Similarly, Ms. Berzon has waited for more than 2 years, an unconscionable period of time--again, a woman with an extraordinary background and the highest of ratings from the American Bar Association.  They have for some reason been held to a higher standard than most judicial nominees. I do not recall a situation where a nominee has had to go through these kinds of hoops to get here and have an up or down vote.  Again, I compliment the majority leader and the Democratic leader for helping us put together a successful cloture petition on each of these nominations. We have now 85 or 86 votes to move forward.  I hope the Senate will not shame itself by taking the unprecedented step tomorrow of moving to postpone indefinitely either of these extraordinary nominees. It is a fact that one can make a motion to suspend or indefinitely--that is true--or to indefinitely postpone. One can make such a motion. But it would be unprecedented for a judicial nominee. We have asked informally and I have asked the presiding officer and through him the parliamentarian and no precedent for such a motion against a judicial nomination following cloture has been provided.  I defy anybody to point out, certainly in my lifetime--as I said earlier, I am 59 years old--to point out in my lifetime where a judicial nominee has gone through the extraordinary hoops of multiple nominations hearings, being reported favorably twice, having a nomination have to be resubmitted by the President Congress after Congress, being forced to wait more than 4 years to be debated, getting past a filibuster, invoking cloture with 85 or 86 votes--an overwhelming majority of the Senate--and then having a motion to indefinitely postpone, in effect, to kill the nomination.  It would shame the Senate, No. 1, to even bring up such a motion, but certainly to allow such a motion to be successful with a nominee who has been waiting for 4 years, notwithstanding the fact that this is a person who is one of the most extraordinary Hispanic American jurists we have ever seen, who has the highest rating, who is backed by everybody from law enforcement to litigators. Judge Paez has been forced to go through these extraordinary hoops and his nomination is poised, finally, for debate and a fair up or down vote. To have somebody take this unprecedented and shameful step of asking us to indefinitely postpone Senate approval of this nomination is, in effect, a procedural device to deny that up or down vote and kill this nomination.  The same with Marsha Berzon: This extraordinary woman, reaching thepinnacle of her legal career, having earned success every step along the way, having earned the highest possible rating from the American Bar Association, comes here, has to undergo an extraordinary ordeal and this long wait, has to go through the unusual step of a cloture motion and our prevailing with 85 votes. Then for the Senate to say to her: But now we are going to do something that has never been done before to a judicial nominee who has gotten past cloture: We are going to move to indefinitely postpone. That is not right.  