Mr. President, I wish to start by acknowledging the outstanding statements that were made during the course of yesterday's debate. Senators Dorgan, Feingold, Schumer, Durbin, Moynihan, and Thompson each made a significant contribution to this debate. I thank them for sharing their views on the Constitution.  Before we go on in this debate, and before we get to the actual vote on the motion to proceed, I want to mention a couple issues that need to be considered:  One, who is a victim for purposes of the proposed constitutional amendment, and secondly, what does the amendment mean to prosecutions?  We asked the Congressional Research Service. This is what they said:       [S.J. Res. 3 leaves] to another day the definition of      ``victim'' for purposes of the amendment. . . . It is yet      unclear whether S.J. Res. 3 . . . will wipe the slate clean      or simply supplement existing law and whether it will trump      conflicting defendant constitutional rights or if the need to      accommodate both will in rare instances preclude prosecution      in order to avoid conflict.  Think about that. CRS says under this amendment there are times when one might not be able to prosecute at all because of a conflict in its wording.  I do not know how stopping a prosecution with this amendment helps a victim in any way, shape, or manner.  What I wish instead is for those who share the concerns as I do for the victims of crime to join with me in finding a way to achieve progress without damaging our Constitution. I hope that even the most ardent proponents of this proposed constitutional change will try to find the best language possible. As Senator Torricelli said during debate on the so-called balanced budget amendment in 1997: ``Good is simply not good enough when we are amending the Constitution of the United States.'' I agree. Constitutional amendments should be held to a much higher standard than simply what is good.  Every one of us begins a Congress by swearing that we ``will support and defend the Constitution and bear true faith and allegiance to the same.'' We are honored by the constituents of our States. They allow us to serve here. We have that duty, if they allow us to serve, to honor and defend the Constitution.  But the oath does more than that. It recognizes our obligation to the great constitutional tradition of the United States and for those who forged this wonderful document. Our oath recognizes our responsibility to those who sacrificed to protect and defend our Constitution, but it is also our legacy to those who will succeed us.  No Member of this body owns a seat in the Senate. One-hundred of us are privileged to represent 250 million Americans. In days and years to come, others will take our places. Not only do we have to honor the commitment of those who put us here now, but we have to make sure we preserve the legacy for those who come after us.  I am afraid, as we see more and more constitutional amendments come down the pike--we have had 11,000 proposed since this country began--that we run the risk of our Constitution, which has served this Nation so well for over 200 years, being treated by the Senate as a rough draft rather than as the fundamental charter of this great and good Nation.  Over the last 6 years, this institution, the Senate, has been acting as though the Constitution is no longer serviceable, as though it needs some kind of major overhaul, as if we fortunate few who have been chosen to represent the people of our States since coming to Washington have acquired some special wisdom that makes us smarter than all the patriots and all the public servants who preceded us and wiser than the legislatures of all of our States, and certainly more knowledgeable than the founders of this Nation.  In 1995, the Senate debated and rejected three proposed constitutional amendments--H.J. Res. 1 on budgeting, S.J. Res. 21 on congressional term limits, on which cloture was immediately filed but was not invoked, and S.J. Res. 31 regarding the flag. Since that time, the Senate Judiciary Committee has continued to report proposed amendments at a record clip, and the Senate has been called upon to reaffirm its rejection of a proposed constitutional amendment on budgeting and to debate and vote on a proposed constitutional amendment on campaign finance.  Last year, the Senate devoted several weeks to an event of truly constitutional magnitude. That was the impeachment trial of the President. This year the pace of constitutional proposals has accelerated again. This is the third proposal to amend the Constitution that the Senate has been asked to debate in the last 30 days alone--the third constitutional amendment in the last 30 days. We could turn ourselves into another country, as referred to on this floor yesterday when the distinguished senior Senator from New York said that country's constitution changes so rapidly that the libraries should find it under periodicals.  In 1995, when he was to cast the decisive vote against a constitutional amendment on budgeting, Senator Mark Hatfield of Oregon came to the Senate floor to explain how he would vote. My dear friend of over 20 years said:       The debate on the balanced budget amendment is not about      reducing the budget deficit, it is about amending the      Constitution of the United States with a procedural gimmick.      . . . As I stated during the debate on a balanced budget      amendment last year, a vote for this balanced budget      amendment is not a vote for a balanced budget, it is a vote      for a fig leaf.  Then Senator Hatfield concluded by saying:       Voting for a balanced budget amendment is easy, working to      balance the budget will not be. The Congress should not      promise to the people that it will balance the Federal budget      through a procedural gimmick. If the Congress has the      political will to balance the budget, it should simply use      the power that it already has to do so. There is no      substitute for political will and there never will be.  My friend from Oregon was right. But the same could be said about crime victims' rights. Supporting a crime victims' rights constitutional amendment is easy, but working to ensure that crime victims are afforded their rights and that the protective provisions of law are implemented, that is something else again. That takes real effort. It takes on-the-ground implementation and the dedication of the necessary resources and effort.  We have had profiles in courage on constitutional amendments on this floor. Last month, the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, Senator Robert C. Byrd, showed courage and commitment to constitutional principles when he voted against S.J. Res. 14, a constitutional amendment regarding the flag. I was fortunate to be present during his extraordinary statement on March 29. During that statement he counseled the Senate, but he also counseled the Nation on how to approach proposals to amend the Constitution.  I said then that his statement was a great history lesson and example of political courage because Senator Byrd was reconsidering his vote. I must admit, much as I enjoyed his observations, much as I learned from them, I did not know they would be so instructive again so soon.  With respect to this proposed constitutional amendment on crime victims' rights, there is an open secret in this body; and that is, a number of Senators have begun conceding privately, many over the last several weeks, that they have personal misgivings about voting for this proposed amendment. They know that it is not necessary. They know that it does not meet the standard of Article V of the Constitution to justify constitutional amendments. It is not that necessary amendment of which Article V speaks.  Some of these Senators, people I respect greatly, on both sides of the aisle, admit they joined as cosponsors because it is popular, because there seemed little reason not to, or because another one of the sponsors had persistently urged them to do so.  But as one who has served a long time, as one who has certainly made his share of mistakes in votes or positions, but as one who has had the privilege to vote on this floor more than 10,000 times, I say to each of those Senators, including those who cosponsor this proposed constitutional amendment, that you have succeeded by your efforts in bringing this matter to debate before Congress. I say this most sincerely to the cosponsors, this debate can result in greater recognition of crime victims' rights. They could do that without amending the Constitution.  I also say, respectfully, that now it is time to debate and to consider that debate and decide how you will vote, whether you are a cosponsor or not, because how each of us votes and how the Senate acts is what is now the question. Each Senator is responsible for his or her own vote. Nobody can tell any one of us how we must or must not vote.  But for each of us, we should understand that if we vote on a constitutional amendment, that is one of the most important responsibilities we will ever exercise as an elected representative. It is a significant factor in the Senate legacy that each of us creates, but it is also what contributes to the lasting legacy of our Constitution.  As Senators--the 100 of us--we are custodians of the Constitution. It is a responsibility we should allow to weigh heavily on our shoulders, not to be exercised lightly. Each of us  should take seriously our responsibility to defend the Constitution.  I have often said that rather than amending the Constitution we should conserve the Constitution. No Senator should rely on 34 others to do the right thing and preserve the Constitution. Senators should cast their votes only for a constitutional amendment that they can wholeheartedly support, that they can honestly say they understand, and whose implementation and impact they are confident they can fully anticipate. I say to my colleagues, with all due respect, very few of us could answer that challenge and vote for this constitutional amendment.  The Constitution is not a bulletin board. It is not an automobile bumper on which to affix currently popular slogans. A vote on a constitutional amendment is not something to be cast blithely. When it comes to amending the Constitution, the popular vote is not necessarily the right vote. The founders of this Nation knew that. That is why they put various hurdles before us to amend the Constitution.  Let us not sacrifice the traditional guarantee against an overreaching Federal Government that our Constitution provides and sacrifice it to a popular siren song. Rather, let us turn to the work needed to be done to provide those rights that crime victims need in the Federal system and provide the incentives for their implementation in the States' criminal justice systems. There is no need for a constitutional amendment to achieve these goals. We can achieve these goals without amending our Constitution.  A constitutional amendment is not like an ordinary statute. A statute you can revisit. You can say next year: We were a little bit wrong in that. Let's redo it. You can tweak it. You can revise it. You can amend it. You can change it. You can repeal it.  It is not so with an amendment to the Constitution. Here we are dealing with something else. This is not a commemorative resolution. This is not one of those things we rush down to the floor and say to somebody: Which amendment is this? Oh. And then voting yes or no. This is a constitutional amendment.  I think if we are going to change the fundamental charter of this great Nation, we ought to step back a little bit, step back from the political passions of the moment. We are debating a constitutional amendment. We are not endorsing the popularity of a notion or a goal.  The Constitution of the United States is a good document. It is not a sacred text. But I would say in a democracy it is as good a law as has ever been written. That is probably why our Constitution is the oldest existing Constitution today. It has survived as the supreme law of this land with very few alterations over the last 200 years.  Just think, more than 11,000 amendments have been proposed--many very popular at the time--but only 27 have been adopted; only 17 since the Bill of Rights was ratified over 200 years ago.  What have we gotten out of this? We have a Constitution that binds this country together rather than pushes it apart. It contains the Great Compromise that allowed small States, such as my State of Vermont, and large States, such as the State of the distinguished Senator from California, to join together in a spirit of mutual accommodation and respect.  I believe the State of Vermont may have had more population when it was admitted than the State of California. How much changes over time. That Great Compromise guaranteed that every State would have a voice in this wonderful body, the Senate, this place I love so much and will miss so greatly when I leave.  The Constitution embodies the protections that make real the pronouncements in our historic Declaration of Independence and give meaning to our inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  These are not just simply words we hear in Fourth of July speeches. These are the words that make up the bedrock of this great Nation.  The Constitution requires due process. It guarantees equal protection of the law. It protects our freedom of thought and expression, our freedom to worship as we want, or not, if we want. It also protects our political freedom. It is the basis for our fundamental right of privacy and for limiting Government's intrusions and burdens in our lives.  The provisions incorporated in the Bill of Rights ensure that Government power is not used unfairly against anyone. These provisions have protected us for over 200 years.  