President, I described this amendment earlier this morning on the floor. But for those who came in late, this is an amendment that Senator Hatch and I offered on the juvenile justice bill. You may recall when we voted on that, the vote was 100-0.  It is a filtering proposal that leaves the solution on how best to protect children from inappropriate online materials accessible on computers in schools and libraries to the local school boards and communities.  Anybody who spends any time on the Internet knows that there is inappropriate material for children on there. And oftentimes you might hit it accidentally.  Having said that, we also know that you should not block out certain online material because somebody thinks that Mark Twain is inappropriate or they may believe that James Joyce is inappropriate, or other such things, or it may be even the paintings on the Sistine Chapel that some may believe are inappropriate because there are nude figures in there. You have to have some kind of balance.  I think that local communities can do that. I know of libraries, for example, that put computers monitors that have Internet access right out in the main reading room. This is one form of blocking because there are not too many children who are going to be downloading wild, offensive things when they know their parents, their teachers, and the librarians are going to be walking back and forth and seeing it.  As I explained earlier today, I have serious concerns with the McCain proposal to require schools and libraries to send certifications to the FCC about their installation of certain blocking software and the risk that the FCC will become a national censorship office, with the responsibility of both policing local enforcement of the Internet access policy and exacting punishment in the form of ordering E-rate discounts to stop and carriers be reimbursed.  The Hatch-Leahy amendment would require large Internet service providers with more than 50,000 subscribers to provide residential customers, either for free or at low cost, software or other filtering systems that can protect them. It is relatively easy to do this.  I would encourage parents, if this passes, to get that software and also spend some time seeing what their children are looking at on the Internet. This requirement on large Internet Service Providers would only become effective if surveys conducted jointly by the FTC and the Department of Justice demonstrate that voluntary efforts are not working.  Senator McCain has worked very hard on this. I commend him for it.  Any one of us who has young children has to worry about this. We also have to worry about what they are reading in the library or what they pick up at the corner bookstore or anything else.  But before we reach a point where we assume we can be the parent of every child in this country, I think we ought to give to the parents the tools to use, and let them make the kind of judgments and show the kind of observation of their children that parents should, and that my parents did and that I do with my children.  I think the reason the Hatch-Leahy amendment passed 100-0 earlier in the juvenile justice bill is because it is a reasonable compromise. It is a reasonable compromise. I hope it will be added on to this bill. I look forward to working with Senator McCain as this bill moves to conference to address the serious concerns I and others have with his proposal.  I yield the floor.  