President, I am pleased that the Senate is finally going to vote this week on the confirmation of Timothy Dyk.  A vote on this nominee has been a long time coming. He was first nominated to a vacancy on the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in April of 1998--over 2 years ago--by some reckonings, in the last century. He had a hearing. He was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee of the Senate in September of 1998. His nomination was left on the Senate calendar that year without any action and eventually was returned to the President, 2 years ago as the 105th Congress adjourned.  Then Mr. Dyk was renominated in January of 1999. He was favorably reported to the Senate floor, again, in October of 1999. For the last 7 months, this nomination has been waiting on the Executive Calendar for Senate action.  Let me just tell you a little bit about Timothy Dyk. He has distinguished himself with a long career of private practice in the District of Columbia. From 1964 to 1999, he worked with Wilmer, Cutler, and Pickering as an associate and then as a partner. Since 1990 he has been with Jones, Day, Reavis, and Pogue as a partner. He has been the chair of its issues and appeals section.  He received his undergraduate degree in 1958 from Harvard College; his law degree from Harvard Law School in 1961. Following law school, he clerked for three U.S. Supreme Court Justices: Justices Reed and Burton, and Chief Justice Warren. He was also a special assistant to the Assistant Attorney General in the Tax Division.  His is a distinguished career. He represented a wide array of clients, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the National Association of Broadcasters, the National Trucking Association, and he has the support of a wide variety of these organizations. We have received strong letters of support for him. Here are some of those who sent in letters saying let's get this man confirmed:  The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Trucking Association, the National Association of Manufacturers, the National Association of Broadcasters, IBM, Gannett, Eastman Kodak, Brush Wellman, Rockwell, LTV Corporation, SkyTel Telecommunications, the Lubrizol Corporation, Ingersoll-Rand, the American Jewish Congress, the Anti-Defamation League, the American Center for Law and Justice, and Trinity Broadcasting Network.  I said many times on the floor that we take far too long to confirm good people. We are wrong and irresponsible to hold people up basically on a whim until we feel like bringing up their names. Nominees deserve to be treated with dignity and dispatch, not delayed for 2 or 3 years. Of course, any Senator can vote as he or she wants, but let's understand the human aspect.  When somebody has gone for their hearings, when they have been voted out of committee, when they are pending in the Senate, their life is on hold until we act. It is unfair, it is unreasonable to tell somebody in a law practice: The good news is the President has nominated you to the Court of Appeals. You will be congratulated by your partners, by your clients, and then they will say: When are you going to be confirmed? If you have to respond: When the Senate gets around to it, that is not a good answer. Vote somebody up or vote somebody down.  This is a man who should have broad, strong bipartisan support, just as the letters of support show broad, strong bipartisan support.  I am glad that Tim Dyk will be voted on for the Federal Circuit. We have worked long and hard to get him the vote to which he is entitled. I worked to have him confirmed in 1998. I worked to have him confirmed in 1999. I am glad that finally, he will be accorded a vote on this long pending nomination.  He and his entire family have much of which to be proud. His legal career has been exemplary. He will make a superb judge.  I know Timothy Dyk. I know him and his wife, both of whom have had long, distinguished careers in the private sector and the public sector. Let's give the country the opportunity to have him join the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals, just as we did late last year with his colleague, Richard Linn. It is time for the Senate to confirm Timothy Dyk to the Federal Circuit.  Mr. President, not seeing anybody on the floor, I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask unanimous consent that it not run against the time of either side.  