This is National Police Week and today was the National Peace Officers' Memorial Service in which we remembered another 139 federal, State and local officers who died in the line of duty. I commend Senator Campbell for introducing S. Res. 247 back in January. I am sorry that the Judiciary Committee did not take it up and report it before today, but am supportive of his efforts and agreed to discharge the Committee, so as not to miss today's activities.  As someone who served in law enforcement for 8 years as the Chittenden County State's Attorney, I respect and admire those who devote their careers to public safety. I took issue with the extreme rhetoric that some have recently used to attack our Federal law enforcement officers who helped return Elian Gonzalez to his father.  For example, one of the Republican leaders in the House of Representatives was quoted as calling the officers of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service, the U.S. Border Patrol, and the U.S. Marshals Service: ``jack-booted thugs.'' And the Republican Mayor of New York City, who is seeking election to this body, called these dedicated public servants: ``storm troopers.'' This extreme rhetoric only serves to degrade federal law enforcement officers in the eyes of the public.  Let none of us in the Congress, or who are seeking to serve in Congress, contribute to an atmosphere of disrespect for law enforcement officers. No matter what your opinion of the law enforcement action in South Florida, we should all agree that these law enforcement officers were following orders and putting their lives on the line, which they do everyday. Let us treat law enforcement officers with the respect that is essential to their preserving the peace and protecting the public.  This harsh rhetoric by Republican public officials reminds me of similar harsh rhetoric used in April 1995, when the NRA sent out a fund-raising letter calling federal law enforcement officers ``jack-booted thugs'' who wear ``Nazi bucket helmets and black storm trooper uniforms.'' President George Bush was correctly outraged by this NRA rhetoric and resigned from the NRA in protest. President Bush wrote to the NRA: ``Your broadside against federal agents deeply offends my own sense of decency and honor.  . . . It indirectly slanders a wide array of government law enforcement officials, who are out there, day and night, laying their lives on the line for all of us.'' I praised President Bush in 1995 for his actions and again recently.  President Bush was right. This harsh rhetoric of calling federal law enforcement officers ``jack-booted thugs'' and ``storm troopers'' should offend our sense of decency and honor. It is highly offensive and did not belong in any public debate on the reunion of Elian Gonzalez with his father, either. We are fortunate to have dedicated women and men throughout Federal law enforcement in this country who do a tremendous job under difficult circumstances. They are examples of the hard-working public servants that make up the federal government, who are too often maligned and unfairly disparaged. These are people with children and parents and friends. They deserve our respect, not personal insults.  In countless incidents across the country everyday, federal law enforcement officers, who are sworn to protect the public and enforce the law, are in danger. These law enforcement officers deserve our thanks and our respect. They do not deserve to be called ``jack-booted thugs'' and ``storm troopers.''  I went to the Senate floor in the wake of those comments to join the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association in condemning these insults against our nation's law enforcement officers. Any public official who used this harsh rhetoric owes our Federal law enforcement officers an apology. I regret that members of the majority party have not followed President Bush's example and, likewise, condemned that extreme rhetoric.  This week is an annual occasion in which we pause to remember the federal, State and local officers who gave their lives in the line of duty over the past year. It is a difficult week and an important week. It should be a productive week, as well.  I said last week at the Judiciary Committee Business Meeting that the Committee should be taking up and reporting S. 2413, the bill that Senator Campbell and I introduced to improve our Bulletproof Vest Grant Partnership Act by reauthorizing the program for another 3 years, raising the annual appropriation to $50 million and guaranteeing to jurisdictions with populations less than 100,000 a fair share of these resources. This program has beenvery helpful in offering federal assistance to help protect State and local officers in concrete ways. It is an extraordinarily successful program and it should be extended and expanded. I thank President Clinton for his support and for calling for enactment of this measure during his remarks at the National Peace Officers' Memorial Service today. I hope that when the Committee meets later this week, Senator Hatch will see fit to include this measure on the agenda and that the Committee will act favorably on it.  In addition, I look forward to enacting additional measures that protect and assist State and local law enforcement. In particular, I was extremely disappointed last year when an anonymous Republican objection prevented S. 521, my bill to improve the Bulletproof Vest Grant Partnership Act, from passing. This bill would allow the Attorney General to waive or reduce the matching fund requirement for assisting poor and rural law enforcement units to provide this life-saving equipment to officers and prevent injury and death. I cannot understand why anyone would want to oppose that effort.  Finally, I am disappointed that the Congress has not taken final action on the Public Medal of Valor Act, S. 39, championed by Senator Stevens. The awarding of a medal for extraordinary valor shown by law enforcement officers every year would be a good way to draw attention to the service provided every day by officers all across this country. That bill passed the Senate a year ago by unanimous consent. I cosponsored the bill along with 28 others. For the past year, the House has not found the time to pass it. Today the President announced that he will explore ways to proceed to honor valor by our public safety officers through executive action if Congress continues to stall action on this bill. I hope that Congress will finally act on S. 39 this week and send it to the President for his signature.  These are just a few of the important legislative matters that the Congress should address to help our federal and state law enforcement officers. We should strive for constructive action rather than half-baked rhetoric.  