President, I want to thank my distinguished colleagues, Senators Baucus and Smith, for their hard work on the Water Resources Development Act of 2000. I am especially grateful for their inclusion of a provision in this bill that will ultimately expand the successful federal, state, and local partnerships restoring the highest water quality in the Lake Champlain watershed.  One project that we could not come to full agreement on before this bill's passage, however, was authorization for the repair of the Waterbury Dam. Our lack of final language was in a large part due to the absence of a final Dam Safety Assurance Program Evaluation Report from the Army Corps of Engineers, a final draft of which was sent to ACE Headquarters for review on August 24, 2000.  The Waterbury Dam was built by the Army Corps of Engineers in 1935 and holds 1.23 billion cubic feet of water in its reservoir. Were the dam to fail, this volume of water would ultimately submerge and destroy the entire corridor of cities and towns downstream in the Winooski River valley. Thousands of lives would be lost. Hundreds of thousands of acres would be completely devastated.  Unfortunately, increasingly serious cracks and seepage in Waterbury Dam's structure were recently discovered and have heightened concerns that the dam could, in fact, fail. The State of Vermont and the Army Corps went into action and drew down the water level to alleviate pressure on the dam. The Corps carried out an assessment this summer to further characterize immediate repair needs. There is strong evidence that these cracks are, in fact, the result of initial design flaws and the Corps work today follows two previous instances--one in 1956-8 and one in 1985--when the Army Corps of Engineers had full authority to make needed dam modifications.  I understand that the Army Corps of Engineers is expediting the review of the Dam Safety Assurance Report for the Waterbury Dam. I am grateful to Senators Smith and Baucus for their understanding that the final report may contain important information relevant for authorization of the project.  I look forward to working with my distinguished colleagues, Senators Smith and Baucus, once the report is finalized and is able to guide our plans for Waterbury Dam repair.  