 Mr. President, the economy is now entering its 107th month of expansion. That is almost 9 years out of the 25 years I have had the pleasure to serve in this Chamber. Not since the 1960s has the economy experienced such an extended period of growth.  A number of Senators have spoken on the floor today to commend Alan Greenspan for his foresight and his quick hand in raising interest rates to keep inflation in check. The actions of Alan Greenspan and the Fed have certainly contributed to our unprecedented growth--growth that has also been sustained by the sound fiscal policies of President Clinton and Congress. I would remind the Congress, that we can also do our part to help the economy by continuing to pay down our national debt.  Today the Fed is meeting again to consider another possible rate hike. The American economy was certainly on fire during the fourth quarter of 1999. Mr. Greenspan and the Fed have hesitated little in hiking rates to nip inflation in the bud. Last year, the Fed raised interest rates three times by a quarter point each--three times over the short span of 6 months. Such vigilance has been one important part of maintaining the unprecedented growth of our economy.  While it might be blasphemy among macroeconomic economists, I would like to take a moment to urge members of the Federal Open Market Committee to consider the disproportionate effect that these hikes have on low and middle income families. As the Fed mulls rate policy as we speak, I would urge Mr. Greenspan to be doubly sure about raising rates when such hikes, while keeping the economy strong to the benefit of wealthy Americans, may also be tying the hands of low and middle income Americans.  Each time the Fed raises interest rates, average Americans are hit by an immediate increase in mortgage costs, car payments, and credit card rates. These payments are a disproportionate burden on lower and middle income Americans.  For the past week we have been debating a reform of our country's bankruptcy laws. During the course of debate, we have talked at length about the rise in credit card debt. By December of 1999, Americans racked up nearly $589 billion in revolving credit debt. This burden is carried primarily by low and middle income families. An increase in interest rates is likely to pinch these individuals and make it more difficult to pay off their debt and save for the future.  I have been contacted by Vermonters who say they are struggling to pay off their debt and save money to buy homes. These Vermonters face a major setback each time the Fed makes the decision to increase interest rates. In its meeting today and in the future, I urge the Federal Reserve to consider the effect of raising rates on these individuals.  With all the praising being done of Chairman Greenspan today, I wish to note there are a number of Vermonters who contacted me who feel quite a bit differently. Nobody doubts a strong economy, an expansive economy. I think much of the credit, frankly, goes to those who, in 1993, were willing to face down the naysayers and take the first step to have a real balanced budget in the Congress. It sent a signal to the financial markets that for the first time, certainly in my lifetime, the Congress was serious about balancing the budget.  During the 1980s we had seen all the lip service paid and the sloganeering about balancing the budget, while during the 1980s we tripled the national debt and ran the biggest deficits of any nation in the history of the world.  In 1993 I heard many voices, actually on the other side of the aisle, saying if we cast these votes to bring about balancing the budget, it would bring about economic collapse. It would bring about staggering unemployment. It would bring about runaway inflation. And it would bring about huge deficits. It did just the opposite. The unemployment rate has dropped, inflation came to a standstill, the economy boomed, the deficits disappeared, and now we have a budget surplus. Many Members of Congress were courageous enough to cast the real votes that might do that--as compared to simply the sloganeering and doing nothing--and many of them lost their place in the House and Senate for doing it, even though they made a better country for all of us and for our children.  I note that because I believe that vote was as significant a part of bringing about the credibility necessary for a strong economy as anything we have done. The expansion of the information technology industries, high tech, and so forth, also were part of it and a steadying influence by Chairman Greenspan and the Fed.  But this idea that one person controls this economy by himself is something that even some who sit here in the Senate cannot say with a straight face. As many Vermonters have told me, when they see interest rates being raised over and over and over again at a time when there is no inflation, when the economy has more and more people coming into the workforce--because every time you have a merger, thousands of people are laid off. They go and seek jobs in other parts of the labor market. We see all these things and question why interest rates go up. The interest rates going up apparently have given a great benefit to the wealthiest of Americans but has done very little for the average man and woman, certainly in my State.  In my State, we have seen oil prices and heating oil costs go up substantially this winter, and now the Fed is about to tell everybody: We are going to raise your interest rates again; we are going to raise your mortgages rates again; we are going to raise the interest rates on your credit cards again. If you are a small business, we are going to raise your costs of doing business again.  I am not sure what is gained by these interest rate hikes. It puts a very heavy burden on those families where the husband and wife are both working and trying to pay the kids' tuition, pay the bills, and pay the mortgage. It certainly puts a heavy burden on small businesses in my State.  It will help some bankers, absolutely. It will help credit card companies, absolutely. It will help some of the wealthiest, absolutely. And maybe there is a plan in here that by helping all of them, some day it may help the people who keep the country going and pay the bills. Possibly.  I share the skepticism of those Vermonters, and I hope when this vote is cast, which I assume will be overwhelming for the reconfirmation of Chairman Greenspan, that he will not take this as some kind of an accolade that nobody disagrees with what he has done; that he will understand there are those who actually have to pay their mortgages, those who do not have millions of dollars, those who do not have six-figure incomes and are hurt by these interest rate hikes; that they are the ones who see no inflation and probably have been laid off from jobs because of mergers and are out seeking another job and are now hit with an extra whammy of paying more for their mortgages, their credit cards, for the things they need.  Some of the thoughts of the Fed that the boom will not continue, that inflation was around the corner has not been proven, and I do not think the steps they are taking are right. That is one person's opinion. Obviously, it is very much a minority opinion but certainly an opinion that is felt strongly by the average man and woman who are earning a weekly salary and paying the bills.  I hope the Fed will look at some of the data they have available to them and understand there are other ways of combating inflation than simply raising interest rates and that the country will realize there are a lot of very courageous people who voted for a balanced budget in 1993. Rather than simply talking about it, all those courageous people who lost their places in Congress for doing that are also the ones who deserve an enormous amount of credit today for the huge economy we have underway.  Mr. President, how much time does the Senator from Vermont have remaining?  