President, I have often expressed my opposition to our anachronistic and self-defeating policy toward Cuba, so I will be very brief. I strongly support this amendment and congratulate the senior Senator from Connecticut, Senator Dodd, who has been the leader on this issue for quite some time.  It is profoundly ironic that the United States is about to lift sanctions against North Korea, where we have 37,000 American troops poised to go to war on a moment's notice, and yet we continue to impose an economic blockade against a tiny island that poses no security threat to the United States.  If the Elian Gonzalez fiasco has taught us anything, it is that Cubans and Americans are far more alike than different, and that the views of the Cuban-American community in Miami are both outdated and at odds with the overwhelming majority of Americans. Of course we abhor the repressive policies of Fidel Castro, but the issue is how best to prepare for the day when he is no longer ruling Cuba. That day is approaching, and the longer we wait to use the intervening period to build closer relations with that island nation, the worse it will be.  This amendment is extremely modest. As Senator Dodd has said, it would normally be adopted on a voice vote. It should be. What is wrong with a commission, representing a wide range of views, to review a policy that has, by any objective standard, failed miserably? It is long overdue.  So Mr. President, I wholeheartedly support this amendment. When I visited Cuba a year ago the Cuban officials I met with repeatedly blamed the U.S. embargo for all that is wrong in Cuba. I could not disagree more. A great deal of the misery that the Cuban people suffer is caused by the absurd and oppressive policies of their own government. But the embargo is not blameless, and it is a convenient excuse.  We should eliminate that excuse. We should seek to promote democracy and better relations with Cuba through the power of our ideas and our economy, just as we are about to do with North Korea, and just as we are doing with China, Vietnam, and other countries with which we have profound disagreements. This amendment will set the stage for a new day in our relations with Cuba, and I urge other Senators to support it.  