President, I am please to be a cosponsor of the amendment offered by Senator Daschle to the FY 2001 Labor HHS Appropriations bill which will protect people from having their personal, genetic information used against them by their employers or their health insurance companies. The provision is identical to the legislation that Senator Daschle introduced earlier this year and which I have also cosponsored.  If adopted, the Daschle amendment will bar insurance companies from raising premiums or denying patients health care coverage based on genetic information. Employers will also be prohibited from using genetic information in hiring practices. Because a right without a remedy is not right at all, these measures also provide an individual who has suffered genetic discrimination with the right to take legal action. This is an essential protection to ensure that discrimination does not occur.  With the latest breakthrough earlier this week of the Human Genome Project in mapping human genetic make-up, protecting Americans from genetic discrimination--an issue that was already important--has become critical. We must support the advancement of science and discovery through research. But while we are embracing these new discoveries, we must also provide safeguards to ensure the protection of this new and potentially very sensitive and personal information. In order to help Americans embrace scientific discoveries we must ensure these discoveries will not cause personal harm.  This February, in recognition of the need to prevent abuse and misuse of genetic information, President Clinton signed an Executive Order that prevents federal agencies from discriminating against workers if they discover through genetic testing that they have a predisposition to a disease or some other conditions. President Clinton expressed his support for legislation to prevent genetic discrimination which will extend beyond the reach of the Executive Order. The Genetic Nondiscrimination in Health Insurance and Employment Act and today's amendment will allow Vermonters--and all Americans--to undergo genetic testing without being afraid that their employer or their insurance company will use this information to discriminate against them.  No one wants to find out they may be predisposed to a certain disease and then have to worry about losing their job. These important measures would give them the assurance and protection that their personal information will be protected and will not be used against them.  