President, today the Senate votes on whether to establish Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China.  This issue has been the subject of longstanding and emotional debate. It is an issue which has divided the Congress, human rights groups and policy experts from across the spectrum. There are strong arguments on both sides--arguments I carefully weighed in deciding how to vote.  In the past, I have opposed extending annual Most Favored Nation status to China because of concerns about China's egregious record on human rights and labor rights. By many accounts, including the State Department's, the situation there has deteriorated over the past year. Repression of political dissent, restrictions on freedom of religion and the persecution of ethnic minorities are realities of everyday life. I witnessed with my own eyes the tragedy that has befallen the people of Tibet, when I traveled there in 1988.  For Vermonters, the young Tibetan and former Middlebury College student, Ngawang Choephel, and his mother, Sonam Dekyi, are the human faces of the hardships and injustices endured under Chinese rule.  Ngawang was arrested more than four years ago by Chinese police when he was in Tibet making a film about traditional Tibetan culture. He was sentenced to 18 years in prison, despite the fact that the Chinese have never produced a shred of evidence that he committed any crime. President Clinton and Secretary of State Albright have personally sought his release, to no avail. In May 1999, the U.N. Commission on Human Rights declared his detention to be arbitrary. I have taken countless steps in seeking his release, year after year, and so have Senator Jeffords and Congressman Sanders.  Since 1996, Ngawang's mother sought permission to visit him. Chinese law permits family members to visit imprisoned relatives, but for four years the Chinese Government ignored her pleas. Finally, last month, the Chinese Government made it possible for her to see him. She found that he is suffering from recurrent, serious health problems, far more serious than those of us who have followed his case closely had been led to believe.  Thirty-two years ago, Ms. Dekyi made the dangerous journey from Tibet to India to escape Chinese repression. She lost a child along the way. Her remaining son is now paying a terrible price for his brave attempts to document Tibetan culture.  No one here would disagree that in so many ways the policies and practices of the Chinese Government stand in direct opposition to the democratic principles upon which our country is founded. Mr. Choephel's case is just one of many examples.  The question, however, is not whether we approve or disapprove of this reality. It exists. The question is what can we do about it? How can we most effectively encourage China to become a more open, humane and democratic society?  The unavoidable fact is that our current approach has not worked. Due process is non-existent. Ngawang Choephel and many other political prisoners remain in custody. Many of China's workers are exploited. Anyone who publicly expresses support for democracy is silenced. If I thought that we could solve these problems by preventing normal trade relations with China, I would support it without hesitation, but I do not believe that course would achieve our long-sought solutions to these many problems.  Preventing normal trade with China would not advance the political and humanitarian goals that the United States has long worked for in China, nor will it advance the economic goals we have set for ourselves here at home.  The fact is, with or without Congress' approval, China will join the World Trade Organization.  It will join 135 other countries in an organization which regulates global trade. It will be part of an international economic system created by democratic nations and governed by the rule of law. It will be required to further liberalize an economy which is already being transformed by trade and technology, and which has contributed to slow but steady reform.  So on the one hand, preventing normal trade relations with China would not stop China from enjoying the benefits of WTO. It will join WTO regardless. Nor, I believe, would blocking China PNTR result in Ngawang Choephel's release. But on the other hand, by blocking PNTR we would deny ourselves the significant economic benefits that will result from China's agreement to reduce tariffs and open its markets to U.S. exports in ways that it never has before. And, I believe, we would deny ourselves the opportunity to build a better relationship with China.  Some have suggested that this debate is about what is right and what is wrong with the WTO. From its history of negotiating trade agreements in secret, to inadequate consideration of labor rights, human rights and the environment, there are plenty of problems with the WTO. These issues are important and they absolutely should be addressed. But they are not what this debate is about.  I have long spoken out against the lack of basic freedoms in China. I strongly supported the Administration's decision to sponsor a resolution condemning China at the U.N. Human Rights Commission. I have done everything I can think of to seek Ngawang Choephel's release, and I will continue to do so until he is released. I fervently hope that the Chinese Government will respond to the Congress' vote in favor of PNTR by releasing Mr. Choephel, along with others who do not belong in prison and who in no way threaten China's security.  Until the rule of law is respected and there is an independent judiciary that protects people's rights, until Ngawang Choephel and the other prisoners of conscience who languish in China's prisons are free, China will never be able to fully join the global community.  I am encouraged that the legislation that has come from the House would create a bipartisan Helsinki-type commission to monitor, promote and issue annual reports on human rights and worker rights in China. This bill requires hearings on the contents of these reports, including the recommendations of the commission, and it establishes a task force to strengthen our ability to prevent the import of goods made with prison or forced labor.  In the past, questions have been raised about the effectiveness of the yearly review of China's human rights record. However, I believe that it is important to have an annual debate on this issue, and I feel that the Helsinki-type commission and task force will provide useful, albeit limited, mechanisms for the examination of China's record on these issues  I have voted for every amendment to this legislation that was consistent with PNTR, and which would have also strengthened human rights. I deeply regret that they were not adopted. We can expand our trade with China, we can build a better relationship with China, and we can also stand up for human rights. The amendments offered by Senator Feingold, Senator Wellstone, and others were reasonable and fully consistent with our most cherished values.  Profound differences over human rights will continue to cast a shadow on our relationship with China, and that is unfortunate. But it is also important to recognize that life in China is significantly different from what it was two decades ago or even two years ago.  For the first time, Chinese citizens are starting their own businesses. More and more Chinese are employed by foreign-owned companies, where they generally receive higher pay and enjoy better working conditions. State-run industries are gradually being dismantled and state-owned houses, health clinics, schools and stores are no longer the rule--reducing the influence that the Chinese Communist party has over its citizens everyday lives.  Technology has also weakened the government's ability to control people's lives. In the past year, the number of Internet addresses in China has risen dramatically. This year, the number is expected to exceed 20 million. With the Internet comes the exchange of information and ideas. And the government's best efforts to stifle this exchange are little match for a phenomenon that has transformed the lives of people around the world, from the most open to the most closed societies. In addition, access to print and broadcast media has expanded rapidly, along with nonprofit and civic organizations.  It is impossible to know what path Chinese authorities will ultimately choose--whether WTO membership and the changes it requires will indeed contribute to real democratic reform. But it would be a mistake for us to err on the side of isolation when there is so much that could be gained by engagement.  The President's arguments on this issue have been persuasive. So have the arguments of three former Presidents, six former Secretaries of State, and nine former Secretaries of the Treasury.  I also found persuasive the fact that many Chinese democracy and human rights activists, who have suffered the most under Chinese rule and have the most to gain from change, support PNTR.  And so I will vote for PNTR today.  Our archaic, counterproductive and ill-conceived approach toward Cuba is a perfect model for what we should not do in China. Our isolationist policy, which I have long argued against, has fallen hardest on everyday Cubans. Nothing has done more to perpetuate Castro's grip on power, and the denial of basic freedoms there, than our embargo.  Rejecting PNTR would strengthen the same element in China--the hard-liners who are afraid that engagement with the outside world will dilute their power and influence. These are the same hard-liners who are refusing to negotiate with the Dalai Lama on Tibet and who would settle differences with Taiwan by force.  Which brings me to the issue of national security. China is an emerging military power, with a small but growing capability to deliver nuclear arms. It has an increasing influence in Asia, which military experts have identified as the most likely arena for future conflict. Passage of PNTR and China's accession to the WTO offer important opportunities to increase China's stake in global security and stability and to help ensure that over the long term China becomes our competitor and not our adversary.  Moreover, this legislation will not undermine U.S. efforts to use a full range of policy tools--diplomatic, economic and military--to address any potential Chinese noncompliance with American interests or international norms.  In purely commercial terms, Congress concedes nothing to China by approving PNTR. We do not open our country to more Chinese products. Rather, we simply maintain the present access to our economy that China already enjoys. In return, Chinese tariffs--from telecommunications to automobiles to agriculture--will fall by half or more over just five years, paving the way for the export of more American goods and services to the largest market in the world.  It is important to remember that if Congress rejects PNTR, other countries will continue to trade with China. They will reap the trade benefits that we have rejected.  PNTR will benefit Vermont. In the past year, Vermont exports to China have increased significantly--from $1 million in 1998 to $6.5 million in 1999. While this represents only a small fraction of Vermont's total exports, lower tariff barriers are likely to help Vermonters export their products beyond the Green Mountains to a quarter of the world's people. More Vermont exports mean more Vermont jobs.  I recognize the concerns of some in the labor community who believe that approving PNTR may cause the loss of some jobs in the United States. I know that many leaders of American labor organizations are motivated by their concern about their workers, and I respect them for that. Behind the statistics are real people with real families who suffer real consequences.  Some American workers will be hurt by this agreement. It is likely that some jobs will be lost as some businesses shift operations to China. However, trade experts generally agree that granting China PNTR will ultimately create a more favorable trade balance by increasing exports to China. And more American exports means more American jobs at a time when unemployment is at a historic low.  I support the strong anti-surge controls that have been included in the legislation, which will help protect American industries from a surge in Chinese imports that disrupt U.S. markets. The bill also authorizes funding to monitor China's compliance with its WTO commitments.  Mr. President, as with most trade bills that have come before Congress in the last ten years, the debate over granting PNTR for China has become clouded with simple slogans and half-truths.  Despite what we may hope for, history has proven time and again that there is no quick fix for the problems facing the Chinese people. And as it becomes harder for Chinese authorities to maintain control in the face of outside influences, the temptation to crack down on dissent may get worse before it gets better.  But we need to look beyond next month or next year. Freer trade will not in and of itself improve civil and political rights in China. It will not guarantee U.S. national security. It will not create thousands of American jobs overnight. But China's civilization is thousands of years old. It is changing faster today than ever before. With continued engagement on all fronts, we can, I believe, advance each of those important goals. For my part, I personally look forward to a much more intensive and regular dialogue with Chinese officials on these and other issues of importance to both our countries.  At the end of this debate, all of these many issues and arguments must be distilled to answer this one question: Is a vote for permanent normal trade relations with China in the best interests of the United States? The answer to that question is clearly ``yes.''  