President, the Internet False Identification Prevention Act, S. 2924, is intended to provide additional tools to law enforcement to combat the theft of, and fraud associated with, identification documents and credentials. I share the concerns of the sponsors of this legislation over this matter. In fact, in the last Congress, I sponsored, along with Senators Kyl, Hatch, Feinstein and others, legislation to prohibit fraud in connection with identification information, not just physical documents. We recognized that criminals do not necessarily need a physical identification document to create a new identity; they just need the information itself to facilitate the creation of false identification documents.  I note that improvements to the bill as originally introduced were made during consideration of the legislation by the Senate Judiciary Committee. Specifically, as originally introduced this bill would have made it a crime to possess with intent to use or transfer any false identification document, rather than ``five or more'' as required under current law. See 18 U.S.C. 1028(a)(3). I raised concern that the scope of this proposed offense would have resulted in the federalization of the status offenses of an underage teenager using a single fake ID card. The substitute bill reported by the Judiciary Committee eliminated this change in current law.  The substitute amendment that the Senate considers today would require the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Treasury to coordinate through a ``coordinating committee'' the investigation and prosecution of offenses related to false identification documents, and report to the Judiciary Committees of the House and the Senate on the number and results of prosecutions. In addition, the substitute amendment amends 18 U.S.C. 1028 in a number of ways, including by creating a new criminal prohibition on the knowing production or transfer of a document-making implement designed for use in the production of false identification documents. A new definition is provided for the term ``transfer'' to include ``making available for acquisition or use by others.'' To address the concerns of internet service providers that the combination of the new crime and the new definitions would expose them to criminal liability, the bill also includes an exemption from the new crime for an interactive computer service.  In addition, the bill repeals 18 U.S.C. 1738, which allows businesses that sell identification documents bearing the birth date or age of the person being identified to avoid criminal liability by printing clearly and indelibly on both the front and the back ``Not a Government Document.''  While I do not object to moving this bill at this time, I must note two lingering concerns that we have to revisit. First, I appreciate that the sponsors wish to repeal 18 U.S.C. 1738 to stop the practice of selling counterfeit identification products with disclaimers that are intentionally fashioned to be easily removable on both computer templates and counterfeit identification documents but that nevertheless avoid criminal liability by displaying the disclaimer. This is a practice that deserves congressional attention, but I am concerned that repeal of this section may go too far, since it may remove legal protection for some legitimate businesses thatsell identification documents for legitimate reasons, such as for security or private guard services.  The legislative history of section 1738 makes clear that this provision was considered necessary when passed because private identification documents ``are used by many persons who have no official record of their date of birth and are unable to obtain official identification cards for that reason. The conferees determined that to simply require privately issued identification cards to carry a prominent disclaimer that they are not government documents would adequately protect the public interest.'' Conference Report on False Identification Crime Control Act of 1982 (H.R. 6946), 97th Cong., 2d Sess., Rpt. 97-975, at p. 4 (December 17, 1982). It remains unclear to me how many legitimate uses and businesses will be affected by repeal of this section, and the manner in which this repeal is being enacted makes it impossible to know in advance.  Second, the substitute amendment contains an exemption for interactive computer services that was added after consideration by the Judiciary Committee. Representatives of internet service providers expressed concern that the breadth of the intent standard in the bill, which provides that a defendant need only knowingly transfer or make available by electronic means an illegal document-making implement, such as computer template, to risk criminal liability. They contend that this scienter requirement could put at risk ISPs that simply offer a third party the ability to communicate or locate material that is otherwise illegal, even though the ISP does not know that the document-making implement can be or will be used to make false identification documents and does not intend to be facilitating an illegal transaction.  The ISPs may have correctly pointed out a problem in the scope of the criminal liability but the cure should not be to grant a blanket exemption for service providers. There is no comparable exemption anywhere else in the federal criminal code. A better cure would have been to clarify the scope of the criminal prohibition and to define more precisely the scienter requirement for criminal liability. Instead of making the new crime applicable to anyone who ``knowingly produces or transfers a document-making implement that is designed for use in the production of a false identification document,'' the bill could have been more precisely drawn to cover only a person who ``knowingly produces or transfers a document-making implement with the intent that it be used in the production of a false identification document.'' This would have avoided the necessity of carving out exemptions for innocent ISPs that merely facilitate the transfer of illegal document-making implements, without knowing the nature of the what is being transferred.  Moreover, including an immunity provision in this bill for ISPs raises a question about their criminal liability exposure under many other criminal statutes that make illegal the knowing transfer of illegal materials without requiring specific knowledge on the part of the transferor that the material is illegal. For example, federal law prohibits the knowing distribution, including by computer, of any material that contains child pornography. 18 U.S.C. 2251A(a)(2)(B). There is no blanket immunity for ISPs for facilitating the distribution of such illegal material. Will inclusion of a blanket immunity provision in this bill encourage courts to construe broadly the prohibitions in other statutes to cover innocent ISPs? This is a matter that could benefit from additional scrutiny.  