President, I do not like the marriage penalty. I think it is poor public policy. Unfortunately, the Senate Finance Committee has presented us with a bill, sponsored by Senator Roth, that does not completely eliminate the marriage penalty. What this bill would do instead is direct a majority of its tax benefits to married couples who already benefit from a marriage bonus and to certain individuals who have never even been married. Hard working married couples in Vermont deserve an honest, targeted measure to eliminate the marriage penalty, not the proposal that is before us today.  Of the 65 marriage penalties in the Tax Code, the Republican bill eliminates only one and partially addresses only two more. It would do absolutely nothing to get rid of the 62 other marriage penalties in areas such as the Hope and Lifetime Learning Credits, Individual Retirement Accounts, and the taxation of Social Security benefits, programs that are important to Vermonters. In addition, by increasing the deduction and expanding brackets, this bill would benefit married couples who experience a marriage bonus, at a cost of $55.6 billion over five years and $40 billion per year after that.  I support the alternative amendment, proposed by Senator Moynihan, because it would eliminate all 65 marriage penalties in the Tax Code for couples with up to $100,000 in adjusted gross income. This common sense plan would accomplish this relief by allowing married couples to calculate their tax liability jointly or as single individuals. The alternative would also significantly shrink the marriage penalty for couples with between $100,000 and $150,000 in adjusted gross income. According to the Vermont Department of Taxes, in 1998, 113,132 married couples in Vermont had an adjusted gross income under $150,000. That is 94.5 percent of all married couples ion Vermont that filed taxes that year. Under Senator Moyinhan's proposal, Vermonters get more bank for their buck and those married couples who are truly hurt by the marriage penalty get a break.  Senator Roth's bill, when fully phased in, would cost American taxpayers $40 billion a year, $10 billion more than Senator Moynihan's proposal, but would leave 62 marriage penalties untouched. In addition, an analysis by the Department of Treasury indicates that only 40 percent of the benefits of this bill would actually reduce the marriage penalty. This means that 60 percent of the benefits are directed to other cuts--expensive cuts that do nothing to provide senior citizens with a prescription drug benefit, nothing to improve our children's education, nothing to help repay our national debt.  If the Republican bill is enacted, we will have made little progress in eliminating the marriage penalty--one small step as opposed the giant leap that we would get with Senator Moynihan's alternative. I support an end to the marriage penalty and I will continue to work with other Senators to pass affordable legislation that is targeted at eliminating all of the marriage penalties in our Tax Code. Vermonters and all hard working Americans deserve nothing less.  