President, one of the reasons I am so happy to have him back is that the Senator from Utah and I, even though we bring different political philosophies to so many issues, know that on so many issues before the Judiciary Committee we have a responsibility to try to bring both sides of the aisle together and to span a wide philosophical gap among the 100 Senators. When we work together, as we have on many issues, we find that those issues pass the Senate overwhelmingly. That is why, I might say, as we start this new action in this new millennium, how much better it is, instead of having a cloture vote, that we are lettingthe Senate process work--something both he and I have seen for a couple of decades here work the way it should.  Last year, the Democrats entered into a unanimous consent agreement to limit our rights to offer only three nonrelevant amendments and to file relevant amendments by November 5. We entered into this agreement to work in a bipartisan manner to improve the bill. We made bipartisan progress. I don't know how many Senators realize it, but we adopted 37 amendments to the underlying bill--amendments of both Democrats and Republicans. We worked that out on a consent basis. We cleared amendments. We set up rollcall votes. In fact, from a total of 320 amendments filed by Senators on both sides of the aisle on November 5, 1999, Senator Torricelli and I, working with the Senator from Nevada, Mr. Reid, narrowed down the remaining Democratic amendments on this bill to a handful. The remaining amendments from our list are all relevant. We are ready to debate and work on them.  I am proud to cosponsor Senator Schumer's amendment on debts incurred through the commission of violence to health service clinics. The amendment makes sense. Under our unanimous consent agreement, we will have an up-or-down vote on it. Under our unanimous consent agreement, Senator Levin from Michigan will also have an up-or-down vote on his amendment on firearm-related debts. He is willing to limit the time on his amendment to 2 hours. Senator Schumer will have 40 minutes on his amendment. These are reasonable time limits.  There is another important amendment by Senators Sarbanes and Durbin to clarify the credit industry reforms in the bill. Millions of credit card solicitations made to consumers have caused, in part, the rise in consumer bankruptcy filings. The credit card industry should bear more of the responsibility. So the Sarbanes-Durbin amendment improves the Truth in Lending Act by requiring more disclosure of credit information so consumers may better manage debts and avoid bankruptcy altogether.  In the last Congress, the Senate bankruptcy reform bill was fair and balanced because it included credit industry reforms. We passed that bill by 97-1 vote in 1998. The 1998 Senate-passed bill should be a model here in the year 2000.  Many Democratic Senators have offered short time agreements of a half hour or less on their amendments. The Democrats are prepared to debate and vote on these amendments. That is the way the Senate works best. I commend my colleagues for working to get this agreement. I look forward to a fair and full debate.  Mr. President, I am actually delighted to be back. It is nice for people in Washington to provide weather that looks like we have in Vermont--with one notable exception: With this little bit of snow on the ground, our government offices in Vermont would all be open.  In fact, all other offices would be open. I note that because we had a couple of calls from incredulous Vermonters who couldn't believe that the Federal Government had been closed down 2 days in a row for the kind of snow we might get in a morning. I want to assure them that the office of the senior Senator from Vermont is open. I suspect the offices of the other two Members of the Vermont delegation are open. I guess the one nice thing about it is there is no traffic going in and out. There is not much snow on the road either.  I wish all those employees who are having 2 days of vacation because of a little bit of snow have a good time. I hope they spend time with their children, read a good book, shovel their walks, and just be glad they are not living in an area where you would still go to work with an awful lot more snow.  I close again by saying it is good to see my good friend, the chairman of this committee. I look forward to starting the millennium and working well with him.  