President, I thank the Senator from Rhode Island, and I thank the other Senator from Rhode Island, and I thank the Senator from Nevada and the Senator from New Jersey. I am proud to cosponsor the amendment to report the juvenile justice conference by April 20. I think the distinguished senior Senator from Rhode Island does the whole Senate and the country a service by his amendment.  Congress has kept the country waiting too long for action on juvenile justice legislation. It kept the country waiting too long for action on sensible gun laws. In fact, we are almost up to the first-year anniversary of the shooting in Columbine High School in Littleton, CO.  This morning I was watching the news, seeing some of these young people talking about what they went through, and the memories all came back about what had happened there when 14 students and a teacher lost their lives, nearly 12 months ago, on April 20, 1999.  I mention that date, April 20, 1999, because it has been 11 months since then that the Senate passed the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill. This bill was not a close call. The vote was 73-25. It was a bipartisan bill. It included some very modest but, I believe, effective gun safety measures. Ten months ago, the House passed its own juvenile crime bill.  Then we did not meet or have a conference; we did not meet to talk about it until about 8 months ago. Then we met only briefly. We did nothing and recessed for a 4- or 5-week vacation.  Now it is very easy to see what has happened. By delaying and delaying and delaying, some might have the best of all possible worlds. They could say: Yes, I stood up and voted for some modest gun safety laws; and at the same time they could say to the powerful gun lobby: Don't worry, it is not going anywhere. We have that bottled up somewhere in a committee, a committee of conference that never meets. Nobody even knows where it is. I doubt if there are 10 people in the House or the Senate who could even name the members of it.  The majority in Congress convened this conference on August 5, 1999, less than 24 hours before the Congress adjourned for its long August recess.  You do not have to be a cynic to recognize this for what it was: a transparent ploy to deflect criticism for delays while ensuring the conference did not have enough time to prepare comprehensive juvenile justice legislation to send to the President before school began in September, 1999.  This is a serious matter. The Senate Democrats and the House Democrats have been ready for months to reconvene the juvenile justice conference and work with Republicans to have aneffective juvenile justice conference report, one that has reasonable gun safety provisions, something along the lines of what we passed 3-1 here in the Senate. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership would not act.  I know they are facing fierce opposition from the gun lobby. One only has to turn on the television set to see an aging actor telling us why we should not be protecting our young children. I wish instead of listening to somebody who is acting a role and playing a role and has made their livelihood acting out other people's fantasies, they would listen to the Nation's law enforcement officers. These are the men and women whom we ask every single day to put their lives on the line for us. These are the people who die protecting us. These are the people most concerned about effective gun laws.  Ten national law enforcement organizations, representing thousands of law enforcement officers, have endorsed the Senate-passed gun safety amendments, and they support loophole-free firearms laws, from the International Association of Chiefs of Police, International Brotherhood of Police Officers, Major Cities Chiefs, National Sheriffs Association, and on and on.  I spent 8 years in law enforcement. I know how much they care. They believe in keeping guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. I am not talking about people who use guns for sports and hunting. I am talking about criminals and unsupervised children.  These thousands of law enforcement officers are asking us to do our duty. Instead of taking all these recesses and vacations, we should stay here a couple of days and pass juvenile justice legislation.  Every parent, every teacher, every student in this country is concerned about school violence. We know there is not any one thing that will stop school violence, but we do know that in the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill there are provisions that help bring about safety in our schools. Don't we owe it to the parents, don't we owe it to the students, don't we owe it to the teachers to make this a safer country? We do not owe or should not owe anything to any powerful lobby, left or right. We owe our privilege of serving here to the people who sent us here, and the vast majority of people who sent us here, Republicans and Democrats, want us to move forward on this sensible piece of legislation.  