President, the situation we are in right now is interesting. It is different from any similar period I can recall in nearly 26 years in the Senate. We are at the end of the fiscal year--we have actually gone beyond the end of the fiscal year--and nothing seems to be happening. I voted against the continuing resolution, not because I do not think we should keep the Government going--of course we should; it is unfortunate to close down the Government--but more to express my concern that we are not doing our business.  We have not passed our appropriations bills as we should. We all talk about how we make Government more efficient or how we make Government better. But imagine if you are running one of these Agencies or one of these Departments and you have to make the decisions for the year, and Congress, which has a mandate under law to pass the appropriations bills by September 30, we are here on October 5 and are nowhere near completing the bills.  Yet in a Congress that spends more time investigating than legislating, we are perfectly willing to have investigations and actually bring a lot of these Departments to a halt while we ask them question after question, even if the questions have already been asked, and yet we are unwilling to do our own work on time. It is not the way it can be done, and it is not the way it should be done.  I strongly urge Senators to consider next year when we come back, no matter who wins the Presidency, no matter who wins seats in the Senate or in the other body, that we spend more time trying to do things that actually help the country, that we set aside some of the partisanship and bitterness that has marked this Senate actually since impeachment time, which in itself was marked by partisanship when impeachment was rushed through in a lame duck House of Representatives and then passed over to this body. It appears in many ways we lost our footing at that time and never got back on course.  There are bills that have bipartisan support. There was one I was discussing on the floor a few minutes ago with the distinguished Senator from Colorado, the Campbell-Leahy bulletproof vest bill. This is a bill that provides money for bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers.  Senator Campbell and I served in law enforcement before we came to Congress. We served at a time when much of law enforcement did not face the danger it does now, but we kept enough of our ties to law enforcement and so we know how difficult it is. We know that the men and women we send out to protect all of us are themselves so often the victims of the same criminals from whom they try to protect us.  Bulletproof vests are a $500 or $600 item. They wear out in 5 years. A lot of departments, especially small departments in States such as Vermont or rural areas like Texas, cannot afford these vests. I have letters from hundreds of law enforcement people from around the country who tell me that under the original Campbell-Leahy bill, they finally have a sense of security because they have bulletproof vests. We want to extend that for a couple more years. Yet we cannot even get a vote on it.  This is a bill which, if it is brought to a vote in this Chamber, I am willing to bet virtually every Senator, Republican and Democrat, will vote for. How can one vote against it? Yet there has been one hold on the Republican side of the aisle, and we cannot bring up this vital law enforcement piece of legislation.  I wanted to be sure--I am hearing from law enforcement agencies all across the country: Why can't you pass it?--so I actually made the point of checking with all 46 Democratic Senators: Do any of you have any objection to voting on this on a second's notice? They said: No, pass it by unanimous consent, if you want.  I ask whoever is holding it up on the other side not to continue to hold it up.  Mr. President, I return to ask the Republican leadership what is holding up enactment of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 2000? This is a bill I introduced with Senator Campbell and others last April. The Senate Judiciary Committee considered and and reported the bill unanimously to the full Senate back in June. I have since been working to get Senate consideration, knowing that it will pass overwhelmingly if not unanimously.  Unfortunately, an anonymous ``hold'' on the Republican side prevented enactment before the Senate recessed in July. I have been unable to discover which Republican Senator opposes the bill or why, and that remains true today.  We have been working for several months to pass the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 2000. It has been cleared by all Democratic Senators.  That it has still not passed the full Senate is very disappointing to me, as I am sure that it is to our nation's law enforcement officers, who need life-saving bulletproof vests to protect themselves. Protecting and supporting our law enforcement community should not be a partisan issue.  Senator Campbell and I worked together closely and successfully in the last Congress to pass the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 1998 into law. This year's bill reauthorizes and extends the successful program that we helped create and that the Department of Justice has done such a good job implementing.  I have charts here that show how successful the Bulletproof Vests Grant Program has been for individual states. In its first year of operation in 1999, the program funded the purchase of 167,497 vests with $23 million in federal grant funds.  For the State of Alabama, the program funded the purchase of 2,287 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of California, the program funded the purchase of 28,106 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Colorado, the program funded the purchase of 1,844 bulletproof vests for police officers in 1999.  For the State of Idaho, the program funded the purchase of 711 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Michigan, the program funded the purchase of 2,932 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Minnesota, the program funded the purchase of 1,052 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Mississippi, the program funded the purchase of 1,283 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Missouri, the program funded the purchase of 2,919 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999.  For the State of New York, the program funded the purchase of 13,004 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Oklahoma, the program funded the purchase of 3,042 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Rhode Island, the program funded the purchase of 792 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For the State of Utah, the program funded the purchase of 1,326 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 1999. For my home State of Vermont, the program funded the purchase of 361 bulletproof vests for police officers in 1999. For big and small states, the program was a success in its first year.  I have a second chart that shows how successful the Bulletproof Vests Grant Program has been for individual states in its second year of operation. In 2000, the program funded the purchase of 158,396 vests with $24 million in federal grant funds.  For the State of Alabama, the program funded the purchase of 2,498 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of California, the program funded the purchase of 27,477 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Colorado, the program funded the purchase of 2,288 bulletproof vests for police officers in 2000.  For the State of Idaho, the program funded the purchase of 477 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Michigan, the program funded the purchase of 3,427 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Minnesota, the program funded the purchase of 709 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Mississippi, the program funded the purchase of 1,364 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Missouri, the program funded the purchase of 1,221 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000.  For the State of New York, the program funded the purchase of 11,969 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Oklahoma, the program funded the purchase of 3,389 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Rhode Island, the program funded the purchase of 313 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For the State of Utah, the program funded the purchase of 1,326 bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers in 2000. For my home State of Vermont, the program funded the purchase of 175 bulletproof vests for police officers in 2000. For the second year in a row, the program was a great success.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that these two charts listing the number of bulletproof vests purchased and the Federal grant amounts for each state in 1999 and 2000 under the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  