President, I want to thank my colleagues Senator Specter and Senator Harkin for including an amendment I have offered to increase funding for the Office of Civil Rights (OCR) at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) as part of the managers' package. My amendment would provide an increase of $2.5 million for the Office of Civil Rights to protect the civil rights of Americans. I want to take a moment to explain why I believe this funding increase is so important.  The Office of Civil Rights at HHS has the responsibility to enforce civil rights laws in the health and human service setting throughout the United States. What does this mean? Essentially, the Office of Civil Rights oversees anyone who receives funding from HHS--hospitals, managed care organizations, nursing homes, and social service agencies among others--to ensure they are complying with civil rights statutes. Although it enforces a wide array of civil right laws, the bulk of OCR's efforts center around enforcement of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which addresses discrimination in federally funded programs, and the Americans with Disabilities Act.  The civil rights challenges that confront OCR continue to grow. A few of the issues the office is focusing on include racial and ethnic disparities in health; ensuring that individuals with disabilities avoid unnecessary institutionalization and can live in their communities; and fighting discrimination among minorities and individuals with disabilities in managed care.  It seems to me that this office already has a pretty big workload. Well, it is about to become much larger. In addition to the important efforts the OCR currently works on, this office will soon be responsible for implementing and enforcing the proposed medical privacy regulations. The administration has been required to establish safeguards to protect personal medical information of Americans because this Congress missed its own self-imposed deadline. If we're not going to do our job in Congress, we should at least support the Office that will have to do it for us.  In 1996, Congress passed the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). This legislation set a self-imposed deadline for Congress to pass comprehensive medical privacy legislation by August 1999. If Congress was unable to meet the deadline, the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services was required by law to establish medical privacy protection through regulation. Secretary Shalala issued her draft regulations last fall and there was a public comment period that extended until this past February. Currently, HHS is working to finalize the draft regulations which should be issued later this year.  I have been on this Senate floor countless times to talk about the need to establish privacy protections for personal medical information. It angers me that this Congress could not even move privacy protections through the committee process, let alone, to actually have a debate on this critical issue before the full Senate. We couldn't do the job on our own and we have instead shifted the responsibility to the administration. This Congress has the responsibility to protect the privacy of Americans--and that includes the protection of their medical records. The place for these protections is in legislation--not regulation. But that's not the issue right now. The issue before us is the need to adequately fund the office that will have the sole responsibility for enforcing these essential privacy protections.  The FY 2000 Budget for the Office of Civil Rights is $22 million. This figure has remained unchanged since 1980. I find this hard to believe. The Office has seen its enforcement responsibilities increase dramatically with the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act and other major legislation. Add the impending implementation of the medical records privacy regulation and it becomes clear that this budget must come in line with the current times and allow the Office to do what they must--protect the civil rights of Americans.  This additional funding provided in this amendment will help the Office of Civil Rights do the job we have asked them to do. I do not think this increase is nearly enough. However, I recognize that we have limited funds for a wide range of important programs. I am hopeful that this will be the first of many steps to increase the resources for this office. Again, I want to thank my colleagues for their support of this amendment and for their support of the important work of this office.  