President, as have so many of my colleagues, I speak with a sense of loss and sadness about the passing of our friend, Paul Coverdell. Over the years serving in the Senate, I have seen too often the flowers on a Senator's desk and known, by that unique tradition of our body, the reflection that we have lost somebody in an untimely fashion--no one more untimely than the Senator from Georgia.  I have had the honor to serve with many Senators during the time the people of Vermont have been kind enough to let me be here. Each of these Senators has brought special qualities. It might be a knack for fiery oration or professorial intelligence. But Paul Coverdell brought a special formula of kindness and quiet persistence.  I first knew Paul when he was director of the Peace Corps. I was chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee which handled his budget. I recall times when there would be an issue that would come up of some contention. I remember President Bush calling and saying: Pat, sit down with Paul. I assure you you can work it out.  We would sit quietly in my office. We would go over the issues, and we would work it out. We would work it out because I knew that Paul Coverdell would keep his word; he knew I would mine. I also knew that neither of us would read about the intricacies of our agreements in the paper the next day. We would keep each other's confidence.  When he came to the Senate, he was first and foremost a tireless champion for the interests of the people of Georgia. We all remember his relentless advocacy for some of the military bases in his home State and how proud he was to represent the State that hosted the Olympic games in 1996. In that regard he entered the sometimes messy realm of appropriations to bring full Federal support to that gigantic effort.  In many ways, these efforts were an embodiment of the people of Georgia, possessing a boundless energy, ambition, and generosity.  What I remember most, though, about Paul Coverdell--and so many of our colleagues have said the same thing--is how he worked on everything with a paradoxically quiet energy. He was not one to seek the cameras and head to the floor to yell about every disagreement. If he had a disagreement, he would call you. He would go and work with you face to face. He was often convincing. I know he changed my mind on issues.  I think one of the reasons he was so convincing is that he was always open-minded and attentive. I don't think there is any case more obvious about that than the Senate's recent consideration of the supplemental appropriation for antidrug assistance in Colombia.  There were many disagreements on this aid package. But everybody, whether they were on his side or on the opposite side, admired the strength of his conviction and the depth of the knowledge of the region.  I was privileged to work closely with him on a resolution on a recent presidential election in Peru. Senator Coverdell and I believed strongly that it was important for the United States to send a strong message throughout the hemisphere in support of democracy and to condemn the blatant subversion of democracy by the Fujimori government. Again, it was the strength of Paul's convictions and willingness to stand for the most important principles this country stands for. That is why the resolution was there.  Our mutual concern for international human rights extended to the effort to establish a global ban of antipersonnel landmines. I was so pleased to work with Paul on this issue. He would always consider my proposals thoughtfully and thoroughly. He brought a very special perspective. For him, banning landmines was about protecting Peace Corps volunteers and the communities they served. He had this unique way of looking at an issue that went way beyond warring parties. He was concerned about innocent civilians.  Paul took part in these debates and he worked behind the scenes with abig-hearted kindness. He was one of the kindest people to grace this floor, and there was a certain peacefulness about him that was always pleasantly contagious. In a sometimes very divisive Senate, that peacefulness was so respected.  That is why when I look at the flowers, like many of us who have served here a long time, I think we have seen those flowers too often. But it is hard to think of a time when both Republicans and Democrats have felt the pain more than on this occasion. Paul, we will all miss you.  I yield the floor.  