President, I thank my good friend and colleague from West Virginia. For over 25 years, he has been my mentor in the Senate. I probably learned more about the Constitution's history and certainly the procedures of the Senate from him than from anything I have read or anybody else I have known. He is like my late father, one who reveres history because history to him is not just a compilation of dates and facts, but it is the roots of what we are and who we are and where we will go.  The distinguished Senator from West Virginia has cast well over 15,000 votes. I know he could tell me exactly how many he has cast, but it has been well over 15,000 votes. It is the record. I have been privileged to cast over 10,000 votes, and I appreciate the kind words he said when I cast that 10,000th. But those 10,000 votes, those 15,000 votes, many were in serious matters. Some were in procedural matters. Most were on legislation, statutes, laws, amendments--some on treaties. But it is so rare to be actually coming to vote on the issue of a constitutional amendment.  As important as all the statutes, all the treaties, even all the procedural matters are--because the distinguished Senator from West Virginia knows better than anybody else here, a procedural vote often is the determining vote--I think he would agree with me that the two most important votes you might cast would be on a declaration of war or on a constitutional amendment. In many ways, the country may be affected more by a constitutional amendment than by a declaration of war.  The distinguished Senator from West Virginia, my dear friend, has done the Senate and I think the country a service by saying let us pause a moment and ask how we got here. Actually, not only how we got here but why we got here. The answers to those two questions reveals that we should not amend the Constitution this way. It does not even begin to reach that article V level of necessity.  I thank my friend. I don't wish to embarrass him. I know he has been in some discomfort from a procedure on his eye. As one who, for other reasons, is very sensitive to that, I know he did this at some discomfort, but he said something that we should all hear.  I thank him and I yield the floor.  