President, I commend the distinguished Senator from Virginia for his statement, as I do the distinguished Senator from Nebraska. I can assure my friend from Virginia, ayoung marine, my son, will receive a copy first thing in the morning at his home in California of the speech by the Senator from Virginia and a speech by the Senator from Nebraska.  Later this evening I am going to be having dinner with my oldest and dearest friend, a man I went to college with, a marine. He served the Republic and faced the same kind of reaction when he came back from combat from Vietnam. One day he was in a firefight in Vietnam, 2 days later he was walking down the street in his uniform in the United States, facing protesters' shouts.  Having risked his life, as did both of you, he said what saved him through that time was to know exactly for what he fought. At least he has had the satisfaction of seeing so much of that come full circle: The Wall here, people realizing that whatever the protesters had against the war, it should not be against the warriors, especially when they see the names of tens of thousands who did not come back.  I recall last year when the Senate rose as one to commemorate the heroism and valor of the Senator from Nebraska. Both of you have been decorated for heroism, both of you have faced near death in battle. I think both of you have come back here to serve your country in as strong a way as you did there, both as Senators but in bringing a calm, considered, integrity constantly throughout your service in the Senate.  I am not a veteran. I did not serve in battle. But I think how proud I am to have served in the Senate with both of you. I thank you for your speech tonight. I hope all Americans and all Senators will listen.  Mr. President, I met again today with Vermont representatives to the American Legion convention, which is taking place in Washington this week. These are people who deserve our respect, who served this nation in time of war, and who sacrificed so that our freedoms and way of life would triumph over Nazi Germany. As they gather, I pledge to continue to work with them to address the unmet needs of American veterans. Abraham Lincoln reminded us of our sacred obligation ``to care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow, and his orphan.''  Following the Judiciary Committee's hearings last year on the constitutional amendment to restrict the first amendment to protect the flag from use in political protest, I asked Maj. Gen. Patrick Brady, chairman of the Citizens Flag Alliance, what in his opinion were the most pressing issues facing our veterans. His response may surprise the proponents of the constitutional amendment. His response to my inquiry regarding the most pressing issues facing veterans was ``broken promises, especially health care.''  I asked the same question of Professor Gary May, an American hero who lost both legs while serving his country in Vietnam. Professor May said:       Veterans and their families need services and      opportunities, not symbolism. Recruitment for military      service is predicated in part on a quid pro quo--if honorable      service is rendered, then meaningful post-service benefits      will follow. Our record of making good on this contract is      not good. The favorable expressed sentiment for veterans by      supporters of the flag desecration amendment would be better      placed in support of extending and stabilizing services      responsive to the day-to-day needs of ordinary veterans and      their families.  Have we followed this good counsel here in the Senate? The unfortunate answer is no. Our veterans and retirees have received more high-sounding rhetoric about patriotism than real efforts on our part to resolve the broken promises.  During the debate on the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1998, the Senate voted to shift over $10 billion worth of critical veterans funding to help pay for extravagant highway spending programs.  Three times that year, the Senate raided veterans' programs: in the budget resolution, in the IRS Reform legislation, and in the VA/HUD Appropriations Bill. All three times, too many Senators voted against the veterans. If only a few more of those who now beat their chests about symbolic actions had voted for them, the necessary funding for veterans would have been assured.  We have had numerous other missed opportunities to increase the funds in the Veteran Administrations medical care account. Hospitals are seeing more patients with less funding and staff, and it can take months to get a doctor's appointment. It is not mere symbolism to fund those hospitals.  It has been estimated that a third of all homeless people in this country are American veterans. Many of those people may be suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder or other illnesses relating to their military service.  We all know that with the end of the cold war, military bases are closing. Military retirees who relied on the base hospitals for space-available free medical care are losing access to care. Many service members retired near military bases specifically so that they could enjoy the free medical care we promised them, but now they have to find health care in the marketplace.  I saw this in Vermont recently, where we had to fight--yes, fight--to keep adequate funding for the only veteran's hospital in the State. The in-patient surgical program at the White River Junction VA hospital was nearly closed down. If the closure had gone through, many elderly Vermont and New Hampshire veterans would have had to travel all the way to Boston for medical care, and many of them just cannot. The VA has recommitted itself to the White River Junction program, but this sort of thing is happening all across the country.  Last year, we finally raised the veteran's budget for medical care by $1.7 billion. I was particularly relieved that Vermont veterans finally received some assistance, in the form of a $7 million Rural Health Care Initiative. That funding will develop a number of innovative programs to bring high quality care closer to home. I would remind everyone that a majority of the Senate defeated an amendment offered by my friend Paul Wellstone that would have raised VA medical care funding an additional $1.3 billion in Fiscal Year 2000. I was proud to vote for the increase, but disappointed that more of colleagues did not go along with this much-needed amendment.  We have a long way to go in ensuring that our veterans receive the health care that they so richly deserve. After many years of fixed funding and increased costs, we need continued funding increases, and new programs to provide higher quality care.  We must also keep our promises to those who have completed a military career. I have strongly supported efforts to improve TRICARE, the military health care system upon which military retirees rely for their health care. The system is generally sound, but problems have arisen in developing the provider networks and ensuring quick reimbursements for payments. Last November, I supported a TRICARE forum in Burlington, Vermont, to allow retirees and other participants to express their concerns directly to health care providers. Of course, we must also ensure that Medicare-eligible retirees continue to receive high quality health care.  What are we doing instead? In 1996, we changed the immigration laws to expedite deportation proceedings by cutting back on procedural safeguards and judicial review. The zealousness of Congress and the White House to be tough on aliens has successfully snared permanent residents who have spilled their blood for this country. As the INS prepares to deport American veterans for even the most minuscule criminal offenses, we have not even been kind enough to thank them for their service with a hearing to listen to their circumstances. Last year I introduced the Fairness to Immigrant Veterans Act, S. 871, to remedy this situation, but it has been bottled up in committee.  If we truly wish to do something patriotic, what we should be talking about is honoring our veterans. We should honor our veterans by answering Lincoln's call ``to care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow, and his orphan.'' We should honor our veterans with substance rather than symbols.  If we fail to meet the concrete needs of American veterans and try to push them aside with symbolic gestures, we will have failed in our duty not only to our veterans, but to our country, as well. I wonder where we would be if the effort and funds expended each year lobbying for the constitutional amendment had been directed toward the needs of our veterans and their familiesand to making sure that we honor them by fulfilling our commitments to them.  I see one of the many veterans of World War II serving still in the Senate, and I will yield to my friend and neighbor, the distinguished senior Senator from New York.  