President, last year I reluctantly cast my vote against the Trade and Development Act of 1999, a modest package of trade bills which included the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Carribean Basin Trade Enhancement Act.  I have long supported expanding trade opportunities for Vermonters and all Americans, as well as for people in developing countries. And I have felt for some time that our relationship with Africa cannot continue to be based almost exclusively on aid, when the real engine of development, as we have seen both at home and abroad, is investment and trade.  However, I voted against that bill because I felt that in developing a trade policy toward Africa--where poverty is deeply rooted and protections for the environment and the rights of workersare non-existent--precautions must be taken to ensure that it is a sound policy that responds to Africa's unique and urgent needs. I was disappointed that given the rare opportunity to examine and redefine our relationship with Africa, the approach was so limited and flawed.  There are many aspects of this conference report which I strongly support. Provisions which open new markets for American exports, while providing trade benefits that will help a number of countries compete more effectively in the global economy. Provisions which encourage countries to eliminate the worst forms of child labor, and raise the profile of U.S. agricultural interests in trade negotiations.  I remain disappointed, however, by the act's approach toward Africa.  It is astonishing that aside from Sense of Congress language about the need to strengthen efforts to combat desertification, the act in no way addresses environmental concerns. This is an unfortunate step backward from NAFTA, which--while they did not go far enough--contained side agreements on both environmental and labor issues.  Multinational corporations, especially mining and timber companies, have a long history of exploiting Africa's weak environmental laws and causing pollution, deforestation and the uprooting of people. There is a direct link between environmental degradation and civil unrest. If barriers to foreign investment are lowered or eliminated--as the act calls for--and meaningful, enforceable environmental protections are not put in place, these problems will only get worse.  The act's provision on workers' rights, most of which have been included in other trade legislation, have routinely allowed countries notorious for abuses to escape without penalty. Unions have rightly criticized them for being vague and unenforceable.  As the wealthiest nation, we have a responsibility to do what we can to ensure that the benefits of the global economy are enjoyed by people from all walks of life, here and abroad. However, the workers' rights provision in this act are an invitation for the continued exploitation of cheap African labor.  Mr. President, some have claimed that this legislation is an historic first step toward integrating Africa into the global economy. Others have called it a devastating blow that will force African countries to cut spending on education and health care, and to submit to strict International Monetary Fund conditions. It is neither.  The Trade and Development Act of 2000 is not going to cause the great economic boon some have predicted, and it may cause harm. But it is the wrong approach if we truly want to redefine our relationship with the region from one of dependency to one of actively promoting economic growth and self-reliance.  Like last year, I reluctantly cast my vote against the bill.  