President, I wish to do what I have done several times on the floor this week, and that is to thank my good friend and colleague, the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia. He is to all our colleagues not only a dear friend but a great mentor. As I have said--and I realize I repeat myself--I have learned so much history not only this week but in the 25 years I have served with him.  Senator Byrd was one of the very first Senators I met after I was elected to the Senate. We chatted at a dinner, in Boston, which he will recall, at the residence of the then-mayor of Boston--he and I and a classmate of mine from law school, John Durkin. John and I had both graduated from law school 10 years before, and probably of hubris, chutzpah, or foolishness, wewere both running for the Senate--10 years later, in 1974. We met with Senator Byrd at that time.  I began my practice of keeping a journal. I recently went back to read it. The Senator from West Virginia told of his childhood--not being one born with a silver spoon in his mouth. There probably wasn't a silver spoon in the house. He told me what he had done--self-taught, went on to school, learned more, and learned history as few men in this country ever have. But then he had the opportunity not only to learn history but to live history, as he has done day after day after day for over 40 years in the Congress of the United States, in both bodies.  I wrote down some of the things he said that night. I even wrote down the music we heard that evening.  When I came to the Senate as a 34-year-old--I was going to say ``former prosecutor'' but the first time I met him was before I was sworn in. I was still a prosecutor. I recall meeting with him during the lame duck session. I don't want to embarrass my good friend from West Virginia, because he met so many young Senators. But I remember so well that it was a lame duck session. I sat in the reception room and Senator Byrd came out. I started to reintroduce myself--after all, he meets so many--and he immediately referred to having met me and Senator-elect Durkin. He had absolute, total recall of that time.  I think about this because recently in an unpleasant and unfortunate constitutionally necessary event in this body a year ago when all 100 Members of the Senate sat at the impeachment trial. I recall a member of the other body made disparaging remarks about the Senate and that the House Managers would have to simplify things so we Senators could understand it. He came over to introduce himself to the distinguished Senator from West Virginia. I was sitting here.  He said: Senator Byrd, I may have somewhat overstated that.  Senator Byrd looked at him and said: I want you to understand two things: I pay close attention and I have a long memory.  I repeated that to my oldest son and he said: Dad, Senator Byrd's right on both accounts.  I know that long memory and we benefit by it.  I was thinking today when I came to work how fortunate I am. I have said many times on the floor of the Senate, we serve at the wishes of our State, but service is a privilege. Every time I come to the Capitol I feel privileged. I have felt no more privileged in my 25 years than in the past few days in this debate on the constitutional amendment. We can not debate anything more significant on this floor, anything that will affect history, long after we have gone. Some day, all 100 Senators who now serve will be gone and others will take our place. I hope they revere the Constitution, too.  I have not enjoyed any debate more than I have the past few days, partly because of my friend from West Virginia. We stood on many battles together on constitutional amendments. The Senator mentioned the balanced budget. I am sure we could go to West Virginia, Vermont, or anywhere else and take a poll on whether voters want a balanced budget amendment to balance the budget and, resoundingly, yes would be the answer. Senator Byrd, myself, and others had to go back and explain to the people of our States: You have trusted us with this vote. If we pander to you on this, we misplace your trust. We have to do it the right way.  We have a dear friend, a former colleague, a man for whom we both have respect and great affection, the distinguished former Senator from Oregon, Mark Hatfield. He and the Senator from West Virginia have served alternately as chairman and ranking member and then as ranking member and chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. I have quoted Senator Hatfield on this floor, and I believe my friend from West Virginia remembers very well that balanced budget vote under enormous pressure on the Senator from Oregon, especially when he knew it would be a 1-vote margin. He said he would vote to protect the Constitution and do what was right. Both the Senator from West Virginia and I complimented him afterwards. I remember the steadfastness of Senator Hatfield.  That is what we have to do on this floor. We have stood together on very difficult treaty matters. We have stood side by side casting votes that at the time were unpopular. History has proven us right.  The Senator from West Virginia has cast well over 15,000 votes; I became the 21st person to cast 10,000 votes, so I have a long way to catch up. We can all go back and find votes we might do differently today. But if it is a statute, if it is an amendment, if it is a procedural motion we usually get a chance to vote on it again.  If it is a budget matter, whatever the issue might be, it is going to come up again and again. Use your experience to make sure you do it right--maybe modify it, maybe change it, maybe repeal it, maybe add to it. There is one exception--a constitutional amendment. Write a constitutional amendment. If that is then ratified, if that goes into effect, we do not come back and change it.  Look at the example the distinguished Senator from West Virginia mentioned about prohibition, a bad mistake in the Constitution. A lot happened. Finally it was changed, but only after a great battle.  That is why we should always hesitate. That is why the dean of our party, the No. 1 in seniority in our party, has opposed this proposed constitutional amendment. From one who is No. 6 in seniority to the Senator who is No. 1, I applaud what the Senator has done.  This is not a party issue. The Senator from West Virginia knows we have had Senators from both sides of the aisle, even some who were cosponsors, say, ``You are right, let's back up.'' This proposed amendment will be withdrawn some time today. I hope the United States has learned the Constitution is not something to treat in a cavalier fashion.  I thank my friend from West Virginia.  