 I support extending the educational assistance benefits to the families of public safety officers who died in the line of duty. I supported those efforts when we acted for federal officers' families back in 1996 and when we extended those benefits to State and local officers' families in 1998.  A number of us joined with Senator Specter and Senator Kohl back in 1996 to pass the Federal Law Enforcement Dependents Assistance Act. Our efforts grew out of the Ruby Ridge investigation and our shared concern to help the family of U.S. Marshal Bill Degan and the families of others killed in the line of duty.  At the time we were unable to gain the consensus needed to authorize these education benefits to State and local law enforcement officers. Some thought that would cost too much. We came back in 1997 and 1998 and were able to pass the Public Safety Officers Educational Benefits Assistance Act to extend these educational benefits to State and local public safety officers. We were led in that effort by Senators Specter and Biden.  I am delighted to see these benefits expanded further by extending them retroactively by this bill, S. 1638. We were told in February that the estimated cost of this expansion would be $125 million. Since then we have received a significantly revised estimate from the CBO greatly diminishing the estimated costs. I do not know whether CBO was wrong in February or is wrong now, but I commend Senator Ashcroft and all the sponsors of this measure for their willingness to make this investment and authorize these payments.  I have said that rather than move the eligibility dates back approximately between 14 and 19 years, we should consider removing them altogether. I do not want some to be penalized by the arbitrary selection of the eligibility date. In this regard I have urged an amendment to take the eligibility dates back to at least January 1978, in order to cover at least one, and possibly more, Vermont families who suffered the loss of a family member who was a public safety officer earlier that year. The family of Arnold Magoon, a Vermont game warden, should not be penalized again because he died on April 27 and not after May 1 or October 1 of 1978.  I said in February when the committee considered this measure that I would be working to speed its passage and to help it achieve its goal of making these assistance payments as comprehensive as possible. As soon as the majority got around to suggesting consideration of this matter on Wednesday, May 10, I cleared it for consideration so that we could proceed.  In addition, I look forward to enacting additional measures that protect and assist State and local law enforcement. In particular, I was extremely disappointed last year when an anonymous Republican objection prevented S. 521, my bill to improve the Bulletproof Vest Grant Partnership Act, from passing. This bill would allow the Attorney General to waive or reduce the matching fund requirement for assisting poor and rural law enforcement units to provide this life-saving equipment to officers and prevent injury and death. I cannot understand why anyone would want to oppose that effort.  This year, in addition, I have joined again with Senator Campbell to introduce S. 2413 to improve our Bulletproof Vest Grant Partnership Act by reauthorizing the program for another 3 years, raising the annual appropriation to $50 million and guaranteeing to jurisdictions with populations less than 100,000 a fair share of these resources. Senator Hatch has joined us as a cosponsor of our measure.  I hope that the Judiciary Committee and the Senate will act on these measures without additional delay, as well.  