President, one of the privileges of serving in the Senate is the chance to hear debates--some good, some not so good. Periodically, we hear greatness in speeches. The Senate just heard greatness.  I think all Senators would agree, whether they are for or against this constitutional amendment, that when the history of this debate is written, when the history books are written, the speech of the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Byrd, will be in that recounting. This is the type of speech that students of constitutional history, students of the Constitution itself--and this Senator wishes there were more--will look to, and they will read and reread.  We sometimes forget that every 6 years, those of us who are fortunate to serve here, to serve more than once, take a very specific oath of office. I can think of times when various people have administered this oath, usually the Vice President of the United States. But I recall watching the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia administer that oath on a couple of occasions in his role as President pro tempore of the Senate.  There was one big difference when he administered it than when all the various Vice Presidents, Republican or Democrat, administered it. The difference is, they had a card before them and they read the oath. The Senator from West Virginia didn't need a card before him to do it. The Senator from West Virginia would stand there, tell them to raise their right hand, and he would administer the oath. There was no prompting. There was no teleprompter. There was no card. There was no book. There was the mind that carries the history of the United States Senate there, when he would do it.  I mention that oath because we swear we will uphold the Constitution, we will protect the Constitution. There could be no more solemn duty. If we are protecting the Constitution of this country, we are protecting the country itself. In this debate, that really is the issue.  I have said over and over again, I do not want to see the first amending of the Bill of Rights in over 200 years. I think we know from our history there have been times when we have amended the Constitution. We did it to provide, after the tragedy of the death of President Kennedy--I was not serving here at that time; the distinguished Senator from West Virginia was--a means of succession of Vice President. And in this era of the nuclear age and all, it is good we have that. But these are matters of enormous consequence. These are matters that can go to the very survival of our Nation and that make it possible, actually necessary, to amend the Constitution.  Let us not amend it simply because it is a matter of passing political favor.  I have spoken too long, and I do not wish to embarrass my friend. I have had the honor of serving with him for just over 25 years. There is hardly a day goes by that I do not learn something from the distinguished Senator from West Virginia. Today the Nation learned from the Senator.  