President, we Vermonters know that if you have a debt, you pay it off. It is time to pay off the national debt so our children do not have to. This will help us pay it off.  I thought it was time to introduce a dose of Yankee thrift in this debate. Though he is not a Yankee, the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin seems to share Vermonters' thrifty outlook. The amendment we are introducing is simple, but important. This amendment strikes Section 206 of the budget resolution to ensure that additional surpluses estimated by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reduce the national debt, instead of being used for irresponsible tax cuts.  The next CBO update in July is expected to increase the on-budget surplus by at least $40 billion over the next five years. As it now stands, Section 206 would allow Congress to apply those additional projected dollars to tax cuts, on top of the $150 billion in tax cuts already called for in the resolution. That would amount to $190 billion in tax cuts over five years, which is even larger than the fiscally irresponsible tax bill that Congress passed last year, and the President sagely vetoed. That bill would have cost $156 billion over five years and $850 billion over 10 years.  Without Section 206, which our amendment would strike, any windfall surplus estimated by CBO would go automatically towards reducing the national debt. In addition, striking this section would ensure that any increase in the projected surplus would further protect Social Security surpluses from additional spending. I thank Senator Kohl and our other cosponsors of this amendment for making the sensible choice, the thrifty choice, the Yankee choice, to make paying down the national debt our top priority.  In the 1980's, Congress went on a tax cut binge and left the bill for our children. During those years we all saw the lip service and slogans about balancing the budget, while Congress, President Reagan and President Bush simultaneously tripled the national debt and ran the biggest deficits of any nation in the history of the world. As a result, the national debt now stands at $3.6 trillion and the Federal government pays almost $1 billion in interest every working day on this debt. Now that we have surpluses, we have a chance and an obligation to pay off that debt. Let's not make the mistakes of the 1980's. Let's not just talk about balancing the budget and paying down the debt. Let's actually do it.  Nothing would do more to keep our economy strong than paying down our national debt. Paying down our national debt will keep interest rates low. Consumers gain ground with lower mortgage costs, car payments, credit card charges with low interest rates. And small business owners can invest, expand and create jobs with low interest rates.  A sound economy rests on a solid foundation of balanced revenue and spending policies. I am proud to have voted for the 1993 deficit reduction package, which was a tough vote around here, and has brought the deficit down. I am also proud to have voted for the 1997 balanced budget and tax cut package--tax cuts that were fully paid for by offsetting spending cuts, not by pie in the sky projected surpluses that had not yet materialized.  For the past seven years, the President and Congress have built this solid foundation by reducing the deficit and restraining spending. In 1992, President Clinton inherited a deficit of $290 billion. Since then, the Administration and Congress have steadily cut it down, turning it into a projected record surplus of $171 billion in 2000. Because of our sound fiscal policies, the national debt was $1.7 trillion lower in 1999 than was projected in 1993--that is $25,000 less debt for each family of four in Vermont.  These balanced policies have also kept interest rates down and employment up. Since 1993, the unemployment rate in Vermont has dropped from 5.8% to just 2.7%. Now that we have a projected surplus, we should stay the course of fiscal discipline rather than make irresponsible tax cuts. Paying down the debt, protecting Social Security and Medicare, investing in education, and providing hard working Americans with targeted tax cuts should be our top priorities.  The budget resolution we have before us would use almost the entire non-Social Security surplus for tax breaks which would primarily benefit the wealthy. CBO's recent estimates predict that over the next 5 years, the non-Social Security surplus will be $171 billion. The budget resolution calls for a minimum of $150 billion in tax cuts. When you take into account the cost of future interest payments due to a reduction in future surpluses, that brings us to $168 billion. That is 98% of the projected surplus. Not 25%, not 50%, not even 75%, but close to 100% of the projected surplus that will NOT be used to pay down the national debt, according to this resolution. This does not make fiscal sense.  Imagine that you had a credit card debt of $20,000 and you received a bonus of $1,000. Would you use only 2%, which is $20, of that bonus to pay down your substantial debt. Would you continue to carry a debt and waste money on interest payments when it is within your means to pay it down? I do not know of a single Vermonter who would make that choice and yet, incredibly, that is what the budget before us would recommend.  This budget resolution would use only 2% of projected non-Social Security projected surpluses to pay down the debt. Is this Congress serious about paying down the debt? Committing only 2% of projected surpluses to debt reduction suggests that the majority is not. Regardless of slogans offered or lip service paid to reducing the debt, the numbers speak for themselves.  Alan Greenspan and nearly every other economist who has testified before the Senate Budget and Finance Committees has stated that our nation's budget surpluses should be used to pay down the debt. And yet, the Republican budget resolution proposes far less debt reduction than the budgets developed by President Clinton and others. During markup in the budget committee, Senator Lautenberg offered an alternative budget that would have reduced $330 billion in debt over ten years, while providing almost $300 billion in targeted tax cuts--cuts that would go towards eliminating the marriage tax penalty, permitting the self-employed a full tax deduction for their health insurance and providing estate tax relief for family farmers and small business owners. Such cuts would be fair and targeted to help all Vermonters.  In 1993, Congress and President Clinton charted a course of fiscal discipline and the country has reaped the benefits of this successful plan. Republicans and Democrats can rightfully claim their shares of the credit for getting the nation's fiscal house in order. The important thing now is to keep our budget in balance, to pay down our debt, and to keep our economy growing. The amendment that I have offered with Senator Kohl will help us to reach these goals by ensuring that additional surpluses are used to pay down our national debt. I urge my colleagues to support our amendment.  