President, I appreciate the comments of my friend from Nevada. I also want to commend the distinguished senior Senator from Utah for his support of Judge Paez and Marsha Berzon.  Today, we are going to take up the long delayed nomination of Judge Julio Fuentes for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. It is long delayed; Judge Fuentes was nominated 365 days ago. We tried for a whole year to get his nomination moving. He was finally included in a confirmation hearing on February 22, then on to the Judiciary Committee 2 days later, then reported without a single objection.  Now, I understand it came on the calendar yesterday and the distinguished majority leader scheduled it immediately for a vote. I thank him for doing that. No need to linger, especially after waiting a year to get his hearing and a vote.  Moving at once from the hearing, quickly to a committee agenda and to committee consideration and on to the floor is how we used to proceed. In the days before 1994, nominees were favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee, then routinely considered by the Senate within a day or so thereafter. That was before the unfortunate practice that has developed in the last 6 years, where oft times extremely well-qualified nominees are held for long times--weeks, months, sometimes years.  I am glad in this case, at least, while he had to wait almost a year for a hearing, once we got the hearing, thenomination is being moved very quickly.  I look forward to Julio Fuentes' confirmation. I congratulate the two Senators from New Jersey, Mr. Lautenberg and Mr. Torricelli, for their longstanding support.  Having said that, we should look at where we are. We have 76 current vacancies on the Federal judiciary and 9 more on the horizon. Last month, the Judicial Conference renewed its request for an additional 59 judgeships and taking 10 of the existing temporary ones and making them permanent. There are only 22 weeks left in session this year. We should get moving if we are going to fulfill our constitutional responsibility and help the President fill these vacancies.  In the first 2 months of this year, the Senate has only confirmed four judicial nominations--two a month. Incidentally, having waited for some time to even have their hearings and have their vote, they were voted overwhelmingly. Two of them were confirmed by votes of 98-0, which makes one wonder why in Heaven's name they were held up so long. The other two did have opposition. They had two votes against them: 96 for them, 2 against them. Again, one wonders what held them up so long. In fact, they had all been reported favorably last year, or, as someone pointed out, last century, and voted on favorably this century. There are still three very important nominees reported last year to be taken up.  The distinguished majority leader and the distinguished minority leader had a colloquy last November 10 talking about them. I fully expect them to be voted up or down. The three are Richard Paez, Marsha Berzon, and Timothy Dyk. Each has waited more than 23 months for Senate action. The Los Angeles Times calls Judge Paez the Cal Ripken of judicial nominations. This distinguished Hispanic, a man with one of the highest ratings ever to come before the Senate, one of the most sterling backgrounds of any nominee by either Republicans or Democrats, this distinguished jurist has waited more than 4 years. That is unforgivable. We should do our constitutional duty and vote up or vote down, not vote maybe.  I am glad the majority leader has agreed to bring them to a Senate vote before the Ides of March. The nominees deserve to be treated with dignity and dispatch, not delayed for years.  Judge Paez has been pending for over 4 years. He has the strong support of his home State Senators and of local law enforcement. He has had a distinguished judicial career in which he has served as a State and Federal judge for I believe 19 years. His is a wonderful American story of hard work, fairness, and public service. He and his family have much of which they can be proud. Hispanic organizations from California and around the country have urged the Senate to act favorably and soon.  I hope we do the right thing when we are called upon to vote. As I recall, when Judge Sonia Sotomayor, another outstanding district court judge, was nominated to the Second Circuit and her nomination was delayed by this Senate, apparently she was so extremely well qualified, some feared if we confirmed her too quickly, she might possibly be considered as a Supreme Court nominee, and that is why she was held up through all kinds of secret holds. It was not the Senate's finest moment. In fact, after all the delay in Judge Sonia Sotomayor's case, it was interesting that not a single Senator who voted against her confirmation and not a single Senator who delayed her confirmation uttered a single word against her.  Any Senator can vote as he or she sees fit, but I hope in the case of Judge Richard Paez, where his nomination has been delayed for over 4 years--the longest period in the history of the Senate--that those who have opposed him will show him the courtesy of using this time to discuss with us any concerns they may have and explain the basis for the negative vote against a person so well qualified for this position.  I believe we should come to a vote on Timothy Dyk. We should have done so long before now. He was first nominated to a Federal vacancy in April of 1998. After having a hearing and being reported favorably, the Senate in September 1998 left without action. The President had to resubmit the name. He was renominated in January 1999, favorably reported again in October 1999.  Again, he is a man with a tremendous background. He is the only person I can remember clerking for three Supreme Court Justices. He is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, and others. I hope we will get on with this nomination.  I look forward to the Senate finally approving the nomination of Marsha Berzon to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. One-quarter of the active judgeships authorized for that court have been kept vacant for several years. The Judicial Conference recently requested that Ninth Circuit judgeships be increased, in light of its workload, by an additional five judges. That means that while Ms. Berzon and several other nominees have been waiting for confirmation, the court actually has been doing its work with 10 fewer judges than it needs.  Marsha Berzon is an outstanding nominee. She is an exceptional lawyer with extensive appellate practice, including a number of cases heard by the Supreme Court. She has the highest rating from the American Bar Association and the support of both the Senators from California.  It may well be coincidence, as someone suggests, that if you are a woman or a minority, you take a lot longer getting through the Senate. That is the way it has been the last 5 years.  The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court said:       Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time      for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote.      . . . The Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any      particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry,      it should vote him up or vote him down.  Which is exactly what I would like.  We had one minority nominee, an extremely well-qualified individual, Jorge Rangel. He became tired of waiting. He got into this block of, if you are a minority or a woman, one seems to take longer. He said to the President:       Our judicial system depends on men and women of good will      who agree to serve when asked to do so. But public service      asks too much when those of us who answer the call to service      are subjected to a confirmation process dominated by      interminable delays and inaction. Patience has its virtue,      but it also has its limits.  Jorge Rangel withdrew.  All three of the nominees reported last year and before have been extremely patient. Each remains among the 10 longest pending judicial nominations before the Senate, and one has waited the longest of anybody in the Senate's history.  Some say, if it is a Presidential election year, we have to slow things down--the so-called Thurmond rule. Sure, if we are within a couple months of a Presidential election, we might slow things down. But before people justify the fact we have only moved four judges this year, I remind my colleagues of what happened in Presidential election years past.  Let's take a few of the Presidential election years since I have been here: 1980 was a Presidential election year. We confirmed 64 judges that year; 1984 was a Presidential election year, and we confirmed 44 judges that year.  Let me take 1988, when President Reagan was at the end of his second term, as much of a lame duck as one could possibly be. There was a Democratic majority in the Senate. We could have done the same thing to President Reagan that the Republicans have been doing for years to President Clinton, but instead we confirmed 42 of his nominees.  A better example: In 1992, under President Bush, when he was about to become a lame duck President, during a Presidential election year, where Democrats were in the majority, we confirmed 66 judges, as compared to the 4 who have been confirmed this year. At the end of President Bush's term, with Democrats in the majority, we confirmed 66.  My friend from New York may be interested in knowing that in 1996, again at the end of the first term of President Clinton, where Republicans were in the majority--do you know how many were confirmed? Seventeen. Democrats confirmed 66 of a Republican President's nominees; Republicans confirmed 17 of a Democrat President's nominees.  What happens is qualified nominees, such as Richard Paez or Marsha Berzonor Tim Dyk, instead of being treated with dignity and dispatch, are delayed for years--or those like Jorge Rangel, they say: We cannot put up with the delay anymore. We withdraw our name.  Then we have to understand what this does to people who have offered themselves for this public service. But we have to also ask: What does it do to the independence of our Federal judiciary, the independence that is praised worldwide?  So if Judge Fuentes is confirmed this afternoon, as I fully expect he will, I congratulate him because he will be the first judicial nomination both reported by the Judiciary Committee and confirmed by the Senate this year.  I would hope that would give some indication that we might move forward with the nominations of Richard Paez, Marsha Berzon and Tim Dyk from years past, as well.  I am glad we are finally going to have the opportunity on this extremely well-qualified nominee to move forward to the Third Circuit. We will move forward on Judge Julio Fuentes, as I say, an outstanding Hispanic nominee, an outstanding American, to the Federal judiciary.  