President, I reiterate something the Senator from Kansas and the Republican floor leader on this bill have said, and that is that we hope, because of the request of a number of Senators on both sides of the aisle, to get these votes on both the Thompson point of order and final passage sometime midafternoon today. As one who holds the largest bulk of the individual time, I alert my colleagues that after the distinguished Senator from Utah and the distinguished Senator from Delaware, I will yield back the remaining part of that time which will move up somewhat the time of the vote.  The reason, incidentally, I have reserved the bulk of my time is to protect a number of Senators who wished to speak. I think virtually all of them have spoken. At least one of the Senators who would have wished to speak, the Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein, has just undergone surgery for an accident to her leg and is not going to be here, although, of course, any statement by her will be printed in the Record. But the others have spoken.  Mr. President, I am glad that the Senate is finally taking up this conference report. Unlike the conference on the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill that passed the Senate in May 1999 with a bipartisan majority of 73 votes, and so many other matters that are still left undone by this Congress, we have an opportunity through this conference report to come to conclusion on three items that I have supported and tried to pass for many months. Unfortunately, there are two additional, extraneous items that were added over my opposition and that should not have been added to this conference report at all. I will speak on each of these matters.  At the outset, I want to acknowledge the important work of Representative Conyers in the House, who has been a stalwart and consistent supporter of the Violence Against Women Act of 2000. Without his cooperation and support and the hard work of his staff, we would not be standing here today. I also want to pay tribute to the efforts of Senators Boxer, Mikulski, Lincoln, Landrieu, Murray and Feinstein. Their efforts throughout this Congress, including in the last several days, have made the difference in our ability to move forward to begin this debate today.  With Senators Kennedy, Biden, Specter, Smith and so many others, I have been urging the Republican leadership to take up and pass the Violence Against Women Act of 2000 for some time. I had to urge action by the Judiciary Committee for several weeks before we were finally able to have it added to the agenda on June 15, 2000. It was reported unanimously the same month. Over the last several months since this legislation was reported, I have worked and prodded and pushed along with our Democratic Leader Senator Daschle, Senator Reid, Senator Durbin, Senator Robb, Senator Bingaman and others on both sides of the aisle to try to get this matter taken up and passed without further delay.  The President of the United States wrote the Majority Leader back on September 27, 2000 urging passage. The First Lady and the Vice President had previously called for passage back in June at the time of the Judiciary Committee markup. The Violence Against Women Act of 2000 is a matter upon which we need to act.  I addressed this matter twice on the Senate floor in late September when an effort was being made by some on the Republican side of the aisle to try to use VAWA as a vehicle to force consideration of a flawed bankruptcy bill or to override Oregon state law. I said that playing political games with this important legislation was the wrong thing to do and that VAWA should not be used as leverage to enact less worthy provisions. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in the Senate has been adamant in its refusal to take up and consider VAWA as a stand alone matter, even after the House passed its bill by a 415 to 3 vote. While we have been successful in preventing VAWA from being used as a vehicle for some measures, thanks in part to the President pro tempore Senator Thurmond and Senator Brownback honoring commitments they made to me in order to go to conference, we have not been wholly successful and two additional and unfortunate riders are included over my objection in this conference report.  Due to their dilatory tactics, VAWA was allowed by the Republican leadership to lapse on Saturday, September 30, despite the fact that it has served the women of this country well and the measure had passed the House by a vote of 415 to 3. Such inaction by the current Senate majority is not limited to reauthorization of VAWA. Congressional leaders have continued to drag their feet on enacting comprehensive juvenile crime prevention and enforcement legislation and reasonable gun safety measures, which have been stalled in conference for over a year. Judicial vacancies around the country and most acutely in our federal courts of appeals remain vacant month after month, year after year, while qualified women and men cannot get a hearing or a vote. Legislation to extend the Campbell-Leahy program to help provide bulletproof vests for local law enforcement officers was the victim of a secret hold in the Republican Senate cloakroom. Important intellectual property legislation is stalled without explanation by a similar anonymous hold on the other side of the aisle. And hate crime legislation, the Local Law Enforcement Enhancement Act of 2000, has been dropped in conference in spite of the votes in both the Senate and House approving it.  I am pleased that we will finally be able to reestablish the Violence Against Women Act, a law that makes such a profound difference in the lives of women and families who fall victim to domestic violence. I would not normally support efforts to add extraneous items in a conference report. In this case, in light of the unwillingness of the Senate Republican leadership to allow the Senate to act on the Violence Against Women Act of 2000 and the lapse of its authorization, I joined with Senator Biden and Senator Hatch to add it to the sex trafficking conference report we now consider.  I agreed with Senator Biden's assessment that in light of its importance and the resistance we have seen from the Senate Republican leadership to proceed to the VAWA bill for a straight up or down vote, this was the only way we would ever be able to get it considered by the Senate this year. I commend Senator Biden for making clear at the second and last meeting of the conferees on September 28th that he intended to insist on the conference reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. Indeed, I had raised it at our initial meeting of conferees as the one thing we should consider adding to this bill, if anything extraneous was to be considered.  Unfortunately, when we voted on adding VAWA to the conference report,only three Senate conferees voted to support it--Senators Biden, Hatch and me--and the other four Senate conferees all voted against. I am glad that over the ensuing days, the other four Senate conferees and the House conferees, whose votes initially seemed to doom this effort, have reversed position and joined with us to add VAWA into this conference report. I am glad that others agree with us that while we need to address the tragic plight of women who are brought to the United States, we need to pass reauthorization of VAWA to help battered women in this country, as well.  Although a conferee, I did not sign the conference report that we consider today. It may come as a surprise to some who have served in this body and remember how conferences are supposed to proceed, that I was not given an opportunity to consider the final report or to sign before it was filed. Indeed, after a second short meeting of conferees, the final meeting, which had been promised so that we could finalize our action, never occurred. Side deals were struck and broken and revised and implemented without resuming the conference. Legislating around here has come to resemble the television program ``Survivor'' more than the process intended by the Constitution or our Senate rules. We have all become increasingly accustomed to shortcuts in the legislative process, but we are now getting to the point that once sufficient numbers of signatures are obtained on a conference report, once an alliance has formed, conferees from the minority may not even be accorded an opportunity to view the final package let alone asked for their views. In this matter, after I had worked to ensure that VAWA was included in the conference report, I was treated like a member of the ill-fated Pagong tribe.  Had I been consulted we might have avoided the extended debate and point of order that Senator Thompson is bringing today. I was able to intervene just before the filing of the conference report when I obtained a draft that showed the elimination of the small state minimum funding level in certain grant programs. These eliminations would have been such a disaster for Vermont, New Hampshire, Delaware, Utah, Alaska and so many small and rural states that I had raise a strong objection and the small state minimum of $600,000 for shelters was restored by a last-minute handwritten change to the final conference report.  Unfortunately, while this conference report contains provisions that enjoy broad bipartisan support and will make a positive contribution to the well-being of many people, the Republican majority could not resist loading this conference report with other legislative proposals that are so problematic they could not have passed as stand-alone measures in this or any other Congress.  Let me begin by reviewing the positive parts of this conference report. These are the reasons that, last Friday, our colleagues in the House passed the Conference Report on Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act 371 to 1.  The trafficking of people for the illicit sex trade or slave labor is plainly abhorrent. This conference report partially addresses that problem by providing additional authority to law enforcement and offering visas to victims of severe trafficking, among other measures. Those who have experienced the horror of trafficking and are willing to assist law enforcement in prosecuting trafficking should receive the option of staying in the United States. The law enforcement and immigration measures in this report are the result of compromises reached between both Houses and both sides. In some cases, especially in the immigration area, these provisions are not as generous as I and many other members of this conference would prefer.  This bill will also insist that information about severe forms of trafficking in persons be provided in the annual State Department Country Report for each foreign country, an important step forward in our attempts to raise consciousness about this issue. It also provides for the establishment of an Inter-Agency Task Force to monitor and combat trafficking, with annual and interim reports on countries whose governments do not comply with the minimum standards. The bill calls upon the President to establish initiatives to enhance economic opportunity for potential trafficking victims, such as microcredit lending programs, training, and education.  As someone who has been a strong supporter of human rights, both in the United States and abroad, I am pleased to be associated with this attempt to reduce trafficking and protect its victims. I hope that the Senate can also turn its attention to human rights issues that affect immigrants who arrive in the United States willingly. In particular, I request that the Senate consider S. 1940, the Refugee Protection Act, a bill I have introduced with Senator Brownback that would restrict the use of expedited removal to times of immigration emergencies. Under expedited removal, those who flee persecution in their home countries face automatic removal from our country if they are traveling without documents, or even with documents that are facially valid but that an INS officer suspects are invalid. The limited protections that were built into this process when it was adopted in 1996 have proven insufficient, and we are receiving continuing reports of people in real danger being forced to leave the United States without even a hearing. This is simply inappropriate, and does an injustice to our nation's reputation as a haven for the oppressed.  As I already noted, reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, or VAWA II, was also added to this report with strong bipartisan support. This is a particularly appropriate bill to add to this conference report. As the conference report states, ``[t]raffickers primarily target women and girls, who are disproportionately affected by poverty, the lack of access to education, chronic unemployment, discrimination, and the lack of economic opportunity in countries of origin.'' VAWA II contains a number of important programs to protect women and children in this country, and would complement the goals of this legislation.  I witnessed the devastating effects of domestic violence early in my career as the Vermont State's Attorney for Chittenden County. In those days, long before the passage of the VAWA, Vermont lacked the support programs and services to assist victims of domestic violence. Today, because of the effort and dedication of people in Vermont and across the country who work on these problems every day, an increasing number of women and children are receiving help through domestic violence programs and shelters around the nation.  Six years ago, VAWA passed Congress as part of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act. That Act combined tough law enforcement strategies with safeguards and services for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. I am proud to say that Vermont was the first State in the country to apply for and receive funding under VAWA. Since VAWA was enacted, Vermont has received almost $14 million in VAWA funds. Since the passage of VAWA in 1994, I have been privileged to work with groups such as the Vermont Network Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault and the Vermont Center for Crime Victim Services and countless advocates who work to stop to violence against women and who provide assistance to victims.  This funding has enabled Vermont to develop specialized prosecution units and child advocacy centers throughout the state. Lori Hayes, Executive Director of the Vermont Center for Crime Victim Services and Marty Levin of the Vermont Network Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Abuse have been especially instrumental in coordinating VAWA grants in Vermont. Their hard work has brought grant funding to Vermont for encouraging the development and establishment of arrest policies for combating rural domestic violence and child abuse. These grants have made a real difference in the lives of those who suffer from violence and abuse. Reauthorization of these vital programs in VAWA II will continue to build on these successes.  VAWA II continues to move us toward reducing violence against women by strengthening law enforcement through the extension of STOP grants, which encourage a multi-disciplinary approach to improving the criminal justice system's response to violence against women. With support from STOP grants, law enforcement, prosecutors, courts, victim advocates andservice providers work together to ensure victim safety and offender accountability.  The benefits of STOP grants are evident throughout Vermont. With STOP grants the Windham County Domestic Violence Unit, the Rutland County Women's Network and Shelter and others like them have enhanced victim advocacy services, improved safety for women and children, and ensured that perpetrators are held accountable. The Northwest Unit for Special Investigations in St. Albans, Vermont, established a multi-disciplinary approach to the investigation of adult sexual assault and domestic violence cases with the help of STOP funds. By linking victims with advocacy programs at the time of the initial report, the Unit finds that more victims get needed services and support and thus find it easier to participate in the investigation and subsequent prosecution. The State's Attorney's Office, which has designated a prosecutor to participate in the Unit, has implemented a new protocol for the prosecution of domestic violence cases. The protocol and multi-disciplinary approach are credited with an 80 percent conviction rate in domestic violence and sexual assault cases.  Passing VAWA II will continue grants that strengthen pro-arrest policies and enforcement of protection orders. In a rural state like Vermont, law enforcement agencies greatly benefit from cooperative, inter-agency efforts to combat and solve significant problems. Last year, approximately $850,000 of this funding supported Vermont efforts to encourage arrest policies.  Vermont will also benefit from the extension of Rural Domestic Violence and Child Victimization Enforcement Grants under VAWA II. These grants are designed to make victim services more accessible to women and children living in rural areas. I worked hard to see these provisions included in the original VAWA in 1994, and I am proud that its success has merited an increased authorization for funding in VAWA II. Rural Domestic Violence and Child Victimization Enforcement Grants have been utilized by the Vermont Network Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault, the Vermont Attorney General's Office, and the Vermont Department of Social and Rehabilitation Services to increase community awareness, develop cooperative relationships between state child protection agencies and domestic violence programs, expand existing multi disciplinary task forces to include allied professional groups, and create local multi-use supervised visitation centers.  VAWA II also reauthorizes the National Stalker and Domestic Violence Reduction Grant. This important grant program assists in the improvement of local, state and national crime databases for tracking stalking and domestic violence. As we work to prevent violence against women, we must not forget those who have already fallen victim to it. VAWA II recognizes that combating violence against women extends beyond providing assistance to victims, it includes preventing women from becoming victims at all.  The National Domestic Violence Hotline, which has assisted over 180,000 callers, will continue its crucial operation through the reauthorization of VAWA. Much like the state hotline that the Vermont Network Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault helped establish in Vermont, the National Hotline reaches victims who may feel they have nowhere to turn.  I am especially pleased to see that VAWA II will authorize a new grant program for civil legal assistance. In the past, funding for legal services for victims of domestic violence was dependent on a set-aside in the STOP grant appropriation. This separate grant authorization will allow victims of violence, stalking and sexual assault, who would otherwise be unable to afford professional legal representation, to obtain access to trained attorneys and advocacy services. In my State, Vermont Legal Aid, the Vermont Network to End Domestic Violence and the South Royalton Legal Clinic of Vermont Law School are currently involved in a collaborative project to expand civil legal assistance services to domestic violence victims across the state. These three organizations are partnering to create Intensive Service Teams that will provide coordinated civil legal assistance and victim advocacy in Rutland County and the Northeast Kingdom. Grants such as this one that support training, technical assistance and support for cooperative efforts between victim advocacy groups and legal assistance providers will continue to prosper under VAWA II.  I remain concerned, however, over a highly objectionable provision that prohibits any expenditure of the civil legal assistant grant funds to support litigation with respect to abortion. Currently, the Legal Services Corporation (LSC) operates under two abortion-related restriction provisions: The 1974 LSC statute bans the use of federally appropriated Corporation funds for legal assistance for any abortion-related proceeding or litigation. Additionally, an appropriations rider to the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill restricts LSC funds from use by any person or entity that participates in abortion-related litigation.  The language in VAWA II bill reaches further, in the sense that it would ban more organizations than just LSC from spending funds on abortion-related litigation. Under the Senate language, grants can be made to private, nonprofit entities, Indian tribal governments, and publicly funded organizations such as law schools. These grantees are certainly worthy and appropriate to provide these services generally; the objection is solely that they should not be gagged from providing abortion related legal assistance. I am concerned about the precedent this provision would set in expanding the restriction on abortion-related litigation to other programs and organizations. I think this kind of language should give us pause as we consider the effect it would have on victims who, in the face of domestic violence, sexual assault in family relationships, incest or rape, must run a gauntlet of congressionally imposed barriers in order simply to obtain full and complete information about their comprehensive health-care options.  The original VAWA authorized funding for programs that provide shelter to battered women and children. I am pleased to see that VAWA II expands this funding so that facilities such as the Women Helping Battered Women Shelter in Burlington, Vermont, and the Rutland County Women's Shelter in Rutland, Vermont will continue to serve victims in their most vulnerable time of need. As I have noted, at one point I obtained a draft conference report that had dropped the $600,000 small state minimum funding these grants. I am relieved that my objection was heard and the minimum restored.  As glad as I am that we are finally reauthorizing VAWA, this is not the version of VAWA that I cosponsored and supported in the Judiciary Committee and urged the Senate to enact. In fact, this is not the VAWA II bill that was negotiated among staff at a bipartisan, bicameral meeting earlier in this process. The version of VAWA II in this conference report was negotiated behind closed doors in the last minutes before the conference report was filed. Unfortunately, this approach saw additional provisions added and struck that have diminished the final product. One provision of particular concern to me is that on transitional housing.  The previous Senate version of the Violence Against Women Act of 2000, S. 2787, had over 70 co-sponsors. I am one of them. That version included better provisions on transitional housing assistance. It would have been a significant improvement over the original VAWA. This new grant program for short-term housing assistance and support services for homeless families who have fled from domestic violence environments was a priority for me and Vermont, where availability of affordable housing is at an all-time low. Unfortunately, this authorization was reduced to one year without my consent. Those involved in the discussions attribute the change to ``jurisdictional concerns'' of the Health, Labor and Pensions Committee. I look forward to working with Senators Jeffords, Gregg and Kennedy next year during reauthorization of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to extend the authorization of this important program. We should all be concerned with providing victims of domestic violence with a safe place to recover from their traumatic experiences. In addition, I would like to see more supportfor groups that address the need for funding for under-served populations.  There are positive things to come out of the revised version of VAWA II. I am pleased that we were able to cover ``dating violence'' in most of the provisions and grant programs. The Bureau of Justice Statistics report indicates that more than four in every 10 incidents of domestic violence involves non-married persons, and further, that the highest rate of domestic violence occurs among young people aged 16-24. It is crucial that we authorize prosecution of their offenders. We cannot ignore this increasingly at risk segment of the population. The House-passed version of VAWA II had contained such provisions and I support them as they have been incorporated into the conference report.  In 1994, we designed VAWA to prevent abusive husbands from using control over their wives' immigration status to control them. Over the ensuing six years we have discovered additional areas that need to be addressed to protect immigrant women from abuse, and have attempted to do so in this legislation. VAWA II will ensure that the immigration status of battered women will not be affected by changes in the status of their abusers. It will also make it easier for abused women and their children to become lawful permanent residents and obtain cancellation of removal. With this legislation, battered immigrant women should not have to choose to stay with their abusers in order to stay in the United States.  I am pleased that we have taken these additional steps to protect immigrant women facing domestic abuse in the United States. I would also like to point out the difficult situation of immigrant women who face domestic violence if they are returned to their home country.  Numerous cases have arisen recently in which women who fear being killed by abusive spouses in their native lands were denied claims for asylum, despite the fact that the police in those countries do not enforce what limited laws apply to domestic violence. There are additional cases in which women who fear for their lives due to ingrained social practices--such as ``honor killings'' in Jordan, in which families have female relatives killed for ``dishonoring'' them--have lost asylum claims. The Attorney General is currently reviewing the Board of Immigration Appeals decision Matter of R-A-, which is the precedent on which these later decisions have been based. I have written, along with Senator Landrieu and many other of my colleagues, urging the Attorney General to reverse this decision and protect women who face persecution. I renew that request today, and hope that the passage of this legislation will prompt action on this issue as well.  The conference report includes a provision that would require dissemination of sex registry information to colleges and universities. Currently, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) applies strict restrictions on the dissemination of information in ``education records,'' but these restrictions are specifically defined to exclude ``records maintained by a law enforcement unit'' of the school and were created for a law enforcement purpose. Thus, to the extent that campus police get information about registered sex offenders under State law, they are able to use it as they wish. Apparently not satisfied to leave this issue to the States, the conference report would mandate that States provide sex registry information concerning students to colleges and universities where the students are registered.  I see no need to impose a federal disclosure requirement when the States are now free to regulate as they see fit the dissemination of sex registry information to schools and campus police, who may use it to protect the safety of those on campus. No one is opposed to taking adequate safety measures regarding sex offenders on campus. My concern has to do with unnecessary federal mandates when the States are perfectly capable of addressing the issue.  VAWA II includes a provision to enhance protections for older women from domestic violence and sexual assault. Last year I introduced the Seniors Safety Act, S. 751, which would enhance penalties for crimes against seniors. This provision in VAWA II is an important complement to that legislation and I am pleased this provision has been able to generate wide support.  VAWA II would also help young victims of crime through funding for the establishment of safe and supervised visitation centers for children in order to reduce the opportunity for domestic violence. Grants will also be extended to continue funding agencies serving homeless youth who have been or who are at risk of abuse and to continue funding for victims of child abuse, including money for advocates, training for judicial personnel and televised testimony.  Many of the most successful services for victims start at the local level, such as Vermont's model hotline on domestic violence and sexual assault. VAWA II recognizes these local successes and continues grant funding of community demonstration projects for the intervention and prevention of domestic violence.  The original VAWA was an important and comprehensive Federal effort to combat violence against women and to assist the victims of such violence. Passage of VAWA II gives us the opportunity to continue funding these successful programs, to improve victim services, and to strengthen these laws so that violence against women is eliminated. I am pleased that we were able to find a way to get this considered and passed. I deeply regret that we have not been able to do so in stand-alone legislation or before VAWA expired last month.  The conference report also includes the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act. I commend Senators Lautenberg and Mack for working with the Administration on this consensus legislation which addresses serious policy concerns raised by prior versions of the bill. This measure has been cleared for action and passage by unanimous consent for some time by all Democratic Senators. In my view, it should have been passed in its own right a long time ago.  The Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act addresses an issue that should deeply concern all of us: the enforcement of court-ordered judgments that compensate the victims of state-sponsored terrorism. This legislation has the strong support of American families who have lost loved ones due to the callous indifference to life of international terrorist organizations and their client states, and it deserves our support as well.  One such family is the family of Alisa Flatow, an American student killed in Gaza in a 1995 bus bombing. The Flatow family obtained a $247 million judgment in Federal court against the Iranian-sponsored Islamic Jihad, which proudly claimed responsibility for the bombing that took her life. But the family has been unable to enforce this judgment because Iranian assets in the United States remain frozen.  The conference report that the Senate passes today will provide an avenue for the Flatow family and others in their position to recover some of the damages due them under American law. It will permit these plaintiffs to attach certain foreign assets to satisfy the compensatory damages portion of their judgments against foreign states for personal injury or death caused by an act of torture, extrajudicial killing, aircraft sabotage, hostage taking, or the provision of material support or resources for such an act. It will also permit these plaintiffs to recover post-judgment interest and, in the case of claims against Cuba, certain amounts that have been awarded as sanctions by judicial order.  I am also pleased that this measure also includes a Leahy-Feinstein amendment dealing with support for victims of international terrorism. This amendment will enable the Office for Victims of Crime to provide more immediate and effective assistance to Americans who are victims of terrorism abroad--Americans like those killed or injured in the embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania, and in the Pan Am 103 bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland. These victims deserve help, but according to OVC, existing programs are failing to meet their needs. Working with OVC, we have crafted legislation to correct this problem.  The Leahy-Feinstein part of this measure will permit the Office for Victims of Crime to serve these victims better by expanding the types of assistance for which the VOCA emergencyreserve fund may be used, and the range of organizations to which assistance may be provided. These changes will not require new or appropriated funds: They simply allow OVC greater flexibility in using existing reserve funds to assist victims of terrorism abroad, including the victims of the Lockerbie and embassy bombings.  This provision will also authorize OVC to raise the cap on the VOCA emergency reserve fund from $50 million to $100 million, so that the fund is large enough to cover the extraordinary costs that would be incurred if a terrorist act caused massive casualties, and to replenish the reserve fund with unobligated funds from its other grant programs.  At the same time, the provision will simplify the presently-authorized system of using VOCA funds to provide victim compensation to American victims of terrorism abroad, by permitting OVC to establish and operate an international crime victim compensation program. This program will, in addition, cover foreign nationals who are employees of any American government institution targeted for terrorist attack. The source of funding is the VOCA emergency reserve fund, which we authorized in an amendment I offered to the 1996 Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act.  Finally, the provision clarifies that deposits into the Crime Victims Fund remain available for intended uses under VOCA when not expended immediately. This should quell concerns raised regarding the effect of spending caps included in appropriations bills last year and this. I understand the appropriations' actions to have deferred spending but not to have removed deposits from the Fund. This provision makes that explicit.  I want to thank Senator Feinstein for her support and assistance on this initiative. Senator Feinstein cares deeply about the rights of victims, and I am pleased that we could work together on some practical, pragmatic improvements to our federal crime victims' laws. We would have liked to do more. In particular, we would have liked to allow OVC to deliver timely and critically needed emergency assistance to all victims of terrorism and mass violence occurring outside the United States and targeted at the United States or United States nationals.  Unfortunately, to achieve bipartisan consensus on this provision, we were compelled to restrict OVC's authority, so that it may provide emergency assistance only to United States nationals and employees. It seems more than a little bizarre to me that the richest country in the world would reserve emergency aid for victims of terrorism who can produce a passport or W-2. I will continue to work with OVC and victims' organization to remedy this anomaly.  I regret that we have not done more for victims this year, or during the last few years. I have on several occasions noted my concern that we not dissipate the progress we could be making by focusing exclusively on efforts to amend the Constitution. Regretfully, I must note that the pace of victims legislation has slowed noticeably and many opportunities for progress have been squandered. I look forward to continuing to work with the Administration, victims groups, prosecutors, judges and other interested parties on how we can most effectively assist victims and provide them the greater voice and rights that they deserve.  This is the third good part of the package that comes before the Senate today. The sex trafficking bill, VAWA II and the Justice for Victims of Terrorism legislation could each have passed in its own right. The are being bundled together because the Republican leadership refused to proceed to consideration of VAWA II or the victims legislation and this session is drawing to a close. We are already passed the sine die adjournment date that had been set by the Majority Leader. We are already into the second or third or fourth continuing resolution needed to keep the government operating while Congress completes appropriations bills that should have been enacted in July and September.  While the conference report contains many provisions which I support, it also has been used as a vehicle for some pet Republican legislative projects that I do not endorse. I refer specifically to ``Aimee's law'' and the ``Twenty-First Amendment Enforcement Act.''  The conference report contains a legislative proposal called ``Aimee's law,'' which, though well intended, will not serve this country well. We all shudder when a violent offender is incarcerated for an insufficient length of time only to be released and claim another victim. Let us be clear: everyone agrees that serious violent offenders should serve appropriate and sufficient incarceration. Yet, Aimee's law is not the way to pursue this goal. Neither Aimee's law or Congress can accurately assess with one hundred percent accuracy which offender will be a recidivist and which offender will not. This proposal has myriad practical implementation problems that will make this law a headache to administer for the States and the Department of Justice, without living up to its promise of stopping future tragedies.  Ironically, Aimee's law will adversely affect the States' ability to fight crime. By taking law enforcement funds away from the states, the legislation will in effect reduce the states' capacity to fight crime. The Pennsylvania Secretary of Corrections has advised that ``Pennsylvania, along with many other states, plans for the use of federal law enforcement money years in advance. Excessive penalties have a high potential to interfere with states' abilities to keep violent offenders--including those who have committed Aimee's law crimes--incarcerated for longer periods of time.''  Specifically, this proposal would allow a state to apply to the Attorney General for reimbursement of the costs for investigation, prosecution and incarceration of prisoners who were previously convicted in another state for murder, rape or a dangerous sexual offense. The source of the reimbursement funds will be from Federal law enforcement assistance funds that would otherwise be paid out to the state that convicted the individual of the prior offense and released that offender.  Last year, this proposal was adopted as an amendment to S. 254, the Juvenile Justice bill. Even then I expressed grave reservations with the language and complications contained in the legislation. Specifically, I noted that the proposal was ``extremely complicated and can create a great deal of problems with some States'' and offered ``to work more on the language to see if there are areas of unnecessary complication that could be removed.'' (Record, May 19, 2000, p. S5526). Unfortunately, the juvenile justice conference, in which the language of this proposal could have been refined, has failed to meet for over a year. Apparently, the Republican leadership intends to end the Congress without ever completing work on the juvenile crime bill.  By any stretch of the imagination, the costs of Aimee's law outweigh its promised benefits:  First, Aimee's law penalizes states' law enforcement not for their own actions, but for the actions taken by judicial and corrections officers resulting in the release of a defendant who has not served the incarceration period required under Aimee's law. Indeed, defendants who escape from jail without serving their full term and commit subsequent crimes could subject the state in which they committed their initial crimes to decreased federal funds otherwise used to help law enforcement.  Second, Aimee's law requires the annual collection, maintenance and reporting of criminal history for violent offenders and covers not just those offenders currently in the system but any such offender no matter how long ago that offender was convicted, served time and was released. This provision alone demands an enormous investment of time and money, neither of which the legislation provides, to build the criminal history database necessary to implement the new law. As the Department of Justice has pointed out, ``[s]ince no time limit is imposed between the prior and subsequent convictions, the system would require electronic criminal records that do not now exist and would be very expensive to accumulate.'' This ``would require the establishment of a major national data center to collect and match state records'' and constitutes an ``unfunded mandate.''  During a colloquy in the House on October 6th, Congressman Conyersasked a House sponsor of Aimee's law whether it was the drafters' intent that Aimee's law shall apply prospectively, that is only to offenders whose first sentence for a covered offense occurs on or after the effective date of this law, January 1, 2002, and the sponsor responded affirmatively. Yet, the law remains murky on this point since the effective date may be construed to apply only to the time when states may make applications for reimbursement, not to when the offenses occurred. We have two years before the effective date to clarify this point, and others, in this problematic law.  Third, while Aimee's law would exempt certain States from application of the law, those exemptions are predicated, in part, upon ``the average term of imprisonment imposed for that offense in all States.'' The Pennsylvania Director of Corrections has pointed out that ``[t]here is no record of what the national `average. . .' is for crimes covered in this language. Further, if such an average existed, it would continually fluctuate, guaranteeing that there would always be some states out of compliance.''  Fourth, Aimee's law adopts offense definitions that are unclear and fail to conform to the offense definitions found in the federal criminal code or to the standard legal terms used in state codes making it difficult to enforce Aimee's law across state lines.  The National Governors' Association has repeatedly registered its disapproval of Aimee's law as ``onerous, impractical and unworkable.'' Consequently, States may simply agree among themselves not to file the applications with the Attorney General required to obtain reimbursement. Indeed, such an application might trigger a retaliatory review of the applicant's own record of released defendants and result in reduction of important federal funds. As a consequence, states may view invocation of Aimee's law reimbursement provisions as a risky proposition.  In short, Aimee's law is an empty promise that may make good fodder for 60-second campaign spots but will do nothing to continue the progress we have made over the last eight years to reduce the violent crime rate or to truly help crime victims.  Senator Hatch has insisted that the ``Twenty-First Amendment Enforcement Act'' be included in the conference report, despite the fact that the conference met September 28th, and expressly rejected inclusion of this proposal in the conference report. It was rejected by the Senate conferees and the House conferees went so far as to adopt the position that no extraneous legislation would be added to the sex trafficking provisions. Nevertheless, the conference report contains Senator Hatch's bill, which amounts to a double whammy--it is unnecessary and dangerous to e-commerce. The purported goal of this legislation is to enforce state liquor laws. The approach of this legislation sets a dangerous precedent by erecting barriers to interstate and electronic commerce.  Specifically, the bill would permit the enforcement of state liquor laws in Federal court. This expansion of the jurisdiction of the Federal courts is not warranted. State attorneys general are already enforcing their state liquor laws in state courts--whether the alcohol was brought over the Internet or over the counter at the corner store. The Internet has not changed the enforcement of state liquor laws.  This year, for instance, the Utah Attorney General successfully enforced that state's liquor laws against an out-of-state direct sales shipper of alcoholic beverages. That case resulted in fines of more than $25,000 and guilty pleads by an out-of-state direct shipper to state law counts of unlawfully importing alcohol and selling it to a minor.  Indeed, the Utah Attorney General, Jan Graham, declared: ``This case represents a significant win for Utah. No longer can retailers claim that we have no authority over illegal transactions that occur outside of the state. If you're shipping to a Utah resident, we can and will prosecute you.''  This legislation is using the Internet as an excuse to impose a Federal fix for a problem that is already being solved at the state level. Whatever happened to Federalism? In fact, the National Conference of State Legislatures opposes this legislation, calling the bill ``an overreaction to a situation which can be reconciled among the states and not in a federal court.''  Skeptics rightly are concerned that some may be using the Internet as an excuse to protect the decades-old distribution system for wine and other alcoholic beverages. Although the Internet has not changed state liquor law enforcement, it has opened up the wine and beer market to new consumer choices and competition.  With the power of electronic commerce, adult consumers now have the freedom to choose from a rich assortment of different wine and beer products--from small wineries to nationwide brewers in America or any other country in the world.  We should be embracing this free market and open competition. Competition in the free market is the American way. But instead some wine and beer wholesalers want to use this legislation as a protectionist ploy to keep their present distribution system, which effectively locks out small wineries and micro-breweries from ever getting their products on a store shelf. Mothers Against Drunk Driving and the National Conference of State Legislatures have noted that this Federal legislation is nothing more than an attempt to use the Federal courts in a disagreement between wholesalers and small independent wineries and breweries.  On August 12, 1999, The Wall Street Journal wrote about this legislation: ``This is a bad bill, with dangerous consequences not only for alcohol but for the future of e-commerce and other cross-state transactions.'' I whole-heartedly agree.  The Department of Justice has warned Congress in relation to legislation affecting the Internet that: ``[A]ny prohibitions that are designed to prohibit criminal activity on the Internet must be carefully drafted to accomplish the legislation's objectives without stifling the growth of the Internet or chilling its use.'' This bill fails that test. It is not carefully crafted. In fact, it is not even needed. It also could chill the use of the Internet as a means of promoting interstate commerce.  I will vote in support of this conference report because the provisions on sex trafficking, VAWA and justice for victims are proposals I endorse. I do so with profound regret with the process and that the majority insisted on including Aimee's law and the internet alcohol bill that are not well considered. They are the price that we pay for making progress here today. I will work to see if we can limit their damage.  In closing, I wish to thank the conferees and their staffs who showed courtesy to me and mine. In particular, I thank Karen Knutsen of Senator Brownback's staff and Mark Lagon and Brian McKee of the staff of the Foreign Relations Committee. I thank Nancy Zirkin of the American Association of University Women and Pat Reuss of the NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund for their efforts on behalf of VAWA II. This has been a difficult matter at a difficult time that is being concluded as best we can under these circumstances in order to enact the sex trafficking legislation, VAWA II and the victims bill for all the good they can mean.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  