President, I applaud the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts for his statement as a decorated war veteran. He does not have to prove his courage or his commitment to our country or our symbols. He has already done that. He has done that in combat, and he has done it to honor himself but also the country.  Everybody is talking about when we will come to this vote and whether we should cut off debate. That will be a nonissue. I urge all Senators to vote for cloture.  I also point out that if this is so important--we are going to set aside all kinds of time today to do other things--we ought to spend time on this. We are talking about amending the Constitution, and we are talking about amending the Bill of Rights, contrary to what has been said on this floor, to amend the Bill of Rights for the first time in our 200-year history. I hope we will not do it.  There has been reference to one of our first flags, a flag that was designed in my State of Vermont and flew in battles there. I have that same flag in my office. As we all know, any flag, once used by the United States, can be used as a legitimate symbol of our country. I chose to fly the flag in Vermont.  Like all Vermonters, I revere the symbol. Every day when I am home in Vermont, that flag flies bravely and safely because nobody would touch it. Nobody would seek to destroy it. Nobody would burn the flag that flies in my front yard. We revere it and we praise it, not because we are required by law to do so, but because we want to as Americans, as Vermonters.  Every town hall in Vermont flies the American flag. Every one of our public meetings shows the Vermont flag. But I point out to all Senators, that one of the first flags of the country came from the State of Vermont. I will also tell you, Vermont is the only State in the Union that has not asked for a constitutional amendment on burning the flag. Why? Because we Vermonters do not need to be told by law or Constitution that we should show respect for the symbols of our country. We do it because we want to. We do not do it because the law requires us.  We are not like Cuba or China or Libya or Iraq or Iran or those countries that require a law to make people respect their flags and their symbols. We do it from our heart and from our sense of patriotism. That is the way most Americans are. We do not need a law to tell us to be patriotic.  Mr. President, yesterday, the Senate finally began the debate on S.J. Res. 14, the proposal to amendment the First Amendment of the Constitution to cut back on political protest and expression for the first time in our history. Earlier this week, on Monday and Tuesday morning, the debate was focused on the Hollings amendment and the McConnell amendment in accordance with the Senate agreement governing this matter.  Only Senator Hatch and I spoke for any length of time at all on the underlying proposed amendment on Tuesday morning. The debate then resumed after the votes on Tuesday afternoon. By my estimate, the Senate has spent less than 3 hours debating the proposed constitutional amendment.  Rather than continue that debate and conclude it, the majority is insisting that we now divert ourselves with an unnecessary cloture vote. The interruption of debate for this vote is unfortunate. I have said to the Republican manager from the outset that I did not believe the debate would be extended unnecessarily, but that I wanted to ensure that Senators had their rights protected so that any Senator who wished to be heard on this proposal to amend the Constitution, could be heard.  On Monday, the Senate heard from Senators McConnell, Bennett, Dorgan, Conrad, Hollings, Smith and Sessions. Yesterday, thoughtful statements were made by Senators Feingold, Durbin, Wellstone, Kennedy, Kerrey, Robb and Moynihan articulating a number of reasons for opposing the amendment. In addition, the Senate heard from Senators Hatch and Feinstein in favor of the amendment. Today, I expect to hear from Senators Byrd, Daschle, Kerry, Feingold, Chafee and perhaps others.  At the outset we were confronted by a demand that we agree to limit statements in opposition to the proposed constitutional amendment to a total of 2 hours. Amending the Constitution is a serious matter, entitled to more time than the Senate spends on ceremonial resolutions. Two hours seemed unnecessarily restrictive.  Had we so limited the debate we may not have had the benefit of the extraordinary moments on the Senate floor last night when Senator Bob Kerrey, who was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his valor in Vietnam, spoke to us from his heart about our country, our values and our flag. We may not have heard a riveting address from Senator Charles Robb, himself a Marine highly-decorated for his service in Vietnam, in which he demonstrated his strength and consistency as one who fights for the Constitution and the values that make this country great.  We may have missed the opportunity to hear from Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, a veteran of World War II, and the most knowledgeable of Senators, whom we will sorely miss when he retires at the end of this Congress after his extraordinary service to this nation. I urge those who were not here to experience that debate to read their thoughts and wise counsel.  I have every expectation that we could conclude the debate today in an orderly fashion. I know of no Senator who has threatened a filibuster on this matter. I know of no Senator who intends to engage in dilatory tactics. I know of no Senator who intends to offer any additional amendments or series of amendments. I know of no Senator who is using the rules of the Senate to delay the final vote on this matter. Accordingly, I know of no reason for the Republican leadership to have filed this petition for cloture and know of no reason for them to persist in insisting on this cloture vote this morning.  The Republican majority's timing of this debate has been strange for a long time. Last Congress, there was a half-hearted attempt to have the Senate consider the proposed constitutional amendment toward the end of a session when the majority knew that Senator Glenn was necessarily absent in connection with his NASA mission. Last year there was a rush to report the proposed constitutional amendment from the Judiciary Committee in April and then no effort to consider it before the full Senate. Indeed, while the matter was voted out of the Committee on April 29, 1999, the Committee Report was not filed until 11 months later. The Republican leadership took almost a year to decide to turn to the matter, then filed a cloture petition on the first day of debate and now insists on a vote on cloture after just 3 hours of debate on the merits of the proposed constitutional amendment.  In fact, this cloture vote and our debate on it only diverts us from finishing the debate on the merits of the proposed constitutional amendment. This cloture petition and vote say more about the lack of seriousness of the Republican leadership with regard to this debate than anything else.  I have no doubt that the Senate will invoke cloture this morning. I also have no doubt that this hour would have been better spent debating the merits of the proposal.  Does the Senate know what we will do after cloture is invoked this morning? Lest anyone think that we will be staying on the proposed constitutional amendment to conclude debate and proceed to vote on the merits, let medisabuse them of any such notion. No, following the cloture vote, the Senate is scheduled to proceed to two hours of unrelated debate and the introduction of other matter in morning business.  We will not be resuming debate on the proposed constitutional amendment until at least 12:30 this afternoon. At that time many of us in the Senate leadership are scheduled to be meeting with the President of Egypt. So this closing debate on the amendment will take place later this afternoon and possibly into this evening.  Just as the Bill of Rights serves to protect the minority in the country and the First Amendment protects even unpopular speech, so it is the role of the minority manager to protect the rights of those who wish to be heard in opposition to a Senate proposal. The rules of the Senate accord us at least that right. I know of at least five Senators who still wish to be heard in opposition to the amendment. As the minority manager of the bill, I am seeking to accommodate them and then to proceed to the final vote. I fully expect that we will reach the appropriate time for the vote long before the 30 hours of post-cloture debate would be consumed. I look forward to cooperating with the Democratic leader, the majority leader, and the Republican manager of the proposed constitutional amendment to bring this matter to conclusion at the earliest appropriate time after the completion of debate.  I yield the floor.  