President, I support Senator Boxer's sense-of-the-senate amendment that Congress pass effective juvenile justice legislation by the one year anniversary of the Columbine High School tragedy--April 20, 2000. Unfortunately, the Senate-passed Juvenile Justice legislation has been languishing in a House-Senate conference for months.  Sadly, another school shooting is in the news. In Mount Morris Township in the State of Michigan, a six-year-old boy fatally shot a six-year-old girl at an elementary school. As a father and grandfather, it breaks my heart to hear about a first grader shooting one of his fellow classmates. And yesterday a deranged man shot five people in a McDonalds in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  I have owned firearms for many years and often enjoy target shooting with my friends and family in Vermont. I understand that the vast majority of gun owners in Vermont and around the country use and enjoy their firearms in a responsible and safe way.  I am, however, deeply disturbed by the rash of recent incidents of school violence throughout the country. The growing list of schoolyard shootings by children in Arkansas, Washington, Oregon, Tennessee, California, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Mississippi, Colorado, and Georgia is simply unacceptable and intolerable.  It pains me even more to now add the Michigan elementary school shooting to this growing list of schoolyard shootings. This tragic incident of school violence took the life of a 6-year-old, Kayla Rolland.  What we should be doing is redoubling our efforts to enact the Hatch-Leahy juvenile crime legislation and its sensible public safety provisions that passed the Senate last May with 73 votes. I do not fault Senator Hatch. I know that he is doing what he can on this and that he shares my frustration that the House-Senate conference committee has been stymied in our effort to report that measure back to the House and Senate for final passage.  I again urge the Republican leadership in the House and Senate to pass that bill without further obstruction and delay. Let the Congress act and do what it can to help end this senseless violence. Six-year-olds killing other 6-year-olds is unthinkable but now, tragically, all too real.  For more than two years, I have worked with other Senators to craft responsible and effective juvenile crime legislation to curb this senseless violence. Last May, the Senate passed the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, S. 254, by a strong bipartisan vote of 73-25.  Our comprehensive legislation provides states and local governments with resources to fund programs to prevent juveniles from committing crimes and to properly handle juvenile offenders if they commit crimes.  Our balanced approach to juvenile justice also includes provisions to keep children who may harm others away from guns. These provisions include: bans on the transfer to juveniles and the possession by juveniles of assault weapons and high capacity ammunition clips; increased criminal penalties for transfers of handguns, assault weapons, and high capacity ammunition clips to juveniles; bans on prospective gun sales to juveniles with violent crime records; trigger locks to be sold with all handgun sales; background checks on all firearm sales at gun shows; and increased federal resources to enforce firearms laws by $50 million a year.  But the majority refuses to move ahead with final passage of a juvenile justice conference report. In fact, the majority even refuses to reconvene the House-Senate conference to meet to discuss the bill.  The members of the juvenile justice conference have met only once--on August 5, 1999. That one meeting of the House-Senate juvenile conference was more than six months ago.  It is shameful that the majority refuses to act upon a final juvenile justice bill. A bill that would help keep guns out of the hands of children and criminals, while protecting the rights of law-abiding adults to use and enjoy firearms.  