President, I thank my good friend from Minnesota for his customary courtesy.  Over the past decade, the Internet has grown, as we know, from relative obscurity to what is today, both an essential commercial tool and increasingly an essential educational tool. With that expansion, we have had some remarkable gains. We have also seen new dangers for our children. Congress has reacted. We struggle with legislation that will protect the free flow of information, as required by the first amendment, while at the same time we shield our children from some of the inappropriate material that can be found on the Internet.  The distinguished Senator from Arizona, Mr. McCain, spoke of his concern. I share his concern that much of the material available on the Internet may not be appropriate for children. I commend the Senator from Arizona for his good-faith effort to find a solution, but I cannot support the proposal he has urged. This amendment, his proposal, would require schools and libraries to certify, install, and enforce an Internet filtering program under the supervision of the Federal Communications Commission, and also under threat both of losing their e-rate discounts in the future and the financial liability of reimbursing discounted funds they have already spent.  In my view, as well intentioned as it might be, the amendment would substantially harm and not help the children of this Nation. I do not support it.  We have to tread cautiously and carefully in this arena but also understand a lot of schools and libraries have found a pretty practical way of doing this.  For example, many schools and libraries put their screens in the main reading room. One has to assume not too many kids are going to go pulling up inappropriate things on the web sites when their teachers, their parents, and everybody else are walking back and forth and looking over their shoulder saying: What are you looking at? It is one thing if you are looking at NASA's home page. It is another thing if you are looking at wicked dungeons or something, if there is such a thing.  Past legislative efforts to protect children by imposing content-based restrictions on the Internet have failed to respect our first amendment principles and pass constitutional muster. In 1997, the Supreme Court unanimously struck down the Communications Decency Act, which this body approved 84-16.  Just last week, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals held that the Child Online Protection Act is likely an unconstitutional, content-based restriction on protected speech.  I opposed this legislation--in fact, I was the only vote against it when it was offered as an amendment to the Internet Tax Freedom Act, S. 442, and spoke against it when it was included in the Omnibus Appropriations measure in October 1998. I predicted the courts would rule as they have done.  The McCain amendment to H.R. 4577 is likely to go the way of its predecessors. First, the amendment would require that schools and libraries obtaining e-rate discounts for telecommunications services use blocking and filtering software that makes inaccessible obscene material and child pornography, even if local authorities determine that other strategies are more appropriate for both students and library patrons. As the National Association of Independent Schools noted in commenting on this proposal last year:       * * * it is an individual school's decision to determine      how best to address this issue in a way that is commensurate      with its mission and philosophy--whether it be part of the      teaching and learning process, the inclusion of appropriate      use policies or enforceable language in parent/student      enrollment contracts, or even filters. It is certainly not      the role of the federal government to proscribe a course of      action that interferes with what is decidedly a local matter.  Second, the amendment would invite the FCC to be the de facto national censor, collecting from schools and libraries around the country so-called ``certifications'' that they are implementing blocking and filtering programs on their computers with Internet access. The FCC would be responsible for policing these schools and libraries to ensure that they are fulfilling the promises they make in the certifications, and are in fact blocking computer access to obscene material and child pornography. The FCC would also be the ultimate enforcer in the scheme outlined in the amendment since the FCC has the responsibility for determining when the schools and libraries have failed to comply with the filtering requirements of the law and when ``the provision of services at discount rates . . . shall cease . . . by reason of the failure of a school to comply with the requirements.''  We should not underestimate the power this would place in the FCC since the e-rate is a valuable privilege, particularly for schools and libraries in poor areas and in rural areas with high costs for telecommunications services. The e-rate, passed as part of the 1996 Telecommunications Act, provides schools and libraries with deep discounts in telephone services and Internet access. Protecting children from viewing or receiving potentially inappropriate information is of the utmost importance. Yet, to ensure their continued eligibility for the e-rate, and to avoid having to reimburse past financial discounts, we can anticipate that schools and libraries will go overboard and block out material deemed by some to be inappropriate. Would, for example, online chat rooms focused on the works of Vladimir Nabokov and including discussion of the classic Lolita be off limits, let alone the work itself, since some may view it as pornographic? The film version of this book had a very difficult time finding a distributor due to the nature of the subject matter.  School boards and libraries faced with the risk of losing their e-rate can be expected to implement highly restrictive programs. This broad ``self-censoring'' imposed by the McCain amendment on schools and libraries will lead to a chilling of free speech to the detriment of our nation's children and library patrons.  Another consequence will be to re-make the FCC into an updated version of the Meese Commission on pornography, but with far greater enforcement powers and coercive effect.  As part of the certification process mandated in the amendment, we can expect schools and libraries to submit their plans for Internet filtering to the Commission for guidance on whether the proposals are acceptable. In practical terms, this would require the FCC to make literally thousands of determinations as to what constitutes ``obscene'' or ``child pornography'' in order to provide comfort to schools and libraries seeking guidance. The financial risks are too great for schools and libraries to simply wait for the FCC to find their filtering and compliance plan to be insufficient. This will, in the end, defeat the local decision-making to which this amendment pays lip service.  On the contrary, the amendment if enacted may lead to the Orwellian nightmare fully realized. The FCC, an unelected administrative agency, will be in the position to regulate the dissemination of knowledge and control what our children can read, view, and learn at school or at the library.  Taken as a whole, the problematic aspects of the McCain amendment will harm schools and libraries and decrease the value of the Internet as an important educational tool. By requiring a certification to the FCC, the amendment places yet another regulatory burden on financially strapped schools and libraries.  The distinguished Senator from Utah and I have put forward a proposal that addresses this problem and avoids the pitfalls inherent to the McCain amendment. We offered this proposal as an amendment to S. 254, the juvenile justice bill, and it was agreed to on May 13, 1999, by a vote of 100-0. Our Internet filtering proposal would leave the solution to protecting children in schools and libraries from inappropriate online materials to local school boards andcommunities. It would require Internet Service Providers with more than 50,000 subscribers to provide residential customers, free or at cost, with software or other filtering systems that will prevent minors from accessing inappropriate material on the Internet. A survey would be conducted at set intervals after enactment to determine whether ISPs are complying with this requirement. The requirement that ISPs provide blocking software would become effective only if the majority of residential ISP subscribers lack the necessary software within set time periods.  This Internet filtering proposal seems to be a sensible thing to do. As I said, it passed 100-0. Unfortunately, progress on this proposal has been stalled as the majority in Congress has refused to conclude the juvenile justice conference. This is just one of the many legislative proposals contained in the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, S. 254, designed to help and safeguard our children--which is why that bill passed the Senate by an overwhelming majority over a year ago.  I would like to see us go back to our filtering proposal. We have already voted on it. It is a workable solution. It would bring about what we want to do.  I commend Senator McCain for his leadership and dedication to the subject. I hope we will work together on the issue. We share an appreciation of the Internet as an educational tool, we appreciate it as a venue for free speech, but we also are concerned about protecting our children from inappropriate material whether they are at home, at school, or in the library.  Ultimately, it is not going to be just a question of passing a law to do this. I suggest parents do with their children today what my parents did with my brother, sister, and me when we were growing up: Pay some attention to what their children read.  I was fortunate. I began reading when I was 4, but I had parents who actually talked about what I might read. Parents may want to spend some time on the Internet with their children. There is software that can help to protect their children, and parents should work with that. They ought to take a greater interest in what they are doing and not just assume Congress can somehow pass laws that keep getting knocked down, justifiably so, under the first amendment. Rather, they can work with the tools we can give for their children.  I thank my dear friend from Minnesota for his courtesy.  