President, I commend Senator Feingold, Senator Reed of Rhode Island, and Senator Harkin for the leadership they have shown on the East Timor issue. They have all been to East Timor and have consistently spoken out in support of independence for East Timor and human rights for its people.  Senator Feingold's resolution would end all U.S. military cooperation with Indonesia on account of the Indonesian military's appalling abuses in East Timor. This would send an unequivocal message, not only there but throughout the world, that the United States will not resume any relationship with the Indonesian military until it is thoroughly reformed, and not only reformed, but the members who are responsible for the abuses are punished.  Some of these abuses, well documented by independent news media and eyewitness accounts, are so horrible they are reminiscent of the Dark Ages.  I understand the resolution is going to be withdrawn on account of the progress being made by the Indonesian Government in asserting control of the military. However, Senator Feingold's determination to keep the Senate's attention on this important issue is well worthwhile.  Last September we watched in horror as a systematic campaign of terror and destruction waged in East Timor: Hundreds of innocent people were killed, hundreds of thousands more were forcibly uprooted from their homes, villages and towns were ransacked and family members were killed in front of other family members. Even today, U.N. investigators are unearthing what we are seeing too often in modern times: bodies in mass graves.  In the past two days, an Indonesian Government commission and a United Nations commission independently concluded that the Indonesian military bears ultimate responsibility for the bloodbath, and must be held accountable for its abuses in East Timor. This is an extremely important and encouraging step.  Under tremendous pressure--tremendous pressure to turn a blind eye to what happened in East Timor--and at great personal risk, Indonesian investigators have done a commendable job in determining the extent of the violence and identifying the individuals responsible, including not only those who gave the orders but those who had the power to stop the mayhem and instead simply stood by and let it happen.  There are sins of comission and there are sins of omission. If you are a military officer with the power to stop something from happening--an atrocity, a murder--and you stand by and allow it to go on, in my mind you are as equally guilty as those who commit the act.  As the leader of Indonesia's new democratic government, President Wahid has courageously voiced his willingness to confront the powerful Indonesian military establishment. He has called for the prosecutions of army leaders, including General Wiranto, former commander of the Armed Forces, who, until recently, was lauded by officials of our own Pentagon.  The United Nations commission called for the establishment of an independent national tribunal to bring those responsible for the violence in East Timor to justice. It is a proposal which the Indonesian Government has rejected, insisting it is capable of punishing the perpetrators itself.  While it is too early to say whether an Indonesian tribunal would have sufficient resources or authority to conduct what are likely to be long and expensive trials of military leaders, one thing is clear: now is not the time for the United States to follow the European Union's recent example of renewed military assistance or sales of military equipment to Indonesia. With all due respect to our European friends, sometimes I think they have a terribly short memory.  Indonesia is at a critical juncture in its transition to democracy. The commission's findings will heighten the already tense relationship between the Indonesian Government and the Indonesian military. As pressure on the military increases, it is likely that rumors of a coup will become louder and more threatening. I believe the United States has to continue to show strong support for President Wahid and for an end to the long history of impunity and immunity enjoyed by members of the Indonesian military.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  