President, in Vermont, small businesses and family farms form the backbone of our economy. I have always been a strong supporter of targeted estate tax relief for these family-owned farms and small businesses. Targeted relief would help families in Vermont keep their property intact and in the family.  What we have are two very different approaches to estate tax relief.  Under the Republican proposal, H.R. 8, relief from the estate tax would be phased in gradually over ten years and the initial benefits would be directed towards the wealthiest estates, those valued at over $20 million. Under this proposal, not a single small business or family farm would be removed fromthe tax next year or even 9 years from now. That is because H.R. 8 does not actually repeal the estate tax until the next decade. This proposal would cost American taxpayers $105 billion in the first ten years and $50 billion in each year after that.  Under the second proposal, the Democratic Alternative put forth by Senator Moynihan, thousands of additional farms and small businesses would be exempt from the estate tax in the very first year after its enactment. Under the Democratic Alternative, business owners and farmers would be able to leave $2 million per individual and $4 million per couple without paying estate tax in 2001. By 2010, business owner's and farmer's assets totaling $8 million would be exempt. This proposal would cost approximately $64 billion over 10 years.  We now have a choice between a proposal that would provide immediate relief to small business owners and farmers at a cost we can afford and a fiscally irresponsible measure that would provide a windfall to the wealthiest estates at a high cost to Vermonters and the American public. I choose the affordable, immediate, targeted relief that we have with the Democratic proposal--a proposal that I believe is a better deal for Vermonters.  The Republicans have stated that H.R. 8 is designed primarily to help small businesses and family farms. But who would benefit the most from this proposal? I think an article on the front page of the Business Section of today's New York Times sums it up well, and I ask unanimous consent that this article be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  