President, I thank the Senator from Iowa for his kind remarks. He has persevered in this effort. He and I talked about this last fall when we were about ready to recess. We both committed ourselves to the fact that if this came back up this year, we would try to make it work. We told our respective leaders, Senator Lott and Senator Daschle, that we would continue to work whittling down amendments. We were able to dispose of, I believe, well over 300 amendments.  The distinguished Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Torricelli, and the distinguished Senator from Utah, Mr. Hatch, worked so hard on this. Lesser people might have given up. They did not. They continued on.  The chairman, Senator Hatch, returned to his important leadership responsibilities without missing a step. I have been glad to work with him on this. We culminated our work on initial Senate passage of this bankruptcy act. Now we can go to conference.  Senators Torricelli and Grassley will have their work cut out for them, as well as the rest of us, in trying to work that out. We will not have the help of the distinguished Senator from Nevada, Mr. Reid, in removing a lot of amendments for us as he did on the floor. He has been tremendous in working that out.  On this side of the aisle, he worked to protect the rights of Democratic Senators and to improve the bill, and he has worked with his counterparts on the other side of the aisle in our joint effort to get amendments off this bill.  As the Senator from Iowa and I discussed earlier, we both have been here long enough to know we did have an enormous number of amendments to a bill, but we also know many are called but few are chosen.  So we will work together with Chairman Hatch, Senator Grassley, Senator Torricelli, the House conferees, and the Clinton administration on a conference report that I think will be well worthwhile.  I hope we will not make the mistake of the past Congress where we came out of conference with something that never went anywhere. We have demonstrated in the Senate now twice, in lopsided votes, that we can pass a bankruptcy reform act. I hope we will come out of the conference with something that we can pass.  Lastly, I know a number of staff members, all of whom deserve praise, have been mentioned on this floor, but it is often said Senators are usually only constitutional necessities to the staff who really do the work around here. In that regard, Bruce Cohen and Ed Pagano of the Senate Judiciary Committee staff have worked long hours, many weekends, and late nights to get us this far, and they deserve a great deal of credit.  I see my good friend from New Jersey, the ranking member of the subcommittee, who told us it would be possible to get a bill through here back when many thought it would not be possible. He was right. He worked very hard. He deserves a great deal of credit.  I yield the floor to him.  