President, I don't pretend to know all the history or intricacies of the effort to bring about peace in Northern Ireland, notwithstanding the number of visits I have made there, notwithstanding the historic ties to that island that I have through my father's family, or even with the work I have done with our distinguished former colleague, George Mitchell, a man who deserves the highest credit for his tireless efforts towards peace in Northern Ireland. But I have met with those who are key figures in Ireland: David Trimble from the loyalists side; Seamus Mallon, Gerry Adams, and another key figure, John Hume. Mr. Trimble and Mr. Hume shared the Nobel Peace Prize for the work they did, and deservedly so.  I was one of those in the Senate who urged, near the beginning of President Clinton's term in office, to give a visa to Gerry Adams, the head of Sinn Fein and the one most visibly connected in this country with the IRA. I recall the State Department and the Justice Department being opposed to that visa, and the President courageously saying we are going to give him a visa. I think most people now accept the fact that because the President overrode the qualms of his own State Department and Justice Department in giving that visa, that we moved forward on peace for the first time.  For people who have always looked at each other through distrust and hatred--many times because of killings on both sides, killings of Catholics by Protestants and Protestants by Catholics, apparently all in the name of the greater good--they have come far and put together a government in Northern Ireland, which can start to govern itself. Men and women of good will on both sides of this issue--men and women who a few years ago would never speak to each other--have come together.  This was recently disturbed by articles in the press indicated that the IRA still refuses to turn over any of their weapons. Ironically enough, this is at a time when the Republic of Ireland and authorities in Northern Ireland continue to find and destroy caches of weapons belonging to the IRA. I don't know what kind of stubborn humility or holding of ancient grudges would not allow the IRA to make this move. I brook no favor for those on either side who have been involved in atrocities because whether it is from the Ulster side or from the IRA side, there are atrocities aplenty--innocent people killed because of their religion, because of their allegiance.  In many ways, I want to say a pox on both your houses. But that only means that generations from now the fighting will continue over things that gain nothing for anybody, feuds of hundreds of years, and memories sometimes of just a few years. It is time, in a new century, to stop the killings, to finally allow Northern Ireland, this beautiful land, to move forward and join the rest of the island in the new economic prosperity--but in peace.  As a group of mothers, Catholic and Protestant, told me once--together--they agreed with my speech of the night before in which I had said in Belfast--or just outside of Belfast--that I condemn violence from either side. They said how much they agreed, and what they wanted was for their children to be able to go to school and be educated, to live in peace, to walk down the street without worrying about being shot. What mother would want otherwise?  Frankly, those in Sinn Fein who have called on their friends here in the Congress to help them with visas, to help them move forward, best help themselves because it would be tragedy compounded on tragedy if after all these years of seeking peace, after all the work of people such as John Hume and George Mitchell, David Trimble, and Gerry Adams--people who might not want their names put in the same sentence--after all their work, what a tragedy it would be if one party, one piece of this puzzle opted out by not at least doing the first necessary steps to build confidence; that is, give over their weapons.  (