President, I am disappointed that the conference committee dropped an amendment I offered with Senator Kohl that would have applied additional surpluses estimated by CBO to debt reduction rather than tax cuts. I had hoped that this fiscally responsible amendment, which was unanimously adopted by the Senate, would be included in the final version of the budget resolution. Instead, the Committee accepted a House provision that would allow the budget chairman to use additional surpluses for tax cuts above and beyond the $150 billion in cuts already in the resolution. I find it disheartening that Congress is not even willing to commit unexpected surpluses to debt reduction.  In the 1980s, Congress went on a tax cut binge and left the bill for our children. During those years we all saw the lip service paid and the sloganeering about balancing the budget, while we simultaneously tripled the national debt and ran the biggest deficits of any nation in the history of the world. As a result, the national debt now stands at $3.6 trillion and the Federal government pays almost $1 billion in interest every working day on this debt. Now that we have surpluses, we have a chance and an obligation to pay off that debt. This budget resolution fails to live up to that responsibility.  Nothing would do more to keep our economy strong than paying down our national debt. Paying down our national debt will keep interest rates low. Consumers gain ground with lower mortgage costs, car payments, credit card charges with low interest rates. And small business owners can invest, expand and create jobs with low interest rates.  Alan Greenspan and nearly every other economist who has testified before the Senate Budget and Finance Committees has stated that our nation's budget surpluses should be used to pay down the debt. And yet, the Republican budget resolution proposes far less debt reduction than the budgets developed by President Clinton and Senate Democrats. This resolution would use 98% of the non-Social Security surplus for tax breaks which would primarily benefit the wealthy. By dropping our amendment, Congress is in danger of using an even higher percentage of the surplus for tax cuts, and even less for debt reduction. This does not make fiscal sense.  During markup, Senator Lautenberg offered an alternative budget that would have reduced $330 billion in debt over ten years, while providing almost $300 billion in targeted tax cuts--cuts that would go towards eliminating the marriage tax penalty, permitting the self-employed a full tax deduction for their health insurance and providing estate tax relief for family farmers and small business owners. Such cuts would be fair and targeted to help all Vermonters, not just the wealthy. Unfortunately, this amendment failed.  In 1993, Congress charted a course of fiscal discipline and the country has reaped the benefits of this successful plan. Republicans and Democrats can rightfully claim their shares of the credit for getting the nation's fiscal house in order. The important thing now is to keep our budget in balance, to pay down our debt, and to keep our economy growing. Unfortunately, this budget resolution fails to make a real commitment to debt reduction, which is why I must vote against it.  