President, earlier today Senator Chuck Robb of Virginia spoke on this floor. I worked with him. I have admired him since he came to the Senate over 12 years ago. I talked with this former marine at the time my own son joined the Marine Corps and was touched that he always asked for progress reports on his career in the Marines.  He is only the fourth person from the State of Virginia to serve as both Governor and U.S. Senator, and he came to Washington ready to build on a distinguished career in public service. In 1961, he joined the Marines as an infantry company commander in Vietnam, saw combat, and was in harm's way time and time again. He demonstrated the kind of determination and stamina that would characterize his political career. In Vietnam, people depended on his leadership for their life, literally. He then served Virginia as Lieutenant Governor and Governor before being elected to the U.S. Senate. In fact, it is fair to say his tenure as Governor laid the basis for Virginia to become such a leader today in the high-tech industry.  During his time here in Washington, he has shown his dedication and concern for our men and women in the military, fighting for a strong defensewhile advocating fiscal responsibility. He has been a proponent for improvement in our Nation's public schools, fighting for more teachers, increased school construction, and school safety. He has also been a champion against discrimination. He led the fight to end injustice to African American farmers who faced discrimination by the Agriculture Department and voted against moves to end affirmative action programs by the Federal Government. In all these things, he showed the same dedication to his country in a legislative position that he had shown to his State in his executive position as Governor, as a member of the Armed Services Committee, Foreign Relations and Finance Committees, and the Joint Economic Committee and Select Committee on Intelligence. He served this body, the Senate, so well, and in turn our whole Nation.  I think of the tough political battles he has faced. I think of the difficult votes during his time in office, how he had to balance the interests of his State with the well-being of the Nation. But I can remember so many times on this floor when a vote would come up where, politically, Chuck Robb could have ducked and ran and voted a different way. He did not, anymore than he would have when he was in combat in Vietnam. He would stay on the floor, he would state his position, and you would see the marine; you would see the character; you would see the steel. He would stand up and do what his conscience told him was the right thing.  Mr. President, I pay tribute to a man I have worked with and admired since he came to the Senate over twelve years ago. As only the fourth person from the state of Virginia to serve as both Governor and U.S. Senator Chuck Robb came to Washington ready to build on a distinguished career in public service. Beginning in 1961 when he joined the Marines, and through his days as an infantry company commander in Vietnam, Chuck Robb demonstrated the kind of determination and stamina that would characterize his political career. He later served Virginia as Lieutenant Governor and Governor before being elected to the United States Senate.  During his time here in Washington he has shown his dedication and concern for our men and women in the military, fighting for a strong defense while advocating fiscal responsibility. He has been a proponent for improving our nation's public schools, fighting for more teachers, increased school construction and school safety. He has also been a champion in the battle to end discrimination. He led the fight to bring justice to African American farmers who had faced discrimination by the Agriculture Department, and he voted against a move to end affirmative action programs by the federal government. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, Foreign Relations, Finance Committee, the Joint Economic Committee and the Select Committee on Intelligence he has served the Senate well.  Senator Robb has faced several tough political battles and cast many difficult votes during his time in office--all the while he has been determined to balance the interests of his state with the well-being of the nation.  It has been an honor and privilege to work with him over the last years. I know he is going to be sorely missed by our colleagues in the Senate.  I will miss having the chance to get advice and encouragement from him on the Senate floor, but I know I will still have that available to me throughout the remaining years of my Senate career.  Mr. President, what is the parliamentary situation now, as we go down to these waning hours and we hear the choral group downstairs practicing Christmas carols?  