President, at the beginning of this year, I spoke to the Senate about the breakdown in the administration of capital punishment across the country and suggested some solutions. I noted then that for every 7 people executed, 1 death row inmate has been shown some time after conviction to be innocent of the crime.  Since then, many more fundamental problems have come to light. More court-appointed defense lawyers who have slept through trials in which their client has been convicted and sentenced to death; more cases--43 of the last 131 executions in Texas according to an investigation by the Chicago Tribune--in which lawyers who were disbarred, suspended or otherwise being disciplined for ethical violations have been appointed to represent people on trial for their lives; cases in which prosecutors have called for the death penalty based on the race of the victim; and cases in which potentially dispositive evidence has been destroyed or withheld from death row inmates for years.  We have also heard from the National Committee to Prevent Wrongful Executions, a blue-ribbon panel comprised of supporters and opponents of the death penalty, Democrats and Republicans, including six former State and Federal judges, a former U.S. Attorney, two former State Attorneys General, and a former Director of the FBI. That diverse group of experts has expressed itself to be ``united in [its] profound concern that, in recent years, and around the country, procedural safeguards and other assurances of fundamental fairness in the administration of capital punishment have been significantly diminished.''  I have been working with prosecutors, judges and defense counsel, with death penalty supporters and opponents, and with Democrats and Republicans, to craft some basic common-sense reforms. I could not be more pleased that Senators Gordon Smith, Susan Collins, Jim Jeffords, Carl Levin, Russ Feingold, and others here in the Senate, and Representatives Ray LaHood, William Delahunt, and over 60 other members of both parties in the House have joined me in sponsoring the Innocence Protection Act of 2000.  The two most basic provisions of our bill would encourage the State to atleast make DNA testing available in the kind of case in which it can determine guilt or innocence and at least provide basic minimum standards for defense counsel so that capital trials have a chance of determining guilt or innocence by means of the adversarial testing of evidence that should be the hallmark of American criminal justice.  Our bill will not free the system of all human error, but it will do much to eliminate errors caused by the willful blindness to the truth that our capital punishment system has exhibited all too often. That is the least we should demand of a justice system that puts people's lives at stake.  I have been greatly heartened by the response of experts in criminal justice across the political spectrum to our careful work, and I would like to just highlight one example. A distinguished member of the Federal judiciary, Second Circuit Judge Jon O. Newman, has suggested that America's death penalty laws could be improved by requiring the trial judge to certify that guilt is certain. I welcome Judge Newman's thoughtful commentary, and I ask unanimous consent that his article, which appeared in the June 25th edition of the Harford Courant, be printed in the Record.  