President, yesterday some Republicans opposed Tim Dyk's confirmation to the Federal Circuit based on the workload of that court. Last evening I inserted in the Record a letter from the Chamber of Commerce that argued for his nomination in terms of the court's important workload and cases.  I am troubled that at a time when we are working through the night to try to preserve a digital signature bill to help encourage electronic commerce and protect consumers, when we are trying to work through Republican holds on the H1-B visa bill and increase the availability of high tech workers and improve training of American workers, when we are trying to improve on-line privacy and Internet security, I see such insensitivity to the needs of the Federal Circuit and its role in our economy and in our judicial system.  We designed the Federal Circuit to be our patent court. It has extraordinarily complex cases that are of increasing importance as our economy becomes more and more based on technological developments. Prompt and proper adjudication of cases before that court are in many ways critical to the continued growth of our economy and our economic future.  I see vacancies on that court as high priorities. I know that the other Democratic Senators share my view. I have been greatly troubled by the perpetuation of this vacancy on the Federal Circuit for more than two years while the Dyk nomination has been held back from Senate action. That is wrong. It is unfair to Tim Dyk and his family. It is short-sighted with respect to the important matters on the docket of the Federal Circuit.  That was the point of the Chamber of Commerce letter last August. Filling the vacancy on the Federal Circuit should be a priority of the Senate. The Federal Circuit should have all the resources it needs to do its job and resolve intellectual property disputes intelligently, fairly, and expeditiously.  Nonetheless, in spite of all these considerations and what I had hoped was a bipartisan commitment to the growth of our high tech economy, some are arguing that because its caseload numbers are not inflated by prisoner petition, criminal cases or scores of simple civil cases our nation's patent court ought not to have its needs fulfilled. I disagree.  Moreover, I have to wonder whether we would even be hearing that argument if a Republican President weremaking this nomination. I thank the Chamber of Commerce for showing that business supports the confirmation of Tim Dyk to fill this vacancy on the Federal Circuit and for not playing politics with this nomination. The nature of the Federal Circuit's caseload merits a full complement of judges as authorized by Congress so that its intellectual property docket can get the attention that it deserves and that our economy requires.  