I appreciate his pointing this out. I just want students who might look at this afterward and wonder what bankruptcy has to do with embassies to go back and read what the distinguished Senator from Minnesota says, which is, of course, that it has absolutely nothing to do with embassies. It is a parliamentary trick to get a piece of special interest legislation through.  It is unfortunate this kind of trick had to be carried out because the Republican majority could have worked with the President, they could have worked with the Democrats, to pass bankruptcy legislation that is more balanced and more fair. We did this 2 or 3 years ago. I remember Senator Grassley, Senator Durbin, others, worked together and we passed a piece of bankruptcy legislation that was here in the Senate. It was strongly backed by both Democrats and Republicans. I think we passed it by 97 or 98 votes. There was only one vote against it. It was overwhelmingly passed. It shows what happens when Republicans and Democrats work together.  Mr. President, I am disappointed that the majority refuses to work with the President and us to pass bankruptcy legislation that is better balanced and more fair. Despite the President's repeated attempts to offer reasonable compromises for the last six months, the majority is continuing to push this unfair and unbalanced bill. It appears that the same mistakes that killed a chance for passage of the bipartisan balanced bankruptcy reform 2 years ago, in the last Congress, are being repeated in this Congress. We should work together to finish the work of the 106th Congress. Instead, there seems to be this effort to pass flawed legislation that virtually guarantees a Presidential veto.  I had hoped we would have acted on the administration's four letters on the resolution of key issues needed for the President to sign a fair and balanced bill, that we could have at least met to discuss them so we could have a bill the President could sign.  I am the ranking Democrat currently on the Senate Judiciary Committee. I was not a conferee of the conference report. Instead, the Republican leadership created a sham conference to create and file this flawed bankruptcy bill to make sure the Democrats would not have any say over it. It might be a nice exercise. It might look good in fundraising letters. But when you have a Democratic President, it is obvious we are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars of time, effort, and taxpayer money up here to pass something that is not going to be signed into law. It may help for the next fundraiser, but it does not help bringing about the kind of bankruptcy reform we actually need in this country.  The Senate had requested a conference in August 1999 on legislation to enhance security of U.S. missions and the security of personnel overseas and to authorize appropriations for the State Department, what the distinguished Senator from Minnesota was just talking about. That did not proceed.  On October 11, 2000, the House appointed conferees not from the committee with jurisdiction over any embassy security issues, but from the House Judiciary Committee. Then a few hours later, out of nowhere, the leadership filed a conference report that strikes every aspect of the underlying legislation on which the two Houses had gone to conference and put in this wholly unrelated matter with reference to a bankruptcy bill that had not even passed. It had only been introduced that day. There was no debate, nothing. It is like: Whoops, open the closet door, let the special interests out, slam it down, and please pass it.  We Americans are great at telling other countries how to run democracies. We each tell them how to run elections. I hope in the last couple of years those countries that get lectures from us about how to run their democracies have not been watching how matters have slipped before the U.S. Senate. Matters of great consequence are slipped before the U.S. Senate without any votes, with the hope they will slip through in the dark of night. I hope those countries, when we tell them how to run elections, are not watching--I don't know--Presidential elections or anything like that in our country.  I look at Canada. I come from the State of Vermont. I think of Canada as that giant to the north. I look at Canada. The whole country votes with paper ballots. Two hours later, they have them all hand counted with no mistakes and the country accepts the result. I hope we won't lecture them as we often do.  But I hope we will not tell people this is the way to pass legislation. I hope we will not tell countries how to do it based on this bill. It is an autocratic, behind-closed-doors, undemocratic process, and it makes a mockery of the legislative process.  This is unfortunate, since both Democrats and the administration have been trying to negotiate in good faith with the Republicans to achieve fair and balanced bankruptcy legislation. Everyone in this Chamber knows we have to have some bankruptcy reform legislation. But it cannot be one sided to any one special interest, it has to be balanced.  There was not even a meeting of the sham conference committee, as far as I can tell. And the House had passed--talk about a CYA; that means ``carefully you're allowed,''--but, in an effort to make sure nobody questions them about this sham process that has slipped through behind closed doors, the House passed a 398-1 vote to instruct conferees to insist on a public meeting of the conference with open debate. By God, we are for government in the sunshine, 398-to-1. Are we not virtuous people in the other body? And the press releases went out. Of course, 2 hours later, the sham conference report was filed, the one that was done behind closed doors, not done in the open. But everybody could say: Why, I voted to have that open, 398-1.  The bipartisan informal process that produced many improvements to the Senate-passed bill with respect to its bankruptcy provisions was for nought in the end. We worked in an informal bipartisan conference and made these improvements. We dropped the controversial nonrelevant amendments on the 3-year minimum wage increase, regressive tax cuts, mandatory minimum sentences for certain drug offenses, and private school vouchers.  We added a new provision to include a $6,000 floor in the means test to protect low-income debtors.  We added a new provision to take into account up to 10 percent of the debtor's administrative expenses in the means test calculations.  We added a new provision to allow for adjustments of up to 5 percent from the IRS standards for reasonable food and clothing expenses in the means test calculations to take into account the regional difference in costs.  We struck the provision that exempted creditors with small claims from sanctions against creditors who file abusive motions, and, thus, we made all creditors subject to these sanctions for coercive behavior.  We expanded the eligibility for the waiver of filing fees to debtors with income less than 150 percent of the poverty line.  All of these things we did with Democrats and Republicans working together, each side giving some things, each side adding things. We had a better bill. We even added a new temporary bankruptcy judgeship for the following courts: the District of Delaware, the Southern District of Georgia, the Eastern District of North Carolina, and the District of Puerto Rico.  Finally, we added privacy protections for the financial information of debtors to protect patient medical records inbankruptcy health care businesses, to destroy all debtors' tax returns after 3 years of the close of the case, to provide Congress with the authority to add appropriate privacy safeguards to protect electronic bankruptcy data, and to add safeguards for the collection of bankruptcy data.  That was a good bipartisan start with Republicans and Democrats working together. We could have a fair and balanced final bankruptcy reform bill. It was something people on all sides of the issue were applauding. They were saying: Finally, Republicans and Democrats are working together.  Do you know what happened? Some in the Republican majority found this was going on and said: We can't have it; we can't have that balance; it has to be one sided; it has to be our way or no way, and they stopped those meetings.  We actually resolved most of the issues between the two bills. There were two key issues outstanding. We could have brought it back for a vote. One was discharge of penalties for violence against family planning clinics, medical clinics, and the other was a problem with wealthy debtors who used overly broad homestead exemptions to shield assets from creditors by putting money into multimillion-dollar houses, declaring bankruptcy, and thumbing their nose at their creditors.  Everything I heard told me we could have reached bipartisan agreement on these matters, too. Now this backdoor conference report does not adequately address either of these two abuses currently in the bankruptcy system.  The Senate passed the Schumer amendment to prevent the discharge of penalties for violence against family planning clinics. This was not a partisan vote. It was 80-17. People said, no matter how you feel about abortion, no matter how you feel about medical matters or family planning, we are not going to condone violence against legitimate medical clinics.  Does the conference report reflect this? No. There is not a single provision to end abusive bankruptcy filings used to avoid the legal consequences of violence, vandalism, and harassment to deny access to legal health services. As a result, we could have all kinds of clinic violence. If you are sued for it, just declare bankruptcy and get away with it. That is wrong.  The administration made it crystal clear in four letters to congressional leaders that an end to this abuse of the current bankruptcy system was needed to gain the President's signature. Four times they said they were not going to allow people to firebomb clinics, harass people, assault people, and if they are sued, to simply say: We will declare bankruptcy. Four times.  The OMB Director Jack Lew wrote to Congressional leaders on May 12, 2000:       The abuses of the bankruptcy system must be stemmed,      including abuse by those who would use bankruptcy to avoid      penalties for violence against family planning clinics.  The President wrote congressional leaders on June 9:       I am deeply disturbed that some in Congress still object to      a reasonable provision that would end demonstrated abuse of      the bankruptcy system. We cannot tolerate abusive bankruptcy      filings to avoid the legal consequences of violence,      vandalism, and harassment used to deny access to legal health      services. An effective approach, such as the one offered by      Senator Schumer's amendment, should be included in the final      legislation.  A few weeks later the President again wrote to congressional leaders to reiterate his position saying:       I cannot support a bankruptcy bill that fails to require      accountability and responsibility from those who use      violence, vandalism, intimidation, and harassment to deny      others access to legal health services. . . . The final      legislation must include an effective approach to this      problem, such as the one contained in the amendment by      Senator Schumer, which passed the Senate by a vote of 80-17.  This is a no-brainer. We already debated it and voted on it 80-17. We have a hard time getting an 80-17 vote here to support the bean soup in the Senate cafeteria.  Gene Sperling, national economic adviser to the President, in his letter of September 22, made it clear that President Clinton would veto any bankruptcy reform legislation that did not end this abuse of bankruptcy law. He said:       Our society should not tolerate those who develop a      strategy to first threaten and intimidate doctors, health      care professionals, or their patients and then turn to the      bankruptcy courts to avoid legal liability for their actions.      I reiterate that the President will not sign any legislation      that does not contain effective means to ensure      accountability and responsibility of perpetrators of clinic      violence.  Mr. President, how much time is still available to the Senator from Vermont?  