President, I have been scarcely able to hold back the tears listening to my good friend from Utah. I am sure he did not mean to mislead the Senate, but those who might not know the numbers could be misled, not by any intent on the part of the senior Senator from Utah.  As he has said himself, we will have confirmed fewer than 40 judges in the last year of President Clinton's term in office. When the Democrats controlled the Senate, in the last year of President Bush's term in office, we confirmed 66. In fact, we were holding hearings right into September and voting on judges up to the last days of the session, confirming judges for President Bush.  The distinguished Senator from Utah feels perhaps some have suggested inappropriately that women, minorities, and others take longer going through this body. I point out that the ones who suggested that have been independent bipartisan groups outside the Senate.  I have stated over and over, I have never seen or heard a statement expressing--I wonder if the Senator from Utah can stay while I speak; I do not want to say this with him off the floor--I have never once heard him express either a racist or a sexist remark. He has been a close and dear friend of mine for over 20 years. Nor have I ever suggested that anybody on the Senate Judiciary Committee has taken a racist or sexist position, but I am troubled, as I hope he and others would be troubled, by the fact that women and minorities, if they are nominated for judgeships, have taken longer to go through this Republican-controlled Senate than others if they are allowed to go through at all.  We talk about Roger Gregory, nominated to the Fourth Circuit. It has been suggested this is a seat that is reserved to North Carolina. That is not so. As pointed out in the Wall Street Journal in a recent letter from the President's Counsel Beth Nolan, this is a vacant seat that has not been allocated to the State of North Carolina and is appropriate for an appointment from Virginia. The distinguished chairman of the committee has said that Senators should work with the White House. In this case, two of the most distinguished Members of the Senate--one a Republican, one a Democrat, John Warner and Chuck Robb--worked very closely with the White House on this Virginia nomination and both support the nomination of Roger Gregory.  Senator Robb strongly urged the White House to appoint Roger Gregory, a highly distinguished African American. Senator Warner supports him. He has the highest ratings possible from bar associations. But he cannot get confirmed by the Senate; he cannot even get a hearing.  I commend what Senator Robb said on the floor today in support of Roger Gregory. I hope all of us will listen to him.  Likewise, I was struck by the remarks of Senator Durbin of Illinois with respect to the Supreme Court and his support for Michael Reagan to a district court judgeship in Illinois. Senator Durbin laid out what I have also heard from Republicans and Democrats who support Michael Reagan for that judgeship. Democrats and Republicans were at hearings for him. Democrats and Republicans, ranging across the political spectrum, have spoken to me in support of Michael Reagan. He is supported by both home state Senators, one a Republican and one a Democrat.  Senator Carl Levin, the distinguished senior Senator from Michigan, one of the most respected voices in this body, spoke of his support for Judge Helene White to the Sixth Circuit and Kathleen McCree Lewis to the Sixth Circuit and how he wished they would be considered. They have been held up and blocked by this Senate. Is the chairman saying that Judge Helene White and Kathleen McCree Lewis do not have the support of their two Senators from Michigan? If that is the case, we ought to know that. I understand that they both have that support. If they don't have the support of a home state Senator, then let's say that. Judge Helene White and Kathleen McCree Lewis are extraordinarily well-qualified women. I wish they would get confirmed.  Senator Tom Harkin, was an extraordinary advocate for Bonnie Campbell. I can't add to what he has said. Senator Harkin spoke extremely well about Bonnie Campbell and, of course, Bonnie Campbell should be confirmed. Again, going to the test: Did the President work with the Senators from that State. Are we saying that the two Senators from Iowa do not support Bonnie Campbell? My understanding is both of them support her. Why can't she get Committee consideration and a Senate vote?  The Senate will move forward on a number of nominees today: Michael Reagan, Susan Ritchie Bolton, Mary Helen Murguia, and James Teilborg. I recommend that all four be confirmed by the Senate. It is unfortunate that this Republican-controlled Senate, is not willing to do for President BillClinton what a Democratic-controlled Senate did for President George Bush, and move people forward. We can talk about the numbers that various Presidents have appointed. Recent Presidents have appointed more judges than George Washington did or Thomas Jefferson or Abraham Lincoln or Teddy Roosevelt. But we are also a much bigger country, and we have a lot more cases and need more judges. In fact, if we passed the judgeship bill the distinguished senior Senator from Utah and I have introduced, the vacancy rate would be well into the teens with over 130 vacancies.  We have waited 10 years to authorize new judges, even as this country has expanded over the years and caseloads have grown. The Judicial Conference is asking us to authorize 70 judges. In fact, I strongly urge we pass the judgeship bill before the Presidential election while no one knows who is going to be elected President, and we are looking at what is best for our court system.  I am glad to see the Senate moving forward on these three nominees. I expect they will be approved overwhelmingly. They are all well qualified for appointment to the federal courts.  Three judicial nominees on the Senate calendar have been cleared by Democrats for action for some time, including two from Arizona and one from Illinois who has been pending the longest of the four.  There were Senators who wanted to be heard and have a chance to debate the lack of hearings and the refusal to give hearings to qualified nominees. They have spoken eloquently on behalf of Roger Gregory, Bonnie Campbell and Judge Helene White. They are not seeking to filibuster these nominations and each has agreed to a reasonable time for debate before a vote.  The Senator from Arizona is right that there has been a problem with the nomination of James Teilborg, who happens to be a close personal friend of the Senator since their days together back at the University of Arizona Law School. Mr. Teilborg was nominated on July 21 and was afforded a hearing and was reported by the Judiciary Committee within a week.  The frustration that many Senators feel with the lack of attention the Committee has shown long-pending judicial nominees has recently boiled over. They wish to be heard; they seek parity and similar treatment for nominees they support. I understand their frustration and have been urging action for some time. This could all have been easily avoided if we were continuing to move judicial nominations like Democrats did in 1992, when we held hearings in September and confirmed 66 judges that presidential election year.  Michael Reagan, nominated to be a District Court Judge for the Southern District of Illinois, is a distinguished private attorney in Belleville, Illinois. He graduated from Bradley University in 1976, and St. Louis University Law School in 1980. He has been in private practice for over 20 years, and has been an adjunct professor of law at Belleville Area College and St. Louis University. He also presently serves as an Assistant Public Defender in St. Clair County, Illinois. He enjoys the support of both of his home state Senators. When other nominees to the Illinois federal courts were given hearings and confirmed in June, he was held back. He had likewise been nominated in early May. He was finally included in a hearing in late July and reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee on July 27. He could have been confirmed before the August recess or at any time in September. I am glad that time has finally come.  Judge Susan Ritchie Bolton has presided in the Arizona Superior Court for Maricopa County since 1989. She received her undergraduate degree and law degree from the University of Iowa. Following law school she clerked for the Honorable Laurence T. Wren on the Arizona Court of Appeals. She then went into private practice at Shimmel, Hill, Bishop & Bruender. She enjoys the support of both of her home state Senators and received a well-qualified rating from the American Bar Association. She was nominated on July 21, participated in a confirmation hearing on July 25 and was unanimously reported by the Judiciary committee on July 27. She could have been confirmed before the August recess or at any time in September. I am glad the Senate is turning its attention to her nomination and am confident that she will be confirmed to fill the judicial emergency vacancy for which she was nominated.  Mary Murguia currently serves as Director of the Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys. She also serves as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the District of Arizona. Prior to that, she served as an Assistant District Attorney for the Wyandotte County District Attorney's Office. She earned her undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Kansas. She enjoys the full support of both of her home state Senators. Like Judge Bolton, she was nominated on July 21, received a hearing on July 25 and was unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee on July 27. She could have been confirmed before the August recess or at any time in September. I know that the Senate will now do the right thing and confirm her to fill the judicial emergency vacancy for which she was nominated.  I thank the Majority Leader and commend the Democratic Leader for scheduling the consideration of these judicial nominations. I wish there were many more being considered to fill the 67 current vacancies and eight on the horizon. I wish that we were making progress on the Hatch-Leahy Federal Judgeship Act of 2000, S. 3071, and authorizing the 70 judgeships affected by that legislation as requested by the Judicial Conference.  I heard Senator Hatch argue last week that the vacancies on the federal judiciary are ``less than zero''. While I marvel at the audacity of such argument, it moves us no closing to fulfilling our constitutional responsibilities to the federal judiciary. Likewise the notion that the refusal by some to waive the Senate's 2-hour rule in late September somehow preventing the Committee from holding additional confirmation hearings in early September or now is hardly compelling. I wish the Committee and the Senate would have followed the model established in 1992 and continued holding hearings and reporting judicial nominees in August and September. That simply did not happen and despite my requests no additional hearings were held. This year we held about half as many hearings as in 1992. Despite all of our efforts we have been unable to get the Judiciary Committee to consider the nominations of Bonnie Campbell or Allen Snyder or Fred Woocher following their hearings.  The debate on judicial nominations over the last several years has included too much delay with respect to too many nominations. The most prominent current examples of that treatment are Judge Helene White, Bonnie Campbell, Roger Gregory, and Enrique Moreno. With respect to these nominations, the Senate has for too long refused to do its constitutional duty and vote. Nominees deserve to be treated with dignity and dispatch--not delayed for two or three or four years. The nomination of Judge White has now been pending for over four years, the longest pending nomination without a hearing in Senate history.  Of course it is every Senator's right to vote as he or she sees fit on all matters. But I would hope that in the cases of these long-pending nominations, those who have opposed them will show them the courtesy of using this time to discuss with us any concerns they may have and to explain the basis for their anonymous holds and the Senate's refusals to act.  It was only a couple of years ago when the Chief Justice of the United States chastised this Senate for refusing to vote up or down on judicial nominations after a reasonable period for review.  This Senate continues to reject his wisdom and, in my view, our duty.  It is my hope the Senate will confirm all four district court nominees on the Senate calendar. I know there are Senators who want a chance to debate the lack of hearings and the refusal to give hearings to qualified nominees. I understand that frustration, and it is justifiable, especially as it is not the way the Democrats acted when they controlled the Senate with a Republican President.  The nominee from Illinois should have been confirmed some time ago. The nominees from Arizona have zipped through here faster than the Republican leadership has allowed mostjudges to go through. When Senators supporting nominations, received months and years before, see newer nominees zip through, they are, of course, frustrated.  The Judiciary Committee has reported only three nominees to the court of appeals all year. We have held hearings without even including a nominee to the court of appeals. We have denied a committee vote to two outstanding nominees who have succeeded in getting hearings; namely, Bonnie Campbell and Allen Snyder. You have to understand the frustration of Senators and those outside the Senate who know that Roger Gregory and Helene White and Bonnie Campbell and Kathleen McCree Lewis and others should have been considered by the Judiciary Committee and voted on by the Senate.  On September 14, Senators Barbara Mikulski, Barbara Boxer, Blanche Lincoln, Tom Harkin, and Carl Levin and Representative Carolyn Maloney from the other body, highlighted the Senate's failure to act on judicial nominations to the Federal bench. They called on the Senate leadership to consider qualified women before the Congress adjourned. They also discussed the problems of judicial emergencies, the length of time it takes women and people of color to be confirmed, and how the Federal courts do not currently reflect the diversity of our country. I do not recall them or anybody else ascribing motives to those who are holding up these people. Rather, they were saying in a diverse country such as ours, the Federal court should reflect the diversity of our country.  They focused on the following women who have been waiting more than 60 days for confirmation: Helene White, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, has been pending more than 1,360 days; Kathleen McCree Lewis, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, has been pending more than 370 days; Bonnie Campbell, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, has been pending more than 215 days; Elena Kagen, U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, has been pending for more than 480 days; Lynette Norton, U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, has been pending more than 890 days; Patricia Coan, U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado, has been pending more than 500 days; Dolly Gee, U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, has been pending more than 495 days; Rhonda Fields, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, has been pending more than 325 days; and Linda Riegle, U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada, has been pending more than 165 days. That is why these Senators and this Member of Congress made the statement we did.  Mr. President, am I correct in understanding that under the previous order, we are to recess at 12:30?  